

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001558370-20-001889
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		80
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20191231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20200302
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20200302
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MEDIFAST INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000910329
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MISCELLANEOUS FOOD PREPARATIONS & KINDRED PRODUCTS [2090]
		IRS NUMBER:				133714405
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-31573
		FILM NUMBER:		20677041
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		11445 CRONHILL DRIVE
		CITY:			OWINGS MILLS
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			21117
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7327640619
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		11445 CRONHILL DRIVE
		CITY:			OWINGS MILLS
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			21117
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	HEALTHRITE INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19951120
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	XX
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19950619
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	00
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19950619














WASHINGTON
December&#160;31
Medifast
&#160;Inc.
(Registrant&#8217;s telephone number
Common Stock
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1)&#160;has filed all reports required to be filed by Section&#160;13 or 15(d)&#160;of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12&#160;months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 smaller reporting company
 or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of &#8220;large accelerated filer
&#8221; &#8220;accelerated filer
&#8221; &#8220;
If an emerging growth company
As of June&#160;28
 2019
 the last business day of the Registrant&#8217;s most recently completed second fiscal quarter
 the aggregate market value of the Registrant&#8217;s common stock (based on the closing sale price of $128.30
The number of shares of the registrant&#8217;s common stock outstanding at February&#160;14

765
154
This Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31
 2019 (&#8220;Report&#8221;) contains &#8220;forward-looking statements&#8221; within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (the &#8220;Exchange Act&#8221;).  Forward-looking statements often include words such as &#8220;may
&#8221; &#8220;will
&#8221; &#8220;should
&#8221; &#8220;anticipate
&#8221; &#8220;estimate
&#8221; &#8220;expect
&#8221; &#8220;project
&#8221; &#8220;intend
&#8221; &#8220;plan
&#8221; &#8220;believe
&#8221; &#8220;seek
&#8221; &#8220;would
&#8221; &#8220;could
Forward-looking statements reflect management&#8217;s expectations
 beliefs
 plans
 objectives
 goals and strategies as of the date of this Report.  Although we believe that these forward-looking statements and the underlying assumptions on which they are based are reasonable
 forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance.  By their nature
 forward-looking statements are subject to risks
our ability to protect against online security risks
expansion into international markets increases our operational
other risks and uncertainties described elsewhere in this Report
 including those described under Item 1A - &#8220;Risk Factors&#8221; of this Report
Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements
 which speak only as of the date of this Report. We undertake no obligation to update any information contained in this Report or to publicly release the results of any revisions to forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances of which we may become aware after the date of this Report.
Market for Registrant&#8217;s Common Equity
Directors
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence

 which offers Lifelong Transformation
. Reflecting the success of its approach to health and wellness for its&#160;clients
 Medifast has consistently grown revenue ahead of peers and competitors. Of equal importance
 our business model is expected to deliver long-term growth. Medifast has redefined direct selling by combining the best aspects of the model
 while eliminating those dimensions that have typically challenged other companies. Medifast is often compared to diet and weight loss-only companies or to multi-level marketing companies
VIA Coaches
Our operations are conducted through our wholly owned subsidiaries
 Jason Pharmaceuticals
 Inc.
VIA
 LLC
 Jason Enterprises
 Inc.
 Jason Properties
 LLC
 Medifast Franchise Systems
 Inc.
 Medifast Nutrition
 Inc.
 Seven Crondall Associates
 LLC
 Corporate Events
 Inc.
VIA (Hong Kong) Limited
VIA Health Consultation (Shanghai) Co.
 Ltd.  
VIA Coach
 Dr. Wayne Scott Andersen
 combines clinically proven plans with scientifically developed products and the ongoing support of Coaches. We sell a variety of weight loss
 weight management and healthy living products all based on our proprietary formulas under the Medifast
 
 Thrive by Medifast
 Optimal Health by Take Shape for Life
 brands.  Our product line includes more than 170 consumable options
 including
 but not limited to
 bars
 bites
 pretzels
 puffs
 cereal crunch
 drinks
 hearty choices
 oatmeal
 pancakes
 pudding
 soft serve
 shakes
 smoothies
 soft bakes
 and soups.  The Thrive by Medifast and Optimal Health by Take Shape for Life lines include a variety of specially formulated bars
 shakes
 and smoothies for those who are maintaining their weight for long-term healthy living.  We identify opportunities to expand our product line by regularly surveying our clients and studying industry and consumer trends. This allows us to introduce new
Our nutritional products are formulated with high-quality ingredients. Products include individually portioned
 calorie- and carbohydrate-controlled meal replacements that share a similar nutritional footprint and provide a balance of protein and good carbohydrates.  Our meal replacements are also fortified to contain vitamins and minerals
VIA-branded nutritional products
 or &#8220;Fuelings
&#8221; and also offer a variety of other weight loss
 weight management
VIA Fuelings come in a variety of flavors that appeal to a broad variety of tastes. Our products are nutrient-dense
 portion-controlled
In March 2018
 we announced a change in how our business is managed
 operating performance is reviewed and resources are allocated.  As a result
 beginning in the first quarter of 2018
 we changed how we report financial performance to align with changes in the way we now manage the business and now operate and report as a single sales segment
VIA
 Medifast Direct
VIA Coaches
VIA health and wellness programs
VIA Integrated Coaching Model is centered around providing focused
VIA Coaches who share
 educate
 motivate and pass along their passion for healthy living. We believe this personal
 direct-sales and service strategy is optimal for activating and supporting our 
 in 2018
VIA Coaches are independent contractors
 not employees
 who support our clients and market our products and services primarily through word of mouth
 email and via social media channels such as Facebook
 Instagram
 Twitter or Zoom. As direct-sales entrepreneurs
VIA Coaches market our products to friends
VIA Coaches and activate new clients
 many of whom also become Coaches. Incentives are designed to support each&#160;client and&#160;Coach&#8217;s long-term success. Coaches learn a simple success system to help candidates become clients. Then Coaches provide their clients with the encouragement and inspiration they need at just the right time. Becoming a Coach can help clients maintain their healthy weight as they become role models for their clients. At the same time
VIA plays an important role in financial wellness
 providing Coaches with the opportunity to improve their finances and change the health trajectory of families
We manufacture the majority of our powder-based products at our manufacturing facility located in Owings Mills
VIA community
 and achieving the desired results for our clients
VIA Coaches as of December 31
 2019 was 31
VIA&#8217;s success is further exemplified in our strong financial performance over the last several years. As a result of our strategic investment in the introduction
VIA brand
VIA business accounted for 96.4% of our revenues for the year ended December 31
 2019. Our revenues have been growing at a rapid pace. We generated revenue of $713.7 million in 2019
 $501.0 million in 2018 and $301.6 million in 2017
 representing year-over-year increases of 42.4% in 2019 and 66.1% in 2018. Income from operations was $91.0 million in 2019
 $69.1 million in 2018 and $39.6 million in 2017
Transparency is a core principal for our direct-sales business. We adhere to the direct-selling industry&#8217;s highest ethical standards and best practices. We are a member in good standing of the Direct Selling Association (&#8220;DSA&#8221;)
 a well-known and widely respected national trade association representing 120 direct selling companies in the United States. As a member of the DSA
We believe our continued investment
VIA Integrated Coaching Model demonstrates a sustainable
 repeatable business rhythm focused on our long-term goal and mission of offering the world Lifelong Transformation
VIA results from successful sales efforts
 which require hard work
 diligence
 skill
 persistence
 competence
 and leadership.  Please see the 
We develop and market health and wellness products for consumers who want to lose weight and adopt a holistic approach to overall health and wellness. According to the Center for Disease Control and Prevention (&#8220;CDC&#8221;)
 71.6% of all adults in the United States aged 20 and above are overweight or obese in 2016. We believe we offer these consumers a radically different approach to health
 with weight loss and weight management serving as a catalyst to an overall improvement in health
 confidence
Our core clients are highly motivated to adopt a healthy lifestyle that is transformative and sustainable. Many have tried weight loss programs previously
the desire for more energy to meet physical demands and aspirations (e.g. work
 parenting
mental
the need for a convenient and simple
Weight management is a challenge for a significant portion of the U.S. population
 as well as the global population. According to the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services
 overweight and obese individuals are increasingly at risk for diseases such as Type 2 diabetes
 heart disease
 certain types of cancer
 stroke
 arthritis
 sleep apnea and depression. In 2013
 The American Medical Association declared obesity a disease and the American Heart Association
 the American College of Cardiology
 and the Obesity Society jointly issued treatment guidelines recommending obesity be managed as a chronic disease. The World Health Organization estimates that approximately 1.9 billion people 18 years and older are overweight worldwide in 2016
 triple the rate since 1975. In the United States
Obesity is defined as a Body Mass Index (&#8220;BMI&#8221;) of 30 kg/m2 or greater
 whereas overweight is defined as a BMI ranging between 25 and 29.9 kg/m. In 2017
 the United States had an obesity rate of 42.4%. By 2017
 only two states and the District of Columbia had an obesity rate that was less than 25%; twenty-nine states had an adult obesity rate of 30% or higher. Being overweight and/or obese is linked to a multitude of serious comorbidities including heart disease
 stroke
 Type 2 diabetes
 certain types of cancers
 arthritis
 sleep apnea and depression. In fact
Consumers in the United States spend an estimated $190 billion annually on obesity-related medical conditions; the average annual medical costs for those who are obese are more than $1
400 higher than those of people in a normal weight range. According to a 2019 study by Marketdata Enterprises
 the United States weight loss market itself is estimated to be a $73 billion per year industry
 including consumer spending on diet foods
 drinks and low-calorie sweeteners
 health clubs
 fitness centers and workout videos; medically supervised and commercial weight loss programs; children&#8217;s weight loss camps; diet books; appetite suppressants and more. Portion-controlled
 meal-replacement weight management programs are continuing to gain popularity
 as consumers search for a safe and effective solution that provides balanced nutrition
 effective weight loss
 and valuable behavior-modification education.
the opportunity to start
VIA Coaches
VIA Coaches are effective advocates for the Company&#8217;s mission and the sale of its nutrition products and health and wellness programs. We offer direct sellers business essentials
VIA Coach.  In 2019
 we were ranked in the DSA&#8217;s Top 20 list
The United States is our principal market and we believe the United States continues to represent significant potential for growth given the high percentage of overweight or clinically obese adults
 where approximately 71.6% of adults aged 20 and over are considered overweight or obese in 2016. Sales of weight loss and health and wellness products and services are projected to grow at a compound average growth rate (&#8220;CAGR&#8221;) of 7% in the United States through 2022
Industry growth is also being driven by growing consumer awareness and increasing demand for health and wellness products. Additionally
 growing urban populations and the corresponding increase in disposable income across age groups are enabling consumers with increased purchasing power to embrace healthier lifestyles. The intensified interest in physical fitness
 fitness center membership
 increased public awareness and incidences of chronic diseases such as diabetes
 hypertension
 heart disease
 stroke
We are targeting our word of mouth and social media marketing toward increasingly younger demographics; reaching out to important and increasingly diverse communities of health and wellness consumers
As we previously disclosed
 global expansion is an important component of our long-term growth strategy.  In July 2019
 we commenced our international operations
Like the United States
 healthy lifestyles have increasingly become a priority to middle-class consumers in the Asia Pacific markets as disposable income grows. Our research has found that while traditional remedies are still essential
 consumers are increasingly incorporating healthy living products into their daily lives. In-market testing of our products and programs evoked strong consumer response and acceptance.
Asia Pacific is the largest health and wellness marketplace in terms of revenue share
 with robust growth projected over the next several years. The region also is a leading direct-selling marketplace
Our proprietary products and programs have been scientifically-developed to help consumers achieve a healthy weight. We work closely with our cross-disciplinary Scientific Advisory Board comprised of physicians and scientists who help guide the development of our comprehensive portfolio of offerings. Our products are scientifically designed to provide the proper nutrition at every stage of a person&#8217;s journey toward a sustainable
 healthy lifestyle. Our offerings are nutrient dense
 portion controlled
VIA Integrated Coaching Model. We incorporate healthy habits in all our consumer offerings. The Habits of Health System is an innovative
We identify opportunities to expand our product lines by regularly surveying our customer base and studying industry and consumer trends. This allows us to introduce new
VIA Essential Fuelings contain 24 vitamins and minerals
 high quality
 complete protein
 and no colors
VIA Essential Fueling is scientifically formulated with the right balance of carbohydrates
 protein and fat which helps promote a gentle
VIA Coach. Kits
 ranging in price from approximately $415.00 to $478.00
 include up to a 30-day supply of Fuelings and are purchased by our clients through either our ecommerce website
VIA Select Fuelings represent our Non-GMO line of products.  These products have unique flavor profiles
VIA Coaches with business essentials needed to successfully start their independent business
 including business tools
 plan information
VIA-branded health and wellness plans help consumers enter a gentle and efficient fat-burning state. Their success is enhanced by the personal attention
 counseling
 education
VIA Community
 including support calls with a caring community
 access to our knowledgeable Nutrition Support Team
VIA Premier service that help our clients stay on plan
 as well as qualifies them for discounts on purchased products and free shipping. We focus our marketing efforts on providing daily support to our 
VIA 30 &#8211; of their integration to Lifelong Transformation
VIA Coaches began as weight-loss clients
VIA program
. Our proven Optimal Weight 5 &amp; 1 Plan encourages consumers to eat six small meals a day
VIA Fuelings
 offering consumers a choice from more than 60 delicious
 convenient
 nutritionally interchangeable
 scientifically-designed products
 including shakes
 soups
 bars
 hot beverages
 hearty choices
 biscuits
 pretzels
VIA Coaches also counsel their clients on how to develop healthy habits
 The Optimal Weight 4 &amp; 2 &amp; 1 Plan is designed for consumers who want to continue eating all food groups or want a flexible meal plan to help them achieve a healthy weight. Under this plan
 The Optimal Health 3 &amp; 3 plan is designed for consumers who want to sustain a healthy weight. This plan focuses on nutritionally balanced
 small meals eaten every two or three hours
 similar to our Optimal Weight plans
VIA now accounts for a majority of our revenue
 we continue to market products under the Medifast brand name. About 24% of our consumable units sold in 2019 were tied to the Medifast brand. We offer a variety of weight loss
 weight management
 and healthy living products under the Medifast
 Thrive by Medifast
 Optimal Health
As of December 31
 2019
 our Medifast meal replacement line includes more than 40 options
 including
 but not limited to
 bars
 bites
 pretzels
 puffs
 cereal crunch
 drinks
 hearty choices
 oatmeal
 pancakes
 pudding
 soft serve
 shakes
 smoothies
 soft bakes
 and soups. Our Thrive by Medifast line includes a variety of specially formulated bars
 shakes
 *No one can predict how long you are going to live
 but research suggests that making an overall lifestyle change by taking an active role in your choices and behavior
 including losing weight
 eating healthier
 moving more
 and reducing stress
 has the potential to help you live a longer
 healthier life.
Weight management products and programs are typically seasonal.  Traditionally
 the predisposition of consumers not to initiate a weight loss or management program during the holiday season impacts the fourth quarter with fewer sales of weight management products and services during these months.  January and February generally show increases in sales
 as these months are considered the commencement of the &#8220;diet season.&#8221;  We believe our sales pattern does not follow the seasonality of our industry
VIA Coach network. Selling
 general
 and administrative costs do exhibit some seasonality as our annual International Leadership Advancement Trip (&#8220;ILAT&#8221;) and annual convention are held during the second and third quarter of each fiscal year
Medifast has a Scientific Advisory Board that consists of a multi-disciplinary
 international panel that serves as the foundation for scientifically-valid
 consumer-centric
 high quality innovations for lasting health. Its mission is to help guide Medifast in making informed decisions regarding medical
 nutritional
The weight-loss industry is very competitive and encompasses various weight loss products and programs. These include a wide variety of commercial weight-loss programs
 pharmaceutical products
 books
 self-help diets
 dietary meal replacements
 and appetite suppressants
 as well as
 digital tools and wearable trackers.  The weight loss market is served by a diverse array of competitors.  Potential clients seeking to manage their weight can turn to other traditional center-based competitors
 online diet oriented sites
 self-directed dieting and self-administered products such as prescription drugs
 over-the-counter drugs and supplements
 as well as medically supervised programs. We also compete with other direct selling organizations
 some of which have a longer operating history
 and greater visibility
Medifast&#8217;s identified publicly-traded peers and competitors in the general health and wellness diet industry include USANA Health Sciences Inc.
 WW International
 Inc. (formerly Weight Watchers International
 Inc.)
 Nature&#8217;s Sunshine Products Inc.
 Herbalife Nutrition Ltd.
 Simply Good Foods Co.
 Lifevantage Corp.
 and Nutrisystem Inc.
The Company believes its scientific and clinical heritage and commitment to evaluating its products and programs through clinical research are primary differentiators that allow it to compete in this market.  Our products were originally developed by a physician
 and Medifast has been on the cutting edge in the development of nutritional and weight-management products since the Company was founded.  Medifast meals are individually portioned
 calorie and carbohydrate-controlled meal replacements that share a similar nutritional &#8220;footprint&#8221; and provide a balance of protein and good carbohydrates
VIA Coach
We continue to build and leverage our core brands through multiple marketing strategies. Customer acquisition and retention strategies include word-of-mouth
 digital marketing
 public relations
 social media
 email marketing
 events and other means.  These mediums are used to target new clients by stressing Medifast&#8217;s and 
reactivate
Jason Pharmaceuticals
 Inc.
 our wholly-owned subsidiary with facility in Owings Mills
 Maryland
 is the primary manufacturer of our powder-based products
 which account for approximately 46% of our unit sales.  We purchased the plant in July 2002 and have gradually increased production capacity and improved overall efficiencies with additional investments in blending and packaging equipment.  The remaining 54% of our unit sales are manufactured by third-party vendors in accordance with Medifast proprietary formulas and manufacturing standards. Our Owings Mills manufacturing facility is regulated and inspected by the United States Food and Drug Administration (the &#8220;FDA&#8221;)
 the United States Department of Agriculture (the &#8220;USDA&#8221;) and the Maryland State Department of Health and Mental Hygiene.  It is certified by the Safe Qualified Food Institute as a Safe Quality Food Program Level 2 facility compliant with the Global Food Safety Initiative
In every jurisdiction in which we operate
VIA Coaching marketing program
 our products
 and other aspects of our business. In this section
Direct selling is regulated by various national
 state and local government agencies in the United States and foreign markets. These laws and regulations are generally intended to prevent fraudulent or deceptive schemes
 including &#8220;pyramid&#8221; schemes
 which compensate participants primarily for recruiting additional participants without significant emphasis on product sales to consumers. The laws and regulations governing direct selling may be modified or reinterpreted from time to time
 which may cause us to modify our sales compensation and business models. In almost all of our markets
 regulations are subject to discretionary interpretation by regulators and judicial authorities. There is often ambiguity and uncertainty with respect to the state of direct selling and anti-pyramiding laws and regulations. In the United States
 for example
 federal law provides law enforcement agencies
 such as the Federal Trade Commission (the &#8220;FTC&#8221;)
 broad latitude in policing unfair or deceptive trade practices
 but does not provide a bright-line test for identifying a pyramid scheme. Several states have passed legislation that more clearly distinguishes between illegal pyramid schemes and legitimate multi-level marketing business models. Recent settlements between the FTC and other direct selling companies and guidance from the FTC have addressed inappropriate earnings and lifestyle claims and the importance of focusing on consumers. These developments have created a level of ambiguity as to the proper interpretation of the law and related court decisions. For example
 in 2015
 the FTC took aggressive actions against a multi-level marketing company
 alleging an illegal business model and inappropriate earnings claims. We have taken additional steps to educate our distributors on proper earnings claims. If our distributors make improper claims
 or if regulators determine we are making any improper claims
In 2016
 the FTC entered into a settlement with another multi-level marketing company
 requiring the company to modify its business model
 including basing sales compensation and qualification only on sales to retail and preferred customers and on purchases by a distributor for personal consumption within allowable limits. Although this settlement does not represent judicial precedent or a new FTC rule
 the FTC has indicated that the industry should look at this settlement
 and the principles underlying its specific measures
 for guidance. If the requirements in this settlement lead to new industry standards or new rules
VIA clients
 we believe that we can demonstrate consumer demand for our products
 but we continue to monitor developments to assess whether we should make any changes to our business or global sales compensation plan. If we are required to make changes or if the FTC seeks to enforce similar measures in the industry
 either through rulemaking or an enforcement action against our company
 our business could be harmed.
A number of laws and regulations govern our advertising and marketing
 services
 products
 operations and relations with consumers
 franchisees
The formulation
 processing
 packaging
 labeling
 marketing
 advertising and selling of the Company&#8217;s products is subject to regulation by federal
 state and local agencies. Products must comply with the Federal Food Drug and Cosmetic Act
 the Food Safety Modernization Act
 the Federal Trade Commission Act
 State Consumer Protection laws and several other federal
The FDA
 USDA and State and local health departments are the major agencies whose regulatory mission is to assure that products are made using approved ingredients
 labeling
Laws and regulations directly applicable to data protection and communications
 operations or commerce over the Internet
 such as those governing intellectual property
 privacy and taxation
 continue to evolve. Our operations are subject to these laws and regulations and we continue to monitor their development and our compliance. In addition
The FTC has principal regulatory authority over the Company&#8217;s advertising and trade practices
During the mid-1990s
 the FTC filed complaints against a number of commercial weight management providers alleging violations of federal law in connection with the use of advertisements that featured testimonial claims for program success and program costs.  In 2012
 Jason Pharmaceuticals
 Inc.
 a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company
The Company
 like other producers and distributors of ingested products
 faces an inherent risk of exposure to product liability claims in the event that
 among other things
 the use of its products results in injury or death.  The Company maintains insurance against product liability claims with respect to the products it manufactures.  With respect to the retail and direct marketing distribution of products produced by others
Our products are typically shipped within 48 business hours after receipt of an order. As of February 14
 2020
 we had no significant backlog of orders.
We are not aware of any instance in which we have contravened federal
 state
As of December 31
 2019
 the Company employed 550 employees
 of whom approximately 310 were engaged in manufacturing
 logistics and supply chain support
 and approximately 240 in marketing
 administrative and corporate support functions.  None of the employees are subject to a collective bargaining agreement with the Company.  We believe that we have a good relationship with our employees.  Of our total employees
Our websites are based on commercially developed software and are hosted by cloud service providers and at a colocation data center located in Baltimore
 Maryland. The hosting facilities provide carrier diverse network connectivity
 redundant and emergency power
 fire prevention and control
 and robust physical security for the equipment on which our websites rely. Our information systems and infrastructure are monitored 24 hours a day
 seven days a week. We evaluate the compliance of key service organizations with SSAE 18 standards annually by reviewing the relevant System and Organization Controls reports (SOC 1
 SOC 2 and SOC 3)
 in addition to PCI-DSS compliance
We use a variety of security techniques to protect our confidential customer data
 including regularly scheduled penetration security tests on our websites. We also use an industry leading network monitoring service for our Intrusion Detection Services solution along with Intrusion Prevention System devices on our network&#8217;s perimeter. When our clients place an order or access their account information
 we use secure channels to encrypt and transmit information. Our security certificates encrypt all information entered before it is sent to our servers. We have a secondary firewall layer of security between our customer facing websites and the databases that house their information and we have deployed mitigation devices to protect against Distributed Denial of Service attacks. Customer data is protected against unauthorized access. We have a redundant network across our organization
As our operations grow in both size and scope
Our principal office is located at 100 International Drive
 Baltimore
 Maryland 21202.  Our telephone number at this office is (410) 581-8042.  Our corporate website is http://www.medifastinc.com.  All periodic and current reports
 registration statements
 code of conduct and other material that we are required to file with the SEC
 including our annual report on Form 10-K
 quarterly reports on Form 10-Q
 current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act are available free of charge through our investor relations page at https://ir.medifastinc.com.  Such documents are available as soon as reasonably practicable after electronic filing of the material with the SEC.  Our Internet website and the information contained therein or connected thereto are not intended to be incorporated into this Report.
The SEC maintains an Internet site
 www.sec.gov
 which contains reports
 proxy and information statements
You should consider carefully the following risks and uncertainties when reading this Report. If any of the events described below actually occurs
 the Company&#8217;s business
 financial condition and operating results could be materially adversely affected. You should understand that it is not possible to predict or identify all such risks and uncertainties. Consequently
VIA Coaches to continually grow their businesses by attracting
VIA Coach to be key indicators of our financial performance and condition.  As of December 31
 2019
 the Company had 31
VIA Coach was $5
Adverse opinions of our products
 services
Regulatory actions against our Company
 competitors in our industry
In both domestic and foreign markets
 we may be subject to challenges by government regulators regarding our direct selling model.  Legal and regulatory requirements concerning the direct selling industry generally do not include &#8220;bright line&#8221; rules and are inherently fact-based and subject to interpretation.  As a result
 regulators and courts have discretion in their application of these laws and regulations
Recent settlements between the FTC and other direct selling companies and guidance from the FTC have addressed inappropriate earnings and lifestyle claims and the importance of focusing on consumers. These developments have created a level of ambiguity as to the proper interpretation of the law and related court decisions. Any adverse rulings or legal actions could impact our business if direct selling laws or anti-pyramid laws are interpreted more narrowly or in a manner that results in additional burdens or restrictions on direct selling companies. For example
VIA Coaches make improper claims regarding our products or business
 or if regulators determine we are making any improper claims
In 2016
 the FTC entered into a settlement with another multi-level marketing company
 requiring the company to modify its business model
 including basing sales compensation and qualification only on sales to retail and preferred customers and on purchases by a distributor for personal consumption within allowable limits. Although this settlement does not represent judicial precedent or a new FTC rule
 the FTC has indicated that the industry should look at this settlement
 and the principles underlying its specific measures
 for guidance. If the requirements in this settlement lead to new industry standards or new rules
VIA Coaches
 we believe that we can demonstrate consumer demand for our products
 but we 
continue to monitor developments to assess whether we should make any changes to our compensation structure.  If we are required to make changes or if the FTC seeks to enforce similar measures in the industry
 either through rulemaking or an enforcement action against us
Governmental regulations in countries where we plan to commence or expand operations may prevent or delay entry into those markets. In addition
 our ability to sustain satisfactory levels of sales in our markets is dependent in significant part on our ability to introduce new products into such markets. However
 governmental regulations in our markets
 both domestic and international
 can delay or prevent the introduction
 or require the reformulation or withdrawal
 of certain of our products. Any such regulatory action
 whether or not it results in a final determination adverse to us
 could create negative publicity
VIA Coaches and
 consequently
We could also be subject to challenges by private parties in civil actions. We are aware of recent civil actions against other companies in the United States that use a direct sales model
 which have and may in the future result in significant settlements.  Allegations against companies that use a multi-level marketing strategy in various markets have also created intense public scrutiny of companies in the direct selling industry.  All of these actions and any future scrutiny of us or the direct selling industry could generate negative publicity or further regulatory actions that could result in fines
 restrict our ability to conduct our business
 enter into new markets
We have experienced rapid growth and expect our growth to continue
 which could place significant strain on our management
 systems
 resources
We have experienced rapid growth and development in a relatively short period of time and expect to continue this rapid growth in the future.&#160; For example
VIA Coaches has grown from 24
100 as of December 31
 2018 to 31
800 as of December 31
 2019. In addition
 in July 2019
 we commenced our international operations
 entering into the Asia Pacific markets of Hong Kong and Singapore.&#160; Our rapid growth places significant demands on our management and our administrative
Our failure to effectively manage our growth could harm our business and
 in particular
 our financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows
 which could negatively affect our ability to make distributions to stockholders and the trading price of our common stock. Our growth could also increase our capital requirements
VIA Coaches.  A downturn in general economic conditions
 such as a recession or prolonged economic slowdown
 may reduce the demand for our products and otherwise adversely affect our sales. For example
 economic forces
 including general economic conditions
 demographic trends
 consumer confidence in the economy
 changes in disposable consumer income and/or reductions in discretionary spending
 may cause consumers to defer or decrease purchases of our products and programs which could adversely affect our revenue
 gross profit
We rely on third parties to provide us with a majority of the products we sell and we manufacture the remaining portion. The inability to obtain the necessary products from our third-party manufacturers or to produce the products we manufacture in-house could cause our revenue
We rely on third-party manufacturers to supply a significant portion of the food and other products we sell. If we are unable to obtain a sufficient quantity
 quality and variety of foods and other products from these manufactures in a timely and low-cost manner
 we will be unable to fulfill our clients&#8217; orders in a timely manner
 which may cause us to lose revenue and market share or incur higher costs
 as well as damage the value of our brands.
Therefore
 it is critical that we maintain good relationships with our manufacturers. The services we require from these parties may be disrupted due to a number of factors associated with their businesses
We manufacture and produce the majority of our powder-based products
 which account for approximately 46% of our unit sales
 at our manufacturing facility in Owings Mills
 Maryland.  As a result
 we are dependent upon the uninterrupted and efficient operation of our sole manufacturing facility in Owings Mills
 Maryland.  The operations at this facility may be disrupted by a number of factors
There can be no assurance that the occurrence of these or any other operational problems at our sole facility would not have a material adverse effect on our business
VIA Coaches are independent contractors and
 accordingly
VIA Coaches were our own employees. As a result
VIA Coaches will comply with our policies and procedures despite our internal compliance efforts. Additionally
VIA Coaches do not have extensive training or certification in nutrition
VIA Coaches have provided inappropriate advice or have inappropriately referred or failed to refer clients to health care providers for matters other than weight loss. Such claims could result in lawsuits
 damage to our reputation and divert management&#8217;s attention from our business
Our weight loss and weight management programs do not include medical treatment or medical advice
 and we do not engage physicians or nurses to monitor the progress of our clients. Many people who are overweight suffer from other physical conditions
 and our target consumers could be considered a high-risk population. A customer who experiences health problems could allege or bring a lawsuit against us on the basis that those problems were caused or worsened by participating in our programs.  Further
 clients who allege that they were deceived by any statements that we made in advertising or labeling could bring a lawsuit against us under consumer protection laws. From time-to-time we are 
subject to such allegations and have been involved in such litigation. While we would defend ourselves against such claims
 we may ultimately be unsuccessful in our defense. Also
 defending ourselves against such claims
 regardless of their merit and ultimate outcome
 would likely be lengthy and costly
 and adversely affect our brand image
The weight management industry is highly competitive. If any of our competitors or a new entrant into the market with significant resources pursues a weight management program similar to ours
Competition is intense in the weight management industry and we must remain competitive in the areas of program efficacy
 price
 taste
 customer service and brand recognition. Our competitors include companies selling pharmaceutical products and weight loss programs
 digital tools and wearable trackers
 as well as a wide variety of diet foods and meal replacement bars and shakes
 appetite suppressants and nutritional supplements. Some of our competitors are significantly larger than we are and have substantially greater resources. Our business could be adversely affected if someone with significant resources decided to imitate our weight management program. For example
 if a major supplier of pre-packaged foods decided to enter this market and made a substantial investment of resources in advertising and training diet counselors
 our business could be significantly affected. Any increased competition from new entrants into our industry or any increased success by existing competition could result in reductions in our sales or prices
 or both
The weight management industry is subject to changing consumer demands based
 in large part
 on the efficacy and popular appeal of weight management programs. The popularity of weight management programs is dependent
 in part
 on their ease of use
 cost and channels of distribution as well as consumer trends
 and
 on an ongoing basis
 many existing and potential providers of weight loss solutions
 including many pharmaceutical firms with significantly greater financial and operating resources than we have
 are developing new products and services. The creation of a weight loss solution
 such as a drug therapy
 that is perceived to be safe
If we do not continue to develop innovative new services and products or if our services and products do not continue to appeal to the market
 or if we are unable to successfully expand or respond to consumer trends
The increasing focus of consumers on more integrated lifestyle and fitness approaches rather than just food
 nutrition and diet could adversely impact the popularity of our programs. Our future success depends on our ability to continue to develop and market new
 innovative services and products and to enhance our existing services and products
 each on a timely basis to respond to new and evolving consumer demands
 achieve market acceptance and keep pace with new nutritional
 weight management
 technological and other developments. We may not be successful in developing
 introducing on a timely basis or marketing any new or enhanced services and products
 and we cannot assure you that any new or enhanced services or products will appeal to the market. Our failure to develop new products and services and to enhance our existing products and services
 and the failure of our products and services to continue to appeal to the market could have an adverse impact on our ability to attract and retain clients and thus adversely affect our business
We rely on software
 hardware
 network systems
 including cloud-based technology
 that is either developed by us or licensed from or maintained by third parties to operate our websites. As much of this technology is complex
 there may be future errors
 defects or performance problems
 including when we update our technology or integrate new technology to expand and enhance our capabilities. Our technology may malfunction or suffer from defects that become apparent only after extended use. The integrity of our technology may also be compromised as a result of third-party cyber-attacks
 such as hacking
 spear phishing campaigns and denial of service attacks
 which are increasingly 
negatively impacting companies. In addition
 our operations depend on our ability to protect our information technology systems against damage from third-party cyber-attacks
 fire
 power loss
 water
 earthquakes
 telecommunications failures and similar unexpected adverse events. Interruptions in our websites
 services and products or network systems could result from unknown technical defects
 insufficient capacity or the failure of our third-party providers to provide continuous and uninterrupted service. While we maintain disaster recovery capabilities to return to normal operation in a timely manner
As a result of such possible defects
 failures
 interruptions or other problems
 our services and products could be rendered unreliable or be perceived as unreliable by clients
Our business is subject to online security risks
Unauthorized users who penetrate our information security systems could misappropriate proprietary or customer information or data or cause interruptions to the product offerings on our website. As a result
 it may become necessary to expend significant additional amounts of capital and resources to protect against
 or to alleviate
 problems caused by unauthorized users. These expenditures
 however
 may not prove to be a timely remedy against unauthorized users who are able to penetrate our information security systems. In addition to purposeful security breaches
 the inadvertent transmission of computer viruses could adversely affect our computer systems and
 in turn
A significant number of states require that customers be notified if a security breach results in the disclosure of their personal financial account or other information. Additional states and governmental entities are considering such &#8220;notice&#8221; laws. In addition
 other public disclosure laws may require that material security breaches be reported. If we experience a security breach and such notice or public disclosure is required in the future
In the ordinary course of our business
 we collect and utilize proprietary and customer information and data. Privacy concerns among prospective and existing clients regarding our use of such information or data collected on our website or through our services and products
 such as weight management information
 financial data
 email addresses and home addresses
 could keep them from using our website or purchasing our services or products. We currently face certain legal obligations regarding the manner in which we treat such information and data. Businesses have been criticized by privacy groups and governmental bodies for their use and handling of such information and data. We rely on third-party software products to secure our credit card transactions. Although we have developed systems and processes that are designed to protect consumer information and prevent fraudulent payment transactions and other security breaches
 failure to prevent or mitigate such fraud or breaches or changes in industry standards or regulations may adversely affect our business and operating results or cause us to lose our ability to accept credit cards as a form of payment and result in chargebacks of fraudulently charged amounts. Furthermore
Third parties may infringe on our brand
 trademarks and other intellectual property rights
We currently rely on a combination of trademark and other intellectual property laws and confidentiality procedures to establish and protect our proprietary rights
 including our brand. Because our business relies heavily on a direct-to-consumer business model
 our brand is an important element of our business strategy.  If we fail to successfully enforce our intellectual property rights
 the value of our brand
 services and products could be diminished and our business may suffer. Additionally
 failure to protect our intellectual property could result in the entry of a competitor to the market. Our precautions may not prevent misappropriation of our intellectual property. Any legal action that we may bring to protect our brand and other intellectual property could be unsuccessful and expensive and could divert management&#8217;s attention from other business concerns. In addition
 legal standards relating to the validity
 enforceability and scope of protection of intellectual property
 especially in Internet-related businesses
 are uncertain and evolving. We cannot assure you that these evolving legal standards will sufficiently protect our intellectual property rights in the future.
Third parties may
 in the future
 make claims against us alleging infringement of their intellectual property rights. Any intellectual property claims
 regardless of merit
 could be time-consuming and expensive to litigate or settle and could significantly divert management&#8217;s attention from other business concerns. In addition
 if we were unable to successfully defend against such claims
 we may have to pay damages
 stop selling the service or product or stop using the software
 technology or content found to be in violation of a third-party&#8217;s rights
 seek a license for the infringing service
 product
 software
 technology or content or develop alternative non-infringing services
 products
 software
 technology or content. If we cannot license on reasonable terms
 develop alternatives or stop using the service
 product
 software
 technology or content for any infringing aspects of our business
 we may be forced to limit our service and product offerings. Any of these results could reduce our revenue and our ability to compete effectively
We may not be able to successfully implement new strategic initiatives
We are continuously evaluating changing consumer preferences and the competitive environment of our industry and seeking out opportunities to improve our performance through the implementation of selected strategic initiatives. The goal of these efforts is to develop and implement a comprehensive and competitive business strategy which addresses the continuing changes in the weight management industry environment and our position within the industry. For example
 as the healthcare industry continues to evolve its response to the obesity epidemic so do the requirements
 both regulatory and business
 for providers. If we do not successfully meet these requirements
 we may not be perceived as an appropriate partner for certain purposes. We may not be able to successfully implement our strategic initiatives and realize the intended business opportunities
 growth prospects
 including new business units
 and competitive advantages. Our efforts to capitalize on business opportunities may not bring the intended results. Assumptions underlying expected financial results or consumer demand may not be met or economic conditions may deteriorate. We also may be unable to attract and retain highly qualified and skilled personnel to implement our strategic initiatives. If these or other factors limit our ability to successfully execute our strategic initiatives
 our business activities
In connection with our entry into the Asia Pacific markets of Hong Kong and Singapore we expanded our sales
 marketing and distribution activities in these markets.  The sale
 marketing and distribution of our products and programs in these and other international locations is subject to a number of uncertainties
 including
 but not limited to
changes in regulatory requirements
 including regulations governing our direct selling business model
Expansion into international markets increases our operational
In July 2019
 we commenced our international operations
 entering into the Asia Pacific markets of Hong Kong and Singapore.  As a result
 we face increased operational
 regulatory
 compliance and reputational risks. The failure of our compliance and internal control systems to properly mitigate such additional risks
 or of our operating infrastructure to support such expansion
 could result in operational failures and regulatory fines or sanctions. Our operations in Hong 
Kong and Singapore and other jurisdictions are subject to significant compliance
 disclosure and other obligations. Activity in international markets also exposes us to fluctuations in currency exchange rates
 which may adversely affect the U.S. dollar value of revenues
 expenses and assets associated with our business activities outside the United States. Actual and anticipated changes in current exchange rates may also adversely affect international demand for our investment strategies and services
 most of which represent investments primarily in U.S. dollar-based assets. Because certain of our costs to support international business activities will be based in local currencies
We are subject to anti-corruption laws in the jurisdictions in which we operate
 including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (&#8220;FCPA&#8221;). Our failure to comply with these laws could result in penalties which could harm our reputation and have a material adverse effect on our business
We are subject to the FCPA
 which generally prohibits companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments to foreign officials for the purpose of obtaining or keeping business and/or other benefits
 along with various other anticorruption laws. Although we have implemented policies
 procedures
 and training to all employees including management
 designed to ensure that we
 our employees and other intermediaries comply with the FCPA and other anticorruption laws to which we are subject
Expansion of our operations in international markets
 such as Hong Kong
 Singapore and other jurisdictions
 may pose elevated risks of anti-corruption violations as we are in frequent contact with persons who may be considered &#8220;foreign officials&#8221; under the FCPA
 resulting in an elevated risk of potential FCPA violations. If we are not in compliance with the FCPA and other laws governing the conduct of business with government entities (including local laws)
 we may be subject to criminal and civil penalties and other remedial measures
 which could have an adverse impact on our business
 financial condition
 results of operations and liquidity. Any investigation of any potential violations of the FCPA or other anticorruption laws by U.S. or foreign authorities could harm our reputation and have an adverse impact on our business
Our business in Hong Kong and Singapore is subject to sensitive economic
 political
Entering the Asia Pacific markets of Hong Kong and Singapore is a key component of our global growth strategy. Our business in these countries is sensitive to economic
 political
We are dependent on our key executive officers for future success. If we lose the services of any of our key executive officers and we are unable to timely retain a qualified replacement
Our future success depends to a significant degree on the skills
 experience and efforts of our key executive officers. The loss of the services of any of these individuals could harm our business. We have not obtained life insurance on any key executive officers. If any key executive officers left us or were seriously injured and became unable to work
Provisions in our certificate of incorporation may deter or delay an acquisition of us or prevent a change in control
Provisions of our certificate of incorporation (as amended) may have the effect of deterring unsolicited takeovers or delaying or preventing a third-party from acquiring control of us
 even if our stockholders might otherwise receive a premium for their shares over then current market prices. In addition
 these provisions may limit the ability of our stockholders to approve transactions that they may deem to be in their best interests.
Our certificate of incorporation (as amended) permits our Board of Directors to issue preferred stock without stockholder approval upon such terms as the Board of Directors may determine. The rights of the holders of our common stock will be junior to
 and may be adversely affected by
 the rights of the holders of any preferred stock that may be issued in the future. The issuance of preferred stock could have the effect of making it more difficult for a third-party to acquire
 or discourage a third-party from acquiring
Our program features pre-packaged food selections
 which we believe offer convenience and value to our clients. Our continued success depends
 to a large degree
 upon the continued popularity of our program versus various other weight loss
 weight management and fitness regimens
 such as low carbohydrate diets
 appetite suppressants and diets featured in the published media. Changes in consumer tastes and preferences away from our pre-packaged food and support and counseling services
 and any failure to provide innovative responses to these changes
 may have a materially adverse impact on our business
 financial condition
 operating results
 cash flows and prospects. Our success is also dependent on our food innovation including maintaining a robust array of food items and improving the quality of existing items. If we do not continually expand our food items or provide clients with items that are desirable in taste and quality
The weight loss industry is subject to adverse publicity
The weight loss industry receives adverse publicity from time to time
 and the occurrence of such publicity could harm us
 even if the adverse publicity is not directly related to us. Congressional hearings about practices in the weight loss industry have also resulted in adverse publicity and a consequent decline in the revenue of weight loss businesses. Future research reports or publicity that is perceived as unfavorable or that question certain weight loss programs
 products or methods could result in a decline in our revenue. Because of our dependence on consumer perceptions
 adverse publicity associated with illness or other undesirable effects resulting from the consumption of our products or similar products by competitors
 whether or not accurate
Our industry is subject to federal
 state and other governmental regulation. Certain federal and state agencies
 such as the FTC
 regulate and enforce laws relating to advertising
 disclosures to consumers
 privacy
 consumer pricing and billing arrangements and other consumer protection matters. A determination by a federal or state agency
 or a court
 that any of our practices do not meet existing or new laws or regulations could result in liability
 adverse publicity
 and restrictions of our business operations. Some advertising practices in the weight loss industry have led to investigations from time to time by the FTC and other governmental agencies. Many companies in the weight loss industry
 including our predecessor businesses
 have entered into consent decrees with the FTC relating to weight loss claims and other advertising practices. In October&#160;2009
 the FTC published its revised Guides concerning the Use of Endorsements and Testimonials in Advertising which now requires us to make a statement as to what the typical weight loss clients can expect to achieve on our program when using a customer&#8217;s weight loss testimonial in advertising. Federal and state regulation of advertising practices generally
 and in the weight loss industry in particular
 may increase in scope or severity in the future
Other aspects of our industry are also subject to government regulation. For example
 the labeling and distribution of food products
 including dietary supplements
 are subject to strict USDA and FDA requirements and food manufacturers are subject to rigorous inspection and other requirements of the USDA and FDA
 and companies operating in foreign markets must comply with those countries&#8217; requirements for proper labeling
 controls on hygiene
 food preparation and other matters. If federal
 state
 local or foreign regulation of our industry increases for any reason
 then we may be required to incur significant expenses
 as well as modify our operations to comply with new regulatory requirements
 
which could harm our operating results. Additionally
 remedies available in any potential administrative or regulatory actions may include product recalls and require us to refund amounts paid by all affected clients or pays other damages
Laws and regulations directly applicable to communications
 operations or commerce over the Internet such as those governing intellectual property
 privacy
 libel and taxation
 are more prevalent and remain unsettled. If we are required to comply with new laws or regulations or new interpretations of existing laws or regulations
 or if we are unable to comply with these laws
 regulations or interpretations
Future laws or regulations
 including laws or regulations affecting our marketing and advertising practices
 relations with consumers
 employees
 service providers
 or our services and products
Like other manufacturers and distributors of products that are ingested
 we face an inherent risk of exposure to product liability claims if the use of our products results in illness or injury. The foods and products that we manufacture and sell in the United States are subject to laws and regulations
 including those administered by the USDA and FDA that establish manufacturing practices and quality standards for food products. Product liability claims could have a material adverse effect on our business as existing insurance coverage may not be adequate. Distributors of weight loss food products
 including dietary supplements
 have been named as defendants in product liability lawsuits from time to time. The successful assertion or settlement of an uninsured claim
 a significant number of insured claims or a claim exceeding the limits of our insurance coverage would harm us by adding costs to the business and by diverting the attention of senior management from the operation of the business. We may also be subject to claims that our products contain contaminants
 are improperly labeled
 include inadequate instructions as to use or inadequate warnings covering interactions with other substances. Additionally
 the manufacture and sale of these products involves the risk of injury to consumers due to tampering by unauthorized third parties or product contamination. Product liability litigation
 even if not meritorious
 is very expensive and could also entail adverse publicity for us and reduce our revenue. Furthermore
 the products we manufacture and distribute
 or certain components of those products
 may be subject to product recalls or other deficiencies. Any negative publicity associated with these actions would adversely affect our brand and may result in decreased product sales and
 as a result
The Company owns a 49
000 square-foot manufacturing facility in Owings Mills
 Maryland and leases office space in Baltimore
 Maryland which serves as our corporate headquarters.  The corporate headquarters&#8217; lease expires in February 2026.  The Company owns a 119
000 square-foot distribution facility in Ridgley
 Maryland and outsources a domestic distribution center in Reno
 Nevada
 and an international distribution center in Hong Kong.  All the distribution facilities give the Company adequate product distribution capacity for the foreseeable future.  The Company leases a raw materials warehouse in Arbutus
 Maryland.  The Arbutus warehouse lease expires in February 2022. In January 2020
 the Company entered into a lease for a satellite office in Lehi
The Company is
 from time to time
 subject to a variety of litigation and similar proceedings that arise out of the ordinary course of its business.  Based upon the Company&#8217;s experience
 current information and applicable law
 it does not believe that these proceedings and claims will have a material adverse effect on its results of operations
 financial position or liquidity. However
 the results of legal actions cannot be predicted with certainty. Therefore
 it is possible that the Company&#8217;s results of operations
 financial condition or cash flows could be materially adversely affected in any particular period by the unfavorable resolution of one or more legal actions.
ITEM&#160;5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT&#8217;S COMMON EQUITY
There were approximately 98 record holders of the Company&#8217;s common stock as of February 14
See Part III
 Item 12 - Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters for information regarding securities authorized for issuance under our equity compensation plans
The following table provides information about the Company&#8217;s repurchases of common stock for the three&#160;months ended December&#160;31
 1
2
368
2
368
 124
2
368
126
At the outset of the quarter ended December 31
 2019
 there were 2
368
587 shares of the Company&#39;s common stock eligible for repurchase under the repurchase authorization dated September 16
The Company did not make any stock repurchases for the three months ended December 31
 2019. As of December 31
 2019
 there were 2
368
587 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock eligible for repurchase under the Stock Repurchase Plan. There can be no assurances as to the amount
 timing or prices of repurchases
The following line graph compares the yearly percentage change in the Company&#8217;s cumulative total stockholder return (Common Stock price appreciation plus dividends
 on a reinvested basis) for the last five fiscal years to that of the Standard &amp; Poor&#8217;s 500 Index and the Company&#8217;s selected peer groups.  The 2018 Peer Group includes Farmer Brothers Company
 Inter Parfums Inc.
 Lifevantage Corp.
 Nature&#8217;s Sunshine Products Inc.
 Nutrisystem Inc.
 USANA Health Sciences Inc.
 and Weight Watchers International Inc
 which was renamed to WW International
 Inc. in 2019. The 2019 Peer Group includes the 2018 Peer Group with the exception of Lifevantage Corp.and Nutrisystem Inc. as well as the 
addition of 1-800-flowers.com Inc.
 Blue Apron Holdings Inc.
 Duluth Holdings Inc.
 E.l.f Beauty Inc.
 Herbalife Nutrition Ltd.
 Nu Skin Enterprises Inc.
 Petmed Express Inc.
 Simply Good Foods Co.
Medifast
The selected consolidated financial data set forth below should be read in conjunction with &#8220;Management&#8217;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations&#8221; included in Part&#160;II
 Item&#160;7 of this Report
 and the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto of the Company included in Part&#160;II
 Item&#160;8 of this Report. The historical results provided below are not necessarily indicative of future results. 
(In thousands
 713
 501
 301
 274
 272
 536
 379
 227
 205
 201
 91
 69
 39
 26
 28
 92
 70
 40
 27
 29
 77
 55
 27
 17
 19
Income from discontinued operations
 77
 55
 27
 17
 20
 194
 169
 145
 121
 116
 104
 109
 108
 96
 88
 11
 11
 11
 11
 11
 12
 12
 12
 11
 12
Included in total assets as of December 31
 2019 was $12
803 thousand right-of-use (&#8220;ROU&#8221;) assets as a result of adoption of ASC 842 on January 1
The preparation of our consolidated financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities
 the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Management develops
 and changes periodically
 these estimates and assumptions based on historical experience and on various other factors that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. Management considers the following accounting policies to be the most critical in preparing our consolidated financial statements. These critical accounting policies have been discussed with our Audit Committee
  Our revenue is derived primarily from point of sale transactions executed over an ecommerce platform for weight loss
 weight management
 and other consumable health and nutritional products. Revenue is 
recognized upon receipt by customer and net of discounts
 rebates
 promotional adjustments
 price adjustments
Revenue is recognized when control of the promised products is transferred to our clients
 in an amount that reflects the consideration we expect to be entitled to in exchange for transferring those products. When determining whether the customer has obtained control of the products
A performance obligation is a promise in a contract to transfer a distinct good or service to the customer

 Revenue from Contracts with Customers
 or as
Our performance obligations are satisfied at a point in time. Revenue from products transferred to clients at a point in time accounted for substantially all of our revenue for the years ended December 31
 2019 and 2018. Revenue on these contracts is recognized when the obligations under the terms of the contract with our customer are satisfied. Generally
Our sales contracts may give clients the option to purchase additional products priced at a discount. Options to acquire additional products at a discount can come in many forms
 such as customer reward programs and incentive offerings including pricing arrangements
We reduce the transaction price for certain customer reward programs and incentive offerings including pricing arrangements
 promotions
 incentives that represent variable consideration and separate performance obligations. The Company accounts for sales rewards as a separate performance obligation of the transactions
We expense sales commissions and credit card fees during the period in which the corresponding revenue is earned. These costs are deferred along with the revenues for goods that are in transit and not received by clients by period end. These costs are recorded in selling
 We continually assess the impairment of long-lived assets whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of the assets may not be recoverable. Judgments regarding the existence of impairment indicators are based on legal factors
 The benefit of a tax position is recognized in the consolidated financial statements in the period during which
 based on all available evidence
 management believes it is more-likely-than-not that the position will be sustained upon examination
 including the resolution of appeals or litigation processes
 if any. Tax positions taken are not offset or aggregated with other positions. Tax positions that meet the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold are measured as the largest amount of tax benefit that is more than 50% likely of being realized upon settlement with the applicable taxing authority. The portion of the benefits associated with tax positions taken that exceeds the amount measured as 
We evaluated our tax positions and determined that we did not have any material uncertain tax positions. Our policy is to recognize interest and penalties accrued on uncertain tax positions as part of income tax expense. For the&#160;years ended December&#160;31
 2019
 2018 and 2017
 no material estimated interest or penalties were recognized for the uncertainty of certain tax positions. We file income tax returns in the United States
 and various states and foreign jurisdictions. We are generally no longer subject to United States federal
Deferred tax assets are recognized for deductible temporary differences and deferred tax liabilities are recognized for taxable temporary differences. Temporary differences are the differences between the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and their tax bases. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance when
 in the opinion of management
 The Company determines if an arrangement is a lease at inception and categorizes leases with contractual terms longer than twelve months as either operating or finance. All the Company&#8217;s leases are operating leases. The right-of-use (&#8220;ROU&#8221;) assets represent the Company&#8217;s right to use an underlying asset for the lease term
 and lease liabilities represent an obligation to make lease payments arising from the lease. ROU assets and lease liabilities are recognized at the lease commencement date based on the present value of lease payments over the lease term. As most of the Company&#8217;s leases do not provide an implicit interest rate
 the Company uses its incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at the lease commencement date in determining the present value of lease payments. The ROU asset also consists of any prepaid lease payments and lease incentives received. The lease terms used to calculate the ROU asset and related lease liability include options to extend or terminate the lease when it is reasonably certain that the Company will exercise that option. Lease expense for operating leases is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term as an operating expense. 
 which offers Lifelong Transformation
. Reflecting the success of its approach to health and wellness for its&#160;clients
 Medifast has consistently grown revenue ahead of peers and competitors. Of equal importance
 our business model is expected to deliver reliable growth year after year. Medifast has redefined direct selling by combining the best aspects of the model
 while eliminating those dimensions that have typically challenged other companies. Medifast is often compared to diet and weight loss-only companies or to multi-level marketing companies
VIA Coaches

 2018
 and 2017
We review and analyze a number of key operating and financial metrics to manage our business
As we previously disclosed
 global expansion is an important component of our long-term growth strategy. In July 2019
 we commenced our international operations
VIA business unit accounted for approximately 96.4%
 92.9%
 and 85.1% of our revenues in 2019
 2018 and 2017
 respectively. In March 2018
 we announced a change in how our business is managed
 operating performance is reviewed and resources are allocated. As a result
 beginning in the first quarter of 2018
 we changed how we report financial performance to align with changes in the way we now manage the business and now operate and report as a single sales segment
VIA
 Medifast Direct
 Franchise Medifast Weight Control Centers and Medifast Wholesale). Although we have 
one reportable segment
The following table reflects our consolidated statements of income for the years ended December 31
 2019 and 2018 (in thousands
 713
 501
 212
 176
 121
 (55
 536
 379
 156
Selling
 general
 445
 310
 (134
 91
 69
 21
     Interest income
 1
 1
 1
 1
 92
 70
 21
 14
 14
 77
 55
 22
Selling
 general
  Revenue increased $212.7 million
 or 42.4%
VIA Coaches for the three months ended December 31
 2019 increased to 31
800 from 24
100 for the corresponding period in 2018
VIA Coach decreased 9.2% to $5
229 for the three months ended December 31
 2019 from $5
756 for the three months ended December 31
VIA Coach conversions
  Cost of sales increased $55.7 million
 or 46.0%
  In 2019
 gross profit increased $157.0 million
 or 41.3%
 to $536.9 million from $379.9 million in 2018.  As a percentage of sales
 gross profit decreased 60 basis points to 75.2% for 2019 from 75.8% for 2018.  The decrease in gross profit as a percentage of sales was primarily driven by higher shipping expenses and higher product returns related to disruptions to normal business operations during the year. 
Selling
  Selling
 general and administrative (&#8220;SG&amp;A&#8221;) expenses were $445.8 million in 2019
 an increase of $135.0 million
 or 43.4%
 as compared to $310.8 million in 2018.  As a percentage of sales
VIA commission expense and credit card processing fees as a result of higher sales. In addition
 SG&amp;A expenses increased as a result of increased consulting costs related to technology projects
 along with higher salaries and benefits related expenses. SG&amp;A expenses included $3.3 million of cost incurred in Q3 2019
 which were related to a highly organized automated scheme using stolen credit cards from outside the Company&#8217;s systems
 to transact business on the Company&#8217;s ecommerce sites. Each of these transactions was pre-approved
 prior to shipment
 by the payment processor and subsequently reported to the Company as utilizing a stolen card. These expenses were $2.9 million higher than the corresponding period in 2018 and were primarily comprised of higher bad debt and credit card fees. Bad debt levels have returned to historical levels throughout the fourth quarter of 2019 as a result of software and new processes implemented in the third quarter of 2019. SG&amp;A expenses included research and development costs of $2.7 million and $2.2 million for 2019 and 2018
VIA commission expense
 which is a variable expense
 increased $95.3 million
 or 47.8%
VIA revenue increased as a portion of the Company&#8217;s total sales mix
  In 2019 and 2018
 other income
 including interest income
 was $1.3 million and $1.5 million
  Income from operations before income taxes was $92.4 million in 2019 as compared to $70.5 million in 2018
  For 2019
 the Company recorded $14.4 million in income tax expense
 an effective tax rate of 15.6%
 as compared to $14.8 million in income tax expense and an effective tax rate of 20.9%
 Net income was $77.9 million
 or $6.43 per diluted share
 in 2019 as compared to $55.8 million
 or $4.62 per diluted share
Additionally

The Company had stockholders&#8217; equity of $104.8 million and working capital of $74.8 million at December 31
 2019 compared with $109.1 million and $85.2 million at December 31
 2018.  The $4.3 million net decrease in stockholder&#8217;s equity reflects $77.9 million in net income for 2019 offset by $33.1 million spent on repurchases of common stock
 and $40.0 million for declared dividends paid to our common stock holders as well as the other equity transactions described in the Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders&#8217; Equity included in our consolidated financial statements included in this report.  The Company declared a dividend of $1.13 per share on December 3
 2019
 to stockholders of record as of December 27
 2019 that was paid on February 6
 2020.  While we intend to continue the dividend program and believe we will have sufficient liquidity to do so
 we can provide no assurance we will be able to continue the 
declaration and payment of dividends.  The Company&#8217;s cash
 cash equivalents and investment securities decreased from $101.0 million at December 31
 2018 to $92.7 million at December 31
Net cash used in financing activities increased $29.0 million to $82.3 million for 2019 from $53.3 million for 2018. This increase was primarily due to increases in the net shares repurchased for employee taxes
 cash dividends paid to stockholders
In pursuing its business strategy
 the Company may require additional cash for operating and investing activities. The Company expects future cash requirements
 including its expansion of its operations into the Asia Pacific Markets of Hong Kong and Singapore
The Company had the following contractual obligations as of December&#160;31
 3
 6
 2
 1
 14
 2
 2
 4
 6
 8
 3
 1
 19
The Company has operating leases in place for leased corporate offices
 warehouses
To date
Market risk is the potential loss arising from adverse changes in market rates and prices
 such as interest rates and a decline in the stock market. The Company does not enter into derivatives
The Company is exposed to market risk related to changes in interest rates and market pricing impacting our investment portfolio. Its current investment policy is to maintain an investment portfolio consisting of municipal bonds
 United States money market securities
 and high-grade corporate securities
 directly or through managed funds. Its cash is deposited in and invested through highly rated financial institutions in North America. Its marketable securities are subject to interest rate risk and market pricing risk and will fall in value if market interest rates increase or if market pricing decreases. If market interest rates were to increase and market pricing were to decrease immediately and uniformly by 10% from levels at December&#160;31
 2019
 the Company estimates that the fair value of its investment portfolio would decline by an immaterial amount and therefore it would not expect its operating results or cash flows to be affected to any significant degree by the effect of a change in market conditions on our investments.
MEDIFAST
&#160;INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Medifast
We have audited Medifast Inc. and subsidiaries&#8217; (the Company) internal control over financial reporting as of December 31
 2019
 issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in 2013. In our opinion
 the Company maintained
 in all material respects
 effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31
 2019
We have also audited
 in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB)
 the consolidated balance sheets as of December 31
 2019 and 2018
 and the related consolidated statements of income
 comprehensive income
 stockholders&#8217; equity
 and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31
 2019 and the related notes to the consolidated financial statements of the Company and our report dated March 2
We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting
 assessing the risk that a material weakness exists
A company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that
 in reasonable detail
 accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
 and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
Because of its inherent limitations
 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also
 projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
Baltimore
March&#160;2
 2020
Medifast
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Medifast
&#160;Inc. and its subsidiaries (the Company) as of December&#160;31
 2019 and 2018
 the related consolidated statements of income
 comprehensive income
 stockholders&#8217; equity and cash flows for each of the three&#160;years in the period ended December&#160;31
 2019
 and the related notes to the consolidated financial statements (collectively
 the financial statements). In our opinion
 the financial statements present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of the Company as of December&#160;31
 2019 and 2018
 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three&#160;years in the period ended December&#160;31
 2019
We have also audited
 in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB)
 the Company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting as of December&#160;31
 2019
 issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in 2013
 and our report dated March&#160;2
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement
 whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements
 whether due to error or fraud
 and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining
 on a test basis
 evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging
 subjective or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements
 taken as a whole
 and we are not
 by communicating the critical audit matter below
As described in Notes 1 and 11 of the consolidated financial statements
VIA Coaches. The Company&#8217;s provision for income taxes is impacted based on interpretations of the Tax Cuts and Job Act (Tax Act) and various state and local income tax laws. Management prepared the Company&#8217;s provision for income taxes using significant judgment when interpreting the provisions of the Tax Act
 related Treasury and state and local tax regulations 
We identified the evaluation of the Company&#8217;s provision for income taxes as a critical audit matter due to the significant judgments made by management when assessing the complex provisions of the tax laws and regulations.  Auditing the matter required significant auditor judgment
 and use of our tax specialists
Our audit procedures related to the Company&#8217;s provision for income taxes include the following
We obtained an understanding of the relevant controls related to the determination of current and deferred taxes and tested such controls for design and operating effectiveness
We involved our specialized tax professionals to assist in evaluating the application of the Tax Act and Treasury Regulations and state and local tax regulations. Our specialists developed an independent assessment of interpretations of the Tax Act and Treasury Regulations
 state and local tax positions
We tested the accuracy and completeness of the data and inputs used to calculate the effective federal and state tax rate
 current provision calculations
Baltimore
March&#160;2
 2020
MEDIFAST
Years Ended December&#160;31
 2019
(In thousands
713
501
301
176
121
73
536
379
227
Selling
 general
445
310
188
91
69
39
Interest income
1
1
1
1
92
70
40
14
14
12
77
55
27
11
11
11
12
12
12
088
MEDIFAST
Years Ended December&#160;31
 2019
77
55
27
Other comprehensive income (loss)
78
55
27
726
MEDIFAST
As of December&#160;31
(In thousands
76
81
December 31
 2019 and 2018
1
1
48
38
15
19
Income taxes
5
6
4
154
145
Property
26
19
12
1
1
2
194
169
76
60
3
79
60
Lease obligations
10
89
60
Common stock
20
12
12
11
11
at December 31
 2019 and December 31
 2018
8
168
131
Less: Treasury stock at cost
 shares at December 31
2019 and December 31
 2018
63
30
104
109
194
169
429
EDIFAST
Years Ended December&#160;31
 2019
77
55
27
4
4
4
4
3
4
Loss on sale of disposal of property
1
2
3
1
4
9
18
1
Income taxes
5
2
1
1
1
12
16
10
84
60
43
3
3
6
6
10
4
3
6
1
3
14
2
35
23
15
33
29
82
53
17
4
6
22
81
75
52
76
81
75
17
14
13
13
9
6
105
MEDIFAST
Years Ended December&#160;31
 2019
Balance
 December 31
12
2
93
96
27
27
4
4
2
2
17
17
Balance
 December 31
 2017
12
4
103
108
2
2
Balance January 1
 2018
12
4
101
106
55
55
3
3
29
29
26
26
Balance
 December 31
12
8
131
30
109
77
77
4
4
13
14
33
33
39
39
Balance
 December 31
12
168
63
104
832
MEDIFAST
For the&#160;Years Ended December&#160;31
 2019
 2018
Medifast
&#160;Inc. (the &#8220;Company&#8221; or &#8220;Medifast&#8221;) is a Delaware corporation
 incorporated in 1989. The Company&#8217;s operations are primarily conducted through its wholly owned subsidiaries
 Jason Pharmaceuticals
&#160;Inc.
VIA
 LLC
 Jason Enterprises
&#160;Inc.
 Jason Properties
 LLC
 Medifast Franchise Systems
&#160;Inc.
 Medifast Nutrition
&#160;Inc.
 Seven Crondall Associates
 LLC
 Corporate Events
&#160;Inc.
 
 which offers Lifelong Transformation
VIA is a highly effective lifestyle solution for people for whom diets alone have failed.  The Company has one modern
 United States Food and Drug Administration (the &#8220;FDA&#8221;) approved manufacturing facility located in Owings Mills
Medifast sells a variety of weight loss
 weight management and healthy living products all based on our proprietary formulas under the Medifast
 
 Thrive by Medifast
 Optimal Health by Take Shape for Life
 brands.  The Company&#8217;s product line includes more than 170 consumable options
 including
 but not limited to
 bars
 bites
 pretzels
 puffs
 cereal crunch
 drinks
 hearty choices
 oatmeal
 pancakes
 pudding
 soft serve
 shakes
 smoothies
 soft bakes
 and soups.  Medifast&#8217;s nutritional products are formulated with high-quality ingredients. The processing
 formulation
 packaging
 labeling and advertising of the Company&#8217;s products are subject to regulation by one or more federal agencies
 including the FDA
 the Federal Trade Commission (the &#8220;FTC&#8221;)
 the Consumer Product Safety Commission
 the United States Department of Agriculture
&#160;- Cash and cash equivalents consist of cash on deposit in financial institutions
&#160;&#8211; Our cash and cash equivalents and available-for-sale securities are maintained at several financial institutions and the balances with these financial institutions often exceed the amount of insurance provided on such accounts by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. The cash and cash equivalents generally are maintained with financial institutions with reputable credit
 and therefore bear minimal credit risk. Historically
Our financial instruments include cash and cash equivalents
 investment in available-for-sale securities
 and trade receivables. The carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalents
 and trade 
Accounts receivable are recorded net of provisions for doubtful accounts. Allowances for doubtful accounts are based primarily on an analysis of aged accounts receivable balances
 credit card chargeback trends and activities and the credit worthiness of our clients as determined by credit checks and analysis
 as well as customer payment history. The allowance for doubtful accounts as of December&#160;31
 million
Inventories consist principally of packaged meal replacements held in the Company&#8217;s warehouses. Inventory is stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value
 utilizing the first-in
 first-out method. The cost of finished goods includes the cost of raw materials
 packaging supplies
 direct and indirect labor and other indirect manufacturing costs. On a quarterly basis
The Company&#8217;s investments consist of debt securities classified as available-for-sale securities. Available-for-sale debt securities are stated at fair value and unrealized holding gains and losses
 net of the related deferred tax effect
 are reported as a separate component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) in stockholders&#8217; equity. Interest and dividends on marketable debt securities are recognized in income when declared. Realized gains and losses
 including losses from declines in value of specific securities determined by management to be other-than-temporary
 if any
Property
 Plant
Property
Long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to estimated undiscounted future cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. If the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its estimated future cash flows
Our revenue is derived primarily from point of sale transactions executed over an ecommerce platform for weight loss
 weight management and other consumable health and nutritional products.  Revenue is recognized upon receipt by customer and net of discounts
 rebates
 promotional adjustments
 price adjustments
Revenue is recognized when control of the promised products is transferred to our clients
 in an amount that reflects the consideration we expect to be entitled to in exchange for transferring those products.  When determining whether the customer has obtained control of the products
A performance obligation is a promise in a contract to transfer a distinct good or service to the customer

 Revenue from Contracts with Customers
 or as
 the performance obligation is satisfied. Our contracts have performance obligations to fulfill and deliver products from the point of sale transaction along with the related customer reward programs. 
Our performance obligations are satisfied at a point in time. Revenue from products transferred to clients at a point in time accounted for substantially all of our revenue for the years ended December 31
 2019 and 2018. Revenue on these contracts is recognized when obligations under the terms of the contract with our customer are satisfied.  Generally
Our sales contracts may give clients the option to purchase additional products priced at a discount.  Options to acquire additional products at a discount can come in many forms
We reduce the transaction price for certain customer reward programs and incentive offerings including pricing arrangements
 promotions
 incentives that represent variable consideration and separate performance obligations. The Company accounts for sales rewards as a separate performance obligation of the transactions
We expense sales commissions and credit card fees during the period in which the corresponding revenue is earned.  These costs are deferred along with the revenues for goods that are in transit and not received by clients by period end.  These costs are recorded in selling
The nature
 amount
 timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows from our revenues amongst contracts
 product offerings and clients do not differentiate and are recognized consistently based on policies discussed above. In addition
 effective January 1
 2018
 we changed how we internally and externally report our revenues to simplify and align with changes in how we manage our business
VIA business and the significance this business represents to the overall results of the Company.  We considered the following factors in making this decision: the nature of business activities overlapping amongst previous defined sales channels
 The Company determines if an arrangement is a lease at inception and categorize leases with contractual terms longer than twelve months as either operating or finance. All the Company&#8217;s leases are operating leases. The right-of-use (&#8220;ROU&#8221;) assets represent the Company&#8217;s right to use an underlying asset for the lease term
 and lease liabilities represent an obligation to make lease payments arising from the lease. ROU assets and lease liabilities are recognized at the lease commencement date based on the present value of lease payments over the lease term. As most of the Company&#8217;s leases do not provide an implicit interest rate
 the Company uses its incremental borrowing rate based on the information 
Advertising costs are expensed as incurred
 except for the preparation
 layout
 design and production of advertising costs which are expensed when the advertisement is first used. Advertising expense
 excluding broker fees
 for the&#160;years ended December&#160;31
 2019
 2018 and 2017
 million
 million
The Company incurs research and development costs in connection with the development of new products and programs
 million
 million in research and development expense for the&#160;years ended December&#160;31
 2019
 2018 and 2017
Share-based compensation consists primarily of restricted stock awards
 market and performance-based share awards
 and stock options granted to employees and directors. Restricted stock awards are measured at the grant date
 based on the calculated fair value of the award
The benefit of a tax position is recognized in the consolidated financial statements in the period during which
 based on all available evidence
 management believes it is more-likely-than-not that the position will be sustained upon examination
 including the resolution of appeals or litigation processes
We evaluated our tax positions and determined that we did not have any material uncertain tax positions. Our policy is to recognize interest and penalties accrued on uncertain tax positions as part of income tax expense. For the&#160;years ended December&#160;31
 2019
 2018 and 2017
 no material estimated interest or penalties were recognized for the uncertainty of certain tax positions. We file income tax returns in the United States
 and various states and foreign jurisdictions. We are generally no longer subject to United States federal
Deferred tax assets are recognized for deductible temporary differences and deferred tax liabilities are recognized for taxable temporary differences. Temporary differences are the differences between the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and their tax bases. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance when
 in the opinion of management
Other comprehensive income refers to revenues
 expenses
 gains and losses that are not included in net income but rather are recorded directly in stockholders&#8217; equity. Comprehensive income consists of net income
 unrealized gains and losses on available-for-sale securities and foreign currency translation adjustments.
In February 2018
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&quot;FASB&quot;) issued Accounting Standards Update (&quot;ASU&quot;) 2018-02
 to address a specific consequence of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (&#8220;TCJA&#8221;) by allowing a reclassification from accumulated other comprehensive income to retained earnings for stranded tax effects resulting from the TCJA&#8217;s reduction of the U.S. federal corporate income tax rate. This ASU was effective for all entities for annual periods beginning after December 15
 2018
 with early adoption permitted
In February 2016
 the FASB issued ASU 2016-02
 
 which requires an entity to recognize a ROU asset and a lease liability on the balance sheet for all leases
 including operating leases
 and also requires disclosures about the amount
 timing and uncertainty of cash flows arising from leases. Subsequent to the issuance of Topic 842
On January 1
 2019
 the Company adopted ASC 842 using the modified retrospective method for all lease arrangements at the beginning of the period of adoption. Results for reporting periods beginning January 1
 2019 are presented under ASC 842

 Leases
 but did not have a significant impact on the Company&#8217;s consolidated results of operations or cash flows. The most significant impact was the recognition of ROU assets and lease liabilities for operating leases. For leases that commenced before the effective date of ASC 842
As a result of the cumulative impact of adopting ASC 842
 million
 million as of January 1
 2019
 primarily related to office and warehouse space and certain equipment
We have considered all new accounting pronouncements and have concluded that there are no new pronouncements that may have a material impact on our results of operations
 financial condition
 or cash flows
 based on current information
In August 2018
 the FASB issued ASU 2018-15

 
 2019
In December 2019
 the FASB issued ASU 2019-12

 
 the methodology for calculating income taxes in an interim period and the recognition of deferred tax liabilities for outside basis differences related to changes in ownership of equity method investments and foreign subsidiaries. The standard also simplifies aspects of accounting for franchise taxes and enacted changes in tax laws or rates and clarifies the accounting for transactions that result in a step-up in the tax basis of goodwill and 
allocating consolidated income taxes to separate financial statements of entities not subject to income tax. This ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2020
 with early adoption permitted. Upon adoption
Inventories consist principally of packaged meal replacements held in the Company&#8217;s warehouses.  Inventory is stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value
 utilizing the first-in
 first-out method. The cost of finished goods includes the cost of raw materials
 packaging supplies
December 31
December 31
10
11
4
1
4
2
31
25
1
1
48
38
4. PROPERTY
Property
 plant
December 31
December 31
12
12
17
12
17
28
Property
49
54
23
34
Property
26
19
Depreciation expense for the&#160;years ended December&#160;31
 2019
 million
 million
 respectively.
December 31
December 31
22
19
13
10
13
9
10
8
5
5
4
3
4
2
1
1
76
60
The following table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted EPS for the&#160;years ended December&#160;31
 2019
 2018 and 2017 (in thousands
77
55
27
11
11
11
12
12
12
088
 


 2019
 2018 and 2017
 respectively. The calculation of diluted earnings per share for the&#160;years ended December&#160;31
 2019
 2018 and 2017 also excluded 
 antidilutive restricted stock awards
On May&#160;18
 2017
 the stockholders of the Company approved the Medifast



600
000
The Company implemented a stock repurchase plan on September 16
 2014 (the &#8220;Stock Repurchase Plan&#8221;). On September 12
 2019

000
296

 2019. As of December 31
 2019

369

 if any
On November 21
 2019
 the Company adopted a limited duration stockholder rights plan (the &#8220;Rights Plan&#8221;)
 as amended on December 13
 2019
 and declared a dividend of one right for each outstanding share of Medifast common stock.&#160; The Rights Plan expires on October 21
 2020
The Company has issued non-qualified and incentive stock options to employees and nonemployee directors. The fair value of these options are estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model
 which requires estimates of the expected term of the option
 the risk-free interest rate
 the expected volatility of the price of the Company&#8217;s common stock
 and dividend yield. Options outstanding as of December&#160;31
. Due to the Company&#8217;s lack of option exercise history
 the expected term is calculated using the simplified method defined as the midpoint between the vesting period and the contractual term of each option. The risk free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect on the date of grant that most closely corresponds to the expected term of the option. The expected volatility is based on the historical volatility of the Company&#8217;s common stock over the period of time equivalent to the expected term for each award. The dividend yield is computed as the annualized dividend rate at the grant date divided by the strike price of the stock option. For the year ended December 31
 2019
 the Company did not grant stock options. The weighted average input assumptions used for the&#160;years ended December&#160;31
 2018 and 2017 were as follows:
The number of stock options and weighted-average exercise prices as of December&#160;31
As of December&#160;31
 2019
 million for exercisable options. The unrecognized compensation expense calculated under the fair value method for shares expected to vest as of December&#160;31
 million in cash proceeds from the exercise of stock options during the&#160;years ended December&#160;31
 2019 and 2018
 respectively. Upon exercising of options
 thousand for the years ended December 31
 2019 and 2018
 respectively. The total intrinsic value of options exercised during the&#160;years ended December&#160;31
 million
 after the date of grant.  The fair value of the restricted stock is equal to the market price of the Company&#8217;s common stock on the date of grant. Expense for restricted stock is amortized ratably over the vesting period.  A summary of outstanding restricted stock and award activity as of December&#160;31
The total fair value of restricted stock awards vested during the&#160;years ended December&#160;31
 2019
 million
 million
 million
The total share-based compensation charged against income during the&#160;years ended December&#160;31
 2019
 million
 million
 million
 million
 million during the years ended December 31
 2019
 2018 and 2017
 respectively. Also included in the years ended December 31
 2019
 million
 respectively


 2019. Included for each of the years ended December 31
 2019
210

 2019 based on the achievement of certain Company performance targets. Included for the year ended December 31
17
780
 million
 million for the&#160;years ended December&#160;31
 2019
 2018 and 2017
 million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to restricted stock awards as of December&#160;31
 2019
17

 2019
The following table sets forth the components of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)
December 31
December 31
Certain financial assets and liabilities are accounted for at fair value
Level 2&#160;&#8211; Pricing inputs are other than quoted prices in active markets included in Level 1
 which are either directly or indirectly observable as of the reporting date. Level 2 includes those financial instruments that are valued using models or other valuation methodologies.
December 31
36
36
36
35
35
35
5
5
5
2
2
2
43
43
40
2
12
12
12
92
92
76
15
December 31
35
35
35
40
40
40
5
5
5
2
2
2
48
48
45
2
16
16
16
100
101
81
19
 realized losses or gains for the&#160;years ended December&#160;31
 2019
 2018 and 2017
 respectively. As of December&#160;31
 2019
 2018
 and 2017
 gross unrealized losses and gains related to individual securities that had been in a continuous loss position for 12&#160;months or longer were not significant. The maturities of the Company&#8217;s investment securities generally range up to 
Income tax expense for the years ended December&#160;31
 2019
11
16
12
1
1
12
17
13
2
2
1
2
14
14
12
The total provision for income taxes for the&#160;years ended December&#160;31
 2019
 million
 million
14
14
12
Stockholders&#39; equity
14
14
12
December 31
December 31
1
2
2
5
4
1
3
1
4
1
1
2
980
The reconciliation of the United States federal statutory tax provision to the Company&#8217;s provision for income taxes for the&#160;years ended December&#160;31
 2019
 2018 and 2017 (in thousands
19
14
14
State income taxes
6
1
1
1
14
14
12
On December&#160;22
 2017
 the President of the United States signed into law the TCJA. It amends the Internal Revenue Code to reduce tax rates and modify policies
 credits
 and deductions for individuals and businesses. For businesses
% rate. The rate reduction took effect on January&#160;1
% under the TCJA
 million
 which had been recorded as a reduction of income tax expense in the Company&#8217;s consolidated statements of income for the&#160;year ended December&#160;31
In addition
 the 2019
 2018 and 2017 effective tax rate was impacted by the excess tax benefit from share-based compensation activity which is reflected as a reduction of the provision for income taxes. In 2019 and 2018
 the effective tax rate was also impacted by the Company&#8217;s research and development credits. However
The Company has operating leases for office and warehouse space and certain equipment. In certain of the Company&#8217;s lease agreements
 the rental payments are adjusted periodically based on defined terms within the lease. The Company did not have any finance leases as of December 31
 2019 and for the twelve-month period then ended. 
The Company&#8217;s warehouse agreement also contains non-lease components
 in the form of payments towards variable logistics services and labor charges
For the year ended December 31
 2019
 expense associated with operating leases was $
Year ended December 31
3
3
As of December 31
 2019
The following table presents the maturity of the Company&#8217;s operating lease liabilities as of December 31
3
3
3
1
1
1
14
1
13
As previously disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31
 2018
 and under the previous lease accounting standard
1
1
1
1
1
2
9
At December&#160;31
 2019
 the Company had $
(in thousands
165
187
190
170
125
140
142
128
25
27
20
18
20
21
15
19
98
117
139
145
74
88
107
109
14
17
17
20
12
14
13
15
Earnings per share (sometimes referred to as &#8220;EPS&#8221;) is computed independently for each of the quarters presented; accordingly
There were no disagreements with the Company&#8217;s independent auditors
 regarding accounting and financial disclosures for the fiscal&#160;year ended December&#160;31
In accordance with Exchange Act Rule&#160;13a-15(e)
 we carried out an evaluation
 under the supervision and with the participation of management
 including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
 of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as required by Exchange Act Rule&#160;13a-15(b)&#160;as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based upon that evaluation
 our management has concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December&#160;31
Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our financial reporting for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. Internal control over financial reporting includes maintaining records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect our transactions
 providing reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary for preparation of our financial statements
 providing reasonable assurance that receipts and expenditures of Company assets are made in accordance with management authorization
 and providing reasonable assurance that unauthorized acquisition
 use or disposition of Company assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements would be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Because of its inherent limitations
 internal control over financial reporting is not intended to provide absolute assurance that a misstatement of our financial statements would be prevented or detected.
 issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in 2013. Based on this evaluation
 our management concluded that the Company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December&#160;31
The effectiveness of the Company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting as of December&#160;31
 2019
 was audited by RSM US LLP
 our independent registered public accounting firm
No change in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules&#160;13a-15(f)&#160;and 15d-15(f)&#160;under the Exchange Act) occurred during the last fiscal quarter that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
Our management
 including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
 does not expect that our disclosure controls or our internal controls will prevent or detect all errors and all fraud. A control system
 no matter how well designed and operated
 can provide only reasonable
 not absolute
 assurance that the control system&#8217;s objectives will be met. Further
 the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints
 and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems
 no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud
 if any
 within the Company have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty
 and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Controls can also be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons
 by collusion of two or more people
 or by management override of the controls. The design of any system of controls is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events
 and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Over time
 controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or deterioration in the degree of compliance with associated policies or procedures. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system
ITEM&#160;10. DIRECTORS
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
13.  CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS
The Consolidated Financial Statements of Medifast
 Inc. and related notes
 together with the Reports of RSM US LLP dated March 2
 2020
 are included in Part II
None
Restated and Amended Certificate of Incorporation of Medifast
&#160;Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit&#160;3.1 of the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form&#160;8-K (File No.&#160;001-31573) filed on February&#160;27
Amended and Restated Bylaws of Medifast
&#160;Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit&#160;3.1 to the Company&#8217;s Amendment No. 1 Current Report on Form&#160;8-K (File No.&#160;001-31573) filed on December 4
Certificate of Designations of Series E Junior Participating Preferred Stock of Medifast
 Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-31573) filed on November 22
 2019).
Medifast
 Inc. and American Stock Transfer &amp; Trust Company
 LLC Rights Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-31573) filed on November 22
First Amendment to Rights Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-31573) filed on December 13
Amended and Restated 2012 Share Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit&#160;10.1 to the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form&#160;8-K (File No.&#160;001-31573) filed on May&#160;10
Form&#160;of Restricted Share Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit&#160;10.2 to the Company&#8217;s Annual Report on Form&#160;10-K (File No.&#160;001-31573) filed on March&#160;15
Form&#160;of Incentive Stock Option Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit&#160;99.1 of the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form&#160;8-K (File No.&#160;001-31573) filed on February&#160;4
Form&#160;of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit&#160;10.4 to the Company&#8217;s Annual Report on Form&#160;10-K (File No.&#160;001-31573) filed on March&#160;15
Form&#160;of Performance-Based Deferred Share Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit&#160;10.5 to the Company&#8217;s Annual Report on Form&#160;10-K (File No.&#160;001-31573) filed on March&#160;15
Cooperation Agreement dated April&#160;3
 2015
 by and among the Company
 Engaged Capital LLC
 and the persons set forth on the signature pages&#160;thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit&#160;10.1 to the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form&#160;8-K (File No.&#160;001-31573) filed on April&#160;6
Medifast
 Inc. Amended and Restated 2012 Share Incentive Plan Grant Notice Performance Share Unit (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Company&#8217;s Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-31573) filed on March 1
Medifast
 Inc. Amended and Restated 2012 Share Incentive Plan Grant Notice Employee Deferred Shares (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Company&#8217;s Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-31573) filed on March 1
Medifast
 Inc. Amended and Restated 2012 Share Incentive Plan Grant Notice Nonemployee Director Deferred Shares (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Company&#8217;s Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-31573) filed on March 1
Medifast
 Inc. Amended and Restated 2012 Share Incentive Plan Grant Notice Nonemployee Director Deferred Share Cash Equivalent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the Company&#8217;s Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-31573) filed on March 1
Medifast
 Inc. Executive Severance Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&#8217;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-31573) filed on November 8
Subsidiaries of Medifast
Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Item&#160;601(b)(31) of Regulation S-K
Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Item&#160;601(b)(31) of Regulation S-K
 as adopted pursuant to Section&#160;302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith).
The following financial statements from Medifast
&#160;Inc.&#8217;s Annual Report on Form&#160;10-K for the&#160;year ended December&#160;31
 2019
 filed March&#160;2
 2020
 formatted in Inline XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i)&#160;Consolidated Statements of Income
 (ii)&#160;Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income
 (iii)&#160;Consolidated Balance Sheets
 (iv)&#160;Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
 (v)&#160;Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders&#8217; Equity and (vi)&#160;Notes&#160;to the Consolidated Financial Statements (filed herewith).
Pursuant to the requirements of Section&#160;13 or 15(d)&#160;of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
MEDIFAST
March&#160;2
March&#160;2
 2020
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
March&#160;2
March&#160;2
March&#160;2
March&#160;2
March&#160;2
March&#160;2
March&#160;2
March&#160;2
March&#160;2
March&#160;2
March 2
March&#160;2
 2020















			med_Ex4_1


	

			
		

			
		

			
		

			
		


 2019
 Medifast
 Inc. has two classes of securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended: (i) our common stock
 par value $0.001 per share (&#x201C;common stock&#x201D;)

		


&#x201D; &#x201C;we
&#x201D; &#x201C;our&#x201D; and &#x201C;us&#x201D; and similar references mean Medifast
 Inc. excluding
 unless the context otherwise requires or otherwise expressly stated

		


 and does not purport to be complete.&nbsp;&nbsp;For a complete description of the terms and provisions of such securities
 refer to our Restated and Amended Certificate of Incorporation (our &#x201C;Charter&#x201D;)
 Amended and Restated Bylaws (our &#x201C;Bylaws&#x201D;) and the Rights Agreement (as defined below).&nbsp;&nbsp;This summary description is qualified in its entirety by reference to these documents
 each of which is included as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K to which this exhibit is a part

		

			
		


 the total number of shares of all classes of capital stock which we are authorized to issue is 21
500
000 shares
 consisting of: (9) 20
000
000 shares of common stock and (ii) 1
500
000 shares of preferred stock
 par value $0.001 per share (&#x201C;preferred stock&#x201D;)
 of which 150
000 shares are designated as Series D Junior Participating Preferred Stock and . 150

		

			
		

			
		


 including the election of directors
 and do not have cumulative voting rights.&nbsp;&nbsp;Shares representing a majority of the votes entitled to be cast on a matter
 represented in person or by proxy
 will constitute a quorum at all meetings of stockholders. Except as otherwise provided in our Charter
 our Bylaws
 a preferred stock designation or by law
 the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast at a meeting of stockholders by the holders of stock entitled to vote thereat will be the act of the stockholders
 provided that
 with respect to the election of directors
 if the number of nominees exceeds the number of directors to be elected

		

			
		

			
		

			
		

		

			
		

			
		


 the holders of our outstanding shares of common stock are entitled to receive ratably dividends
 if any

		



		


 dissolution or winding up
 holders of our common stock will be entitled to share ratably in the net assets legally available for distribution to stockholders after the payment of all of our debts and other liabilities
 subject to the satisfaction of any liquidation preference granted to the holders of any outstanding shares of preferred stock.&nbsp;&nbsp;Holders of our common stock have no preemptive
 conversion or subscription rights
 and there are no redemption or sinking fund provisions applicable to our common stock.&nbsp;&nbsp;The rights
 preferences and privileges of the holders of our common stock are subject to
 and may be adversely affected by

		

			
		


 our Board has the authority
 without further action by the stockholders to designate and issue up to 1
500
000 shares of preferred stock in one or more series
 to determine or alter the rights
 preferences
 privileges and restrictions granted to or imposed upon any wholly unissued series of preferred stock and the number of shares constituting any such series and the designation thereof
 or any of them; and to increase or decrease the number of shares of any series subsequent to the issuance of that series

		


 in some cases
 as a series) on an amendment to our Charter if the amendment would change the par value
 the number of authorized shares of the class or the powers
 preferences or special rights of the class or series so as to adversely affect the class or series

		


 while providing flexibility in connection with possible acquisitions and other corporate purposes
 could
 among other things
 have the effect of delaying
 deferring or preventing a change in our control and may adversely affect the market price of the common stock and the voting and other rights of the holders of common stock.&nbsp;&nbsp;Additionally

		

			
		

			
		

			
		

		

			
		

			
		

			
		


 2019
 we entered into the Rights Agreement
 dated as of November 21
 2019 (the &#x201C;Rights Agreement&#x201D;)
 by and between the Company and American Stock Transfer &amp; Trust Company
 LLC

		

			
		


 our Board declared a dividend distribution of one Right for each outstanding share of our common stock to stockholders of record as of the close of business on December 21
 2019 (the &#x201C;Record Date&#x201D;).&nbsp;&nbsp;In addition
 one Right will automatically attach to each share of common stock issued between the Record Date and the Distribution Date (defined below).&nbsp;&nbsp;Each Right entitles the registered holder thereof to purchase one one-thousandth of a share of our Series E Preferred Stock at an exercise price of $310.00 per share (the &#x201C;Exercise Price&#x201D;)
 subject to adjustment
 under certain conditions specified in the Rights Agreement and summarized below. This portion of a share of Series E Preferred Stock will give the stockholder approximately the same dividend
 voting
 and liquidation rights as would one share of common stock. Prior to exercise
 the Right does not give its holder any dividend
 voting

		

			
		


 the Rights are not exercisable and are attached to and trade with all shares of common stock outstanding as of
 and issued subsequent to
 the Record Date.&nbsp;&nbsp;The Rights will separate from the common stock and will become exercisable upon the close of business on the tenth business day following the first date of public announcement that a person or group of affiliated or associated persons has acquired beneficial ownership (as defined in the Rights Agreement) of 10% or more of the outstanding shares of common stock (the &#x201C;Distribution Date&#x201D;)

		


 exchange or expiration of the Rights)
 the common stock certificates (or registration on the Company&#x2019;s stock ledger) will also evidence the Rights
 and any transfer of shares of common stock will constitute a transfer of Rights. After the Distribution Date

		

			
		

 If a person or group becomes an Acquiring Person
 all holders of Rights except the Acquiring Person shall thereafter have the right to receive
 upon exercise
 that number of shares of common stock (or
 in certain circumstances
 cash

		

			
		

			
		

			
		

		

			
		

 If the Company is later acquired in a merger or similar transaction after the Distribution Date
 all holders of Rights except the Acquiring Person shall thereafter have the right to receive
 upon exercise

		

 Shares held by affiliates and associates of an Acquiring Person
 and notional shares that are the subject of or the reference securities for
 underlie
 or are beneficially owned
 directly or indirectly
 by a counterparty under
 a derivatives contract with an Acquiring Person

		

			
		



		

			
		

will entitle its holder to quarterly dividend payments of $0.001 per share
 or an amount equal to the dividend paid on one share of common stock

		

will entitle its holder upon liquidation either to receive $1.00 or an amount equal to the payment made on one share of common stock

		

			
		

if shares of the common stock are exchanged via merger
 consolidation
 or a similar transaction

		

			
		

			
		



		

			
		


 it must redeem all of the Rights. Once the Rights are redeemed

		

			
		


 but before an Acquiring Person owns 50% or more of the outstanding common stock

		

			
		

			
		

			
		

		

			
		



		

			
		


 the number of Series E Preferred Stock issuable and the number of outstanding Rights to prevent dilution that may occur from a stock dividend
 a stock split

		

			
		



		

			
		


 the holder thereof
 as such
 will have no separate rights as a stockholder of the Company
 including
 without limitation
 the right to vote or to receive dividends in respect of the Rights. Although the distribution of the Rights will not be taxable to stockholders or to the Company
 stockholders may
 depending upon the circumstances

		

			
		


 the overall effect of the Rights may be to render more difficult or discourage a merger

		

			
		

			
		


 Section 203 prohibits a publicly held Delaware corporation from engaging in &#x201C;business combination&#x201D; transactions with any &#x201C;interested stockholder&#x201D; for a period of three years following the time that the stockholder became an interested stockholder

		

prior to the time the stockholder became an interested stockholder

		

			
		

			
		

			
		

		

			
		

upon consummation of the transaction which resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder
 the interested stockholder owned at least 85% of the voting stock of the corporation outstanding at the time the transaction commenced

		

at or subsequent to the time that the stockholder became an interested stockholder

		


 among other things and in general and subject to exceptions
 a merger of the corporation with the interested stockholder; a sale of 10% or more of the market value of the corporation&#x2019;s consolidated assets to the interested stockholder; certain transactions that result in the issuance of the corporation&#x2019;s stock to the interested stockholder; a transaction that has the effect of increasing the proportionate share of the corporation&#x2019;s stock owned by the interested stockholder; and any receipt by the interested stockholder of loans
 guarantees or other financial benefits provided by the corporation. An &#x201C;interested stockholder&#x201D; is defined to include
 in general and subject to exceptions

		


 Section 203 could delay
 deter or prevent a merger
 change of control or other takeover of our company that our stockholders might consider to be in their best interests
 including transactions that might result in a premium being paid over the market price of our common stock

		

			
		


 including transactions in which stockholders might otherwise receive a premium for their shares or transactions that our stockholders might otherwise deem to be in their best interests.&nbsp;&nbsp;Therefore
 these provisions could adversely affect the price of our common stock.&nbsp;&nbsp;Among other things

		

permit our Board to issue up to 1
500
000 shares of preferred stock
 with any rights

		

			
		

			
		

			
		

		

			
		

			
		

provide that any vacancies resulting from death
 resignation
 retirement
 disqualification
 removal from office or other cause
 as well as newly created directorships
 may
 except as otherwise required by law and subject to the rights of the holders of any series of preferred stock
 be filled by the affirmative vote of a majority of directors then in office
 even if less than a quorum
 or by a sole remaining director

		

provide that no action taken by our stockholders by written consent will be effective until independent inspectors engaged by the Company for the purpose of performing a ministerial review of the validity of the consents and revocations have completed their review
 determined that the requisite number of valid and unrevoked consents delivered to the Company in accordance with our Bylaws and applicable law have been obtained to authorize or take the action specified in the consents

		

provide that stockholders seeking to present proposals before a meeting of stockholders or to nominate candidates for election as directors at a meeting of stockholders must provide notice in writing in a timely manner
 and also specify requirements as to the form and content of a stockholder&#x2019;s notice; do not provide for cumulative voting rights (therefore allowing the holders of a majority of the shares of our common stock entitled to vote in any election of directors to elect all of the directors standing for election
 if they should so choose); and provide that special meetings of our stockholders may be called only by (1) our Chairman of the Board
 our President or our Secretary when directed to do so by resolution of the Board

		


 subject to certain limitations as set forth in our Charter

		

			
		
		

			
		
















			med_Ex21_1


	

			
		



		
		
			


						



						



						


			


						



						



						


			



 Inc.



						



						


			



 Inc.



						



						


			



 Inc.



						



						


			



 LLC



						



						


			



 Inc.



						



						


			



 Inc.



						




 Canada


			


VIA
 LLC



						



						


			


VIA Health Consultation (Shanghai) Co.
 Ltd.



						




 China


			


						



						



						


			


						



						



						


			



 LLC



						



						


		

			
		
		















			med_Ex23_1


	

			
		

			
		


 Inc. of our reports dated March 2
 2020 relating to the consolidated financial statements
 and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Medifast
 Inc.
 appearing in the Annual Report to Shareholders
 which is incorporated in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Medifast
 Inc. for the year ended December 31

		

			
		



		



		
		















			med_Ex31_1


	

			
		

			
		


 Daniel R. Chard

		
		

				
			
		


 Inc.;
		

				
			
		


 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;
		

				
			
		


 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;
		

				
			
		

			
		

				
			
		


 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;
		

				
			
		


 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;
		

				
			
		


 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and
		

				
			
		


 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&#x2019;s internal control over financial reporting; and
		

				
			
		


 based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&#x2019;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&#x2019;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):
		

				
			
		


 process
 summarize and report financial information; and
		

				
			
		


 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&#x2019;s internal control over financial reporting.
		
			


						



						



						



						


			


						




 2020



						



						


			


						



						



						



						


			


						



						



						



						


		

			
		
		















			med_Ex31_2


	

			
		

			
		


 Timothy G. Robinson

		
		

				
			
		


 Inc.;
		

				
			
		


 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;
		

				
			
		


 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;
		

				
			
		

			
		

				
			
		


 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;
		

				
			
		


 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;
		

				
			
		


 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and
		

				
			
		


 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&#x2019;s internal control over financial reporting; and
		

				
			
		


 based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&#x2019;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&#x2019;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):
		

				
			
		


 process
 summarize and report financial information; and
		

				
			
		


 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&#x2019;s internal control over financial reporting.
		
			


						




 2020



						



						


			


						



						



						



						


			


						



						



						



						


		

			
		
		















			med_Ex32


	

			
		



		

			
		



		

			
		

			
		


 Inc. (the &#x201C;Company&#x201D;) on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31
 2019 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the &#x201C;Report&#x201D;)
 I
 Daniel R. Chard
 Chief Executive Officer
 and I
 Timothy G. Robinson
 Chief Financial Officer
 certify
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 to the best of my knowledge

		
		

				
			
		


 as amended; and
		

				
			
		


 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of the operations of the Company.
		
			


						



						



						


			


						



						



						


			


						



						



						


			


						



						



						


			


						



March 2
 2020



						


			


						



						



						


			


						



						



						


			


						



						



						


			


						



						



						


			


						



						



						


			


						



						



						


			


						



March 2
 2020



						


		

			
		
		










begin 644 med-20191231x10kab6561004.jpg

MVP!# 0D)0P+#!@-#1@R(1PA,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R
M,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C+_P  1 
6 W8# 2(  A$! Q$!_\0

M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#W^BBB@ HH


M5 &AK'B31M 6(ZKJ
%KYK;4\QN6.


M#D#/IDYH ]-UCQEX=\/W(M]6U:WM)2NX+*2./RK1TW4[+6+&.^T^YCN;6092
M6
Y!K@-0M1\0/ ^B17J@27]O)RP^Z^
!OSYKD?@GXE.AC6_#&JNT36#--&K]


M&@#O]/\ '/AC5+U+.RUJUFN'&5C#$$CVS6[+(D
3RR
%C12S






^'O'EMX6T1O!OCCPY-;VR)Y9F


PT 9


M^SG!J%X=URS1K(V/O$



/#+RPH!J=D




MU2


C@D EE]!6MX;TU_$_QLN/%7AY!

\3V*VVH6


M#_AV6.+6-5MK-Y!E%E;!(KQ;X8W



4S*J@=!A: /3K7Q[X6OIU@MM;MI)6

M/K@5Y+HF!^TUJ7/\





MC%=1-9NNY9MV%(]:\5^ 

E4OB_<-'X@T#P';%X=(
M8)(R*V-VYR



H**


7Q!9I

_=^7&BX:+&-V=




E).JA
MPZ =2*];HH XS4Y;K1;W2+/3_#FHWUK9(1YMN(]O(QCYG!SQG\:Y75?AM=7


Q'&&)S^%:
M^L/KM_X6?0]9\(/JEZ8L)/ 4:WW8P2Q# COA:]*HH \M3X2BY^%D/AB]NE%
MXCF=94)*I(1T'M4_AC4O%7A7P['H5_X6OK^:P7R8+FS:
Q2J. ?F8']*]+HH
#@?-R1S4WC33_$7Q
M)MK?0HM$NM'T\R+)<W-\4S@'.%
V3QWQ7JU-=TC1G=E5%&2S'  H \I^(?A





1R0@?81VY/:L?X3P^
O!D-SI6I^%[]].DD




(Z




M[O3%# RSZ@4 V^B!&;+?7 KG/B_X%U#Q?I%G/I95[VQ?S!$QQY@]![UZ#=:E



9M&ELKC3+



1@^Y
MKRG3])\36OQBNO%C^$]3^P3;@$!BWC)')&_';UKV^'4K&XG:]MY9EZQI*K
M
M<!\

K/%Y32LT?D*W3=G=NQ^%6OAE\/E\Z1



860;E.5^;./E

E]-E%M6





  C'+ YY]*]0HH Y#X


M;*P#G'&1GCI[UZ[10!R*WFJ^)Y(+270KS2K:.1)II;PIEBI# (%9L\@9SCBN
M/^-NCZ[XIT^TTO1]!O+IH9/



_!-QX'&K

M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444



_X0;Q.O
MAVSTM;[2

QMB2KJ^[ YY

M_=QUH S-/^(6OW-MI^H76C6UO97%\;.5?



V9%.[G)!8?C

%AYNG7%SY

<&O1+3[5]EC^V^3]HQ\_DYV9]L\UP__ W





M'ICF@#D_&=ZVI^
-/FBB@DTB=6TY[N[CW1PR9/S(

8:;%9ZAH7
MARQT'2YDUV_9I+J&U:)4C$Q+;I
 
-O&
2SF-[96&0S%CG=WRQK<O/M?V23[81<[?W9G
M!*9]\<XH X;2;S^QI=1L[[0;*RU:W@,L-U;(MTG<AC\V1WSZBLN&+3?WA


MDYYYQP*RK#P;J$

MN.: /*]%UF3P=\/9-1TO18;B5]4EB?9MCPIE*C/0GL!_A75VGBZ_MM1U2UUV
MS@A^R6HNT^SL2=AQ\C9_BY XXK%_X03Q/_PB


&6?4[SXA^$=5U
7*ZCY<\]#T(XZBL=_$WA2ZUT6DEJLMP
MTQA^U/99B\P9^7S2,9&.O6HO!\<


=


Q2'
M[N

MZKKUQX?N/&-OK$JFWNRHT[ 




$$;







=N/PJ6ZM+


M=)H7B73/$4
KZ?*Q:)MLL4J%)(S_ +2GD?C6O7EDEOK7A6V\0^*;NUBAO]3F

MIS[U)I'B+3M;:1+.5O-B 
D4B%'CSV93R#[&N3\*2K+\3O%BWP'VU#$+8-U$

\4 =U17E&GZQK


@#TBBO
H-6UF2?P3


C@B@#U^BH+*=KJPMKAAM:



P'89 '%:=% '
1^!M/@U*:[M;W4

P$+N


17$=O*%250

MX;LKGP]_8D

M-MQ@#CI6Y10!2TS2K32+06]HA SN=V.6=CR68]R3S67KGA&VU[4K.^GU+4H'



MU1M3AUJSB:^
XMI5\N?!&01D]/7M7J%% *H10JC@8 ':EHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B



M;S#
QQ\QX&W[O3GK7I-% !61JR(MUI95%!-V.@_V&K7K*UC_ (^=+_Z^Q_Z
MU &K1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4451U/6-.T:!9M1O(K:

MMPP6?46LW)P%N(F!_04 =[1698^(M&U*

CI0 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110

M@DMO
C


M
D6&;KC:1QVK(TWX.&R\(7VF-J.-1DNOM





M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH

M4$9%9=WX7T_5EN=&L)=PQEK=?SQ6M10!YSJ'P5\)W4IGLXKC3[@])+:9EQ


O3TN+)C&0?H./TH [NBO)?[/^)7@D V5U%XBT




.64-P#SQG'U% '






M;3L55MQZ*^#C ]J;I?A/Q/H]GK&KV


M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%4=


Z#@M%(& _*FVVH65XS+:WEO.R

M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***@O+RWT^SFN[J58H(D+N['

.

M
P52S$!0


M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444

M'_H#4 :M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %


MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB





M



M01K'%&H5$48 'H*DH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHK/U77-



MSY/N3:BXQ%%ZX)ZFCPS\&Y?#MP-0@\1RKJ#C+NUG%*%;.3M+@D=: 



&^


'VKS:&^O-3\*ZI=PI
M)::'JNL116\ &P!
@

MQ_Q\Z7_U]C_T!J -6BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH


M\5W



M?
J'_9%=^    
 =J 


MFQ&OLWJ*]/T[2['2;5;:PM

MPQCJSM@4 3T53T[5M/U:)Y=/O(+J-&V



-PMV\P[?\ OJ@#Z'HKSZ^.?@LQ/#%=7KR,I ,5N3C\:\L9K#4Y&DN)?%F
MI*QR#WE_P#LIH ^E[C5+US]HO((L==\@%-L=7TW4V=;_M[DI]X0R!MOUQ
M7SM!I%@





M-2MR.GFD/0!ZI16+X7TK4M'TA;75=6?4[@
3Y[KM..PQ6'XNO/B!::E&WAFP
MTVYT_P O]X)R?



5E:374[!8H4+N3V &3

MY\/HB!_+&0C[SGCN2

MV\.E^7(T\TIWRJH&0B]

M[KJWT.:%D1SA74_0UXA+J]OX4T?7M+30;;1?$


MCA8D!VD&#C@U!J7C_P *:22M[KEI&P_AWY-?.&J^+M$2SU2\L#+/JNJI-%=1



/X
MEB&:WD@AC4!(D4#IA10!\UR2_&;Q#)DQ:C! _94
S %OH=G


5T%% '&CP&L6@V5M;7OD:I9
[07R


MXH\)Z?::04;


MGA?PZ&M-7OXS(Z9-NGS.5/M7!:WX9\+ZGX6MM8\*^#'O'NV&U8@8F0'^(]:F




M

Q_
MW5Z=SZ9KU^$2
3

M_P#K['_H#4 :M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44'I7DNCIH*^#['5]

J*68A0.I)Q7@(\












B-








MHP!0!YMI^I_$_5-8B:32K#3-/63]ZLS[G9?8XK0\2?#J?Q/K4EU=^)M0CL'


%51[D]*YO


M GHJ
7$!Z31G_@0J.34+*(XDN[=#Z-(!_6@Q16;=^(=&L4+76JV46!G#3J

M. 22#AKN90RCUZXKF[_Q/?:OJ#67B+QU)!MD\M[?3+=U9#G!&X+@\^] 'O.J
M^+_#VB1&34=7M80.HW[C^0R:X:]^
T5S)]G\
Z#J&JS-PD@CVQ'\3BN7U6V^











+%(@L64V@#MD?XT:!\./#'AT*UKIL4DPZS3CS&)

MGV]LH&
I& Q^IZFM.B@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** N



[
MDKSGTZUR\3M'\$='L5=A'=:@D
I!P60M@@_6O4?#



MX

M=&L&M)P)(YR2L'&!M[X&,FO1YO!7AF?/F:+9G/78_E0!YG)^TCH2@;-%OG



3RH
MOO
EJQQ^E2^'O'OQ'\4:O#IT5X;*68[4
RZHHE7<NRT7I^\5ZHWQ-UJ%\W?PXU:1N[1
M19_]E-/;XO9 %UX(UI /[\!./_': /)(M;^)%Y82W[2:V;:
[6980#^ VY-=
M#X5LM6\7:LNG/KWB6U9T+&62$J@(&2

M:5/C;X6BSBROHSW M6']* /&+Z/Q
E_-;%/&+B-R@90_S8/7@5)/I.NV+JEY





D


1CFO4#I


P*C\


^OZO
M*1T


MWKF3K?Q?BP)/#.B



MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** LK6/^/G2_\ K['_ * U:M96L?\ 'SI?_7V/_0&H U:*** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ IABC;[T:GZBGT4 0FTMFZV\1^JF'3[(];.W_[]+_A5

MHHH *R=3\
:+K
HEO[.:0?QY*G\P16M10!5T_3;+2K86]C;)!$/X4%6J**
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@*YN8+.WDN+F5(H8U+

$COCFL:S-IJGP?U.R\%0W=Q=W9\JXLMV#$6&&(7L
8


O$JD



M -6BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***CFGBMH'GGE2*
M*,%G=VJH]23TH DHK-T?Q!I.O0R2Z7?07*QG#^6X)7ZCM4UMJVFWL[P6NH6

M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !


M_P#\ Y/\*UZ* 







C_ (2.T_Y][_\ \ Y/\*/^$CM/






2XQ\H8J06]O:
-[FQD@\)Z#\^MZ@-
MN5/^J0]_J?\ &L_2O#*Z%?\ @[PJDZR_9VDU&Y93G+@%3^&7H Z7Q+\4M'T#



M?%JPM;2\\

HP6.UNM97Q:6]U*]U-M0TG4FTRPMA]CECAS$TK
M8R['M@$B@#V'1M2&KZ/::BL1B%Q$L@0G.W(SC-7JYKP!=B[\$Z4PMYX=MNBX


G\Z .EU#Q
M+J

-CECCCKZ


ME ^9@N0
GVJ_KF@^$-;U?3'URX5]0AM3Y%K)+@%2
DXQU_&@#KM+N;^ZM?
U
M'3UL9LX\I9Q





@X/;M7/7?CB+P1\)M'N$4
M27]S;^7:1'^)O4^PR*YRU\



;PVEAI#Q633ZAJP!M;




M?G7/6%AK








&M9OC?:EHEE=71



M33+:[6+_ %8E3.WZ5J44 0VMI;V-K';6L*0P1J%2-!@*!V%3444 %%%% !11


U;HHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ IDT4

M1UT@Z?;G3E7:+;9\@'IBM&B@!D420Q+%$@1$&%4= *?110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !2

M./7-5(/A_P$K8DP^'[!1CY8ATKI** (_(B^S^1Y:^5MV;




M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB



3ZAJ]G%J'AZXL--OY6CLKU
6]SITNG:E9.%N+6
M1MVS/3GB@#KJ*X?Q[X]O/%[I5G8Z(VJW.HNR1QI+L.1C@<'.<U3\.?$J_U#


0]




M]-\-:'H]P]QINDV5I-(

8)(].



M&.HV.KR:WI2:N+*.









M9OJ0*L6.E:?IC3&QLH+8S/OE

*

M.VF76@II_F'REE!+[





EC WQ*Q !SU.
=JW[WQ?-XO^!VNR36L%J;9TBCBA/\ JT\P
M;01@8P

MWLBD0*K''A0HR0 .
4^**.%(8D5(XUHBC 4#@ 4^@#Y9U6Q\(66FWM_HVK
M:BWBY;_



T72]%B:+2]/MK.-SEE@C




\UPN
M@R6'B7P_XGU)=6M=0\3:A9&2:&WS^XA7&$Y'.





O'3@T:=I6GZ/:_9M-LH+2#




M1IY_Y=O*




MZ^T^7SK5K$!) 




'

UU% !1110 4444



 ;JT

M\JT-1\/:-J\



G!SQGM7N%CI]GIEHEK8VT5M;I]V*) JC



]^M?36G

ME_@OP]I.K?%7Q7=ZA8PW
UM-&T)E4-Y; *0P]#GO6[\9+&XFT#3M1AADGBTZ



M


O++(B_WCRX.#UZG^M0;4K2^TC5].@%[!#B650&2X0@8)[]QP10!V











M:KV:+3UN#+!;09?(&U2'8 * 0
CGBK6J:KK/B72M5L)W@L#9Z:9+NWDB27S7

0N$W#E0=PY YH ]!JIJ6IV6
MCV

MXG6MO=?#C73/!'*8K1Y(]Z@[6 X(]#0!N:AK^EZ781WUY=K%;R8V/M+;L^@


M1?WGF










V+1JOD&4JNXXZXW9YK(:;5O#GB;QC=07=C/JJ:1%.)VC6



M?#MSK[^!XKO4W636'A



(#XB


H;G\
M#0!Z99WEO?VD=U:RK+!*NY'7H15)/$6D2QW4D=]'(MI





M:Y?7-OJ%Q_9
TRLD2Q._ (3CJ!V/UJ2/Q=X\CTV[NVLV\AK1IX[B\2%%1@1P

5! )_45YY_PF6O:/=O_ &I/


M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1

MJ\FGM%(BL5CC8

M0]*N=
LXIVM+@L9(Y[AY1SUQN)QZ\=^:DTGPGI&C6MU;V\$DB761*;F5IBRD


EX9YIFE8+V4%B2%'/ XJO









.


/-8LY



P(D./FSNZ\#'I6[J_A
MZPUNTBMKS[0$B^XT
[QN/^!*0:76&N)=+WVVH+IR

M_5+_ 







KA1@%E)PQ]SS6]10!A:OX1TG6[Z.]NDN$N$7


M 

M5YX9Y;JZB

PDN':-D(^[L)VXY/;C)KHJ* .5T_X=^&].O4NTM)9YD1D0W5P
M\X53U #D@5&/AKX=%K-:A+[R)5V%/MTN$7T4;OE'L


1BB-Q=22^6IZA=Q
M.WIVKKJ* .;LO VC6%O/#;_;AY^T

M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ KDOB#
M8:IJN@_8-
TO[:TDB








MB\LK'RYUSAC-(P&?0




-G]G74!
C!\8X4*=R@XK(B\&7D6CW

M1Y  3=G;GCKTKJJ* .
\%VNMZ#X
2TNM&/VR!B%@6YC.\'ONS@?C79*25!(V
MGN/2EHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **:)$;[K
MJ?H:=0 4444 %%%(


MH 6BFET5MI=0?0FE9U4@

R@GIDTK.JC+
!GU- T44T2(
M3@.I/IF@!U%%% !1129!)&1D=10 M%%'2@ HI 01D'(IZA@I8!CVSS0 ZBB
MF:(G D3/^\* 'T444 %%%(",@@CVH 6BBB@ HHI-RC.6'')YZ4 +10#D9%
M(2 01D]!0 M%!.!S0


M&?2EZ#)H ** 01D'(HH ** 01D'(HH **0

MD9/:@!:**0$

@@CVH 6BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HIP&
D#/3-+0 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4





'G


DN
)M]
M@_C38]+_


M_EB2
H#CUY)_

MR

M+HCW$\E^;-EM)?




*
^G05L
MS?#NYN9M0GEU]_.N;A;J%TM0I@D7(!^]\PPS#''6H[GX:S7TVIW5]X@EGN[]
M8E8_9P(ALQC
$
W0ERH..W2K'B#Q!
MKEYHU_IB:5$M['9R27ODWI @7!P%;9\S$8.

MUO X^Z2V[YL8'''2@#J=N]0U71UGU;3H[*67/[A)?
IM.XCZBG3^

9Y&L
M($2.#S(0AX Z$$[AZDXYKG=;^'
NJZIJ%Y!K0MEOI(I)%:S61@8]I4!RP.W*


M87%J989?M1SP


LR#&

M)N9[NUL].\/W

MVGUEKG3K9R]M;-;@&

M^C7

M5JQ?$?ASPWX3T!;T6NH+


+=0L-)T.SO=&:.VNK(TF$N7E=(MQ5EQ\N



EFT?AVP;[7=-Y
M/B3;\TF?
Z4 ;OBSQ))X9TN*[BTZ:]9Y%C1\ 9[D]J
MR$\07'_56-EK7A^._%K-.L\4WFJH4K\J-M&<YYX&,5L^)M N?$&FPV<6I?
M8]DBR,_D3=CM@D8JCJ_AR_EURVUX:NP-E:O']G2U!



M^=2L;>XMK7Q&8[>6:281_8U(RY)(;YOF')ZUKZ'X=.A>&SI5O=@RD/B80A5
M5F).0F
FKMEX5O[;Q



 Plant And Equipment (Property

  <definitionLink xlink:role=http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosurePropertyPlantAndEquipmentNarrativeDetail xlink:type=extended xlink:title=40401 - Disclosure - Property

  <definitionLink xlink:role=http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosurePropertyPlantAndEquipmentPropertyPlantAndEquipmentDetail xlink:type=extended xlink:title=40402 - Disclosure - Property
 Plant And Equipment (Property

  <definitionLink xlink:role=http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureFinancialInstrumentsCashAndAvailableForSaleSecuritiesAdjustedCostGrossUnrealizedGainsGrossUnrealizedLossesAndFairValueBySignificantInvestmentCategoryDetail xlink:type=extended xlink:title=41002 - Disclosure - Financial Instruments (Cash and Available for Sale Securities Adjusted Cost
 Gross Unrealized Gains
 Gross Unrealized Losses

  <presentationLink xlink:role=http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosurePropertyPlantAndEquipment xlink:type=extended xlink:title=10401 - Disclosure - Property

  <presentationLink xlink:role=http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosurePropertyPlantAndEquipmentTables xlink:type=extended xlink:title=30403 - Disclosure - Property

  <presentationLink xlink:role=http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesImpactOfNewAccountingPrinciplesIncomeDetail xlink:type=extended xlink:title=40203 - Disclosure - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Impact of New Accounting Principles

  <presentationLink xlink:role=http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesImpactOfNewAccountingPrinciplesBalanceSheetsDetail xlink:type=extended xlink:title=40204 - Disclosure - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Impact of New Accounting Principles

  <presentationLink xlink:role=http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosurePropertyPlantAndEquipmentNarrativeDetail xlink:type=extended xlink:title=40401 - Disclosure - Property

  <presentationLink xlink:role=http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosurePropertyPlantAndEquipmentPropertyPlantAndEquipmentDetail xlink:type=extended xlink:title=40402 - Disclosure - Property
 Plant And Equipment (Property

  <presentationLink xlink:role=http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureFinancialInstrumentsCashAndAvailableForSaleSecuritiesAdjustedCostGrossUnrealizedGainsGrossUnrealizedLossesAndFairValueBySignificantInvestmentCategoryDetail xlink:type=extended xlink:title=41002 - Disclosure - Financial Instruments (Cash and Available for Sale Securities Adjusted Cost
 Gross Unrealized Gains
 Gross Unrealized Losses

 Plant and Equipment,
     role: http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosurePropertyPlantAndEquipment,
     shortName: Property
 Plant and Equipment,
     subGroupType: ",
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: med-20191231x10kab6561.htm,
      contextRef: Duration_1_1_2019_To_12_31_2019_lC5hSIrGWk6IYnqDRktNDw,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R12: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: med-20191231x10kab6561.htm,
      contextRef: Duration_1_1_2019_To_12_31_2019_lC5hSIrGWk6IYnqDRktNDw,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesDisclosureTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 10501 - Disclosure - Accounts Payable And Accrued Expenses,
     role: http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureAccountsPayableAndAccruedExpenses,
     shortName: Accounts Payable And Accrued Expenses,
     subGroupType: ",
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: med-20191231x10kab6561.htm,
      contextRef: Duration_1_1_2019_To_12_31_2019_lC5hSIrGWk6IYnqDRktNDw,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesDisclosureTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R13: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: med-20191231x10kab6561.htm,
      contextRef: Duration_1_1_2019_To_12_31_2019_lC5hSIrGWk6IYnqDRktNDw,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:EarningsPerShareTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 10601 - Disclosure - Earnings Per Share,
     role: http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureEarningsPerShare,
     shortName: Earnings Per Share,
     subGroupType: ",
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: med-20191231x10kab6561.htm,
      contextRef: Duration_1_1_2019_To_12_31_2019_lC5hSIrGWk6IYnqDRktNDw,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:EarningsPerShareTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R14: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: med-20191231x10kab6561.htm,
      contextRef: Duration_1_1_2019_To_12_31_2019_lC5hSIrGWk6IYnqDRktNDw,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 10701 - Disclosure - Equity,
     role: http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureEquity,
     shortName: Equity,
     subGroupType: ",
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: med-20191231x10kab6561.htm,
      contextRef: Duration_1_1_2019_To_12_31_2019_lC5hSIrGWk6IYnqDRktNDw,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R15: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: med-20191231x10kab6561.htm,
      contextRef: Duration_1_1_2019_To_12_31_2019_lC5hSIrGWk6IYnqDRktNDw,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 10801 - Disclosure - Share-based Compensation,
     role: http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureShareBasedCompensation,
     shortName: Share-based Compensation,
     subGroupType: ",
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: med-20191231x10kab6561.htm,
      contextRef: Duration_1_1_2019_To_12_31_2019_lC5hSIrGWk6IYnqDRktNDw,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R16: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: med-20191231x10kab6561.htm,
      contextRef: Duration_1_1_2019_To_12_31_2019_lC5hSIrGWk6IYnqDRktNDw,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:ComprehensiveIncomeNoteTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 10901 - Disclosure - Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss),
     role: http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLoss,
     shortName: Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss),
     subGroupType: ",
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: med-20191231x10kab6561.htm,
      contextRef: Duration_1_1_2019_To_12_31_2019_lC5hSIrGWk6IYnqDRktNDw,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:ComprehensiveIncomeNoteTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R17: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: med-20191231x10kab6561.htm,
      contextRef: Duration_1_1_2019_To_12_31_2019_lC5hSIrGWk6IYnqDRktNDw,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:FinancialInstrumentsDisclosureTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 11001 - Disclosure - Financial Instruments,
     role: http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureFinancialInstruments,
     shortName: Financial Instruments,
     subGroupType: ",
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: med-20191231x10kab6561.htm,
      contextRef: Duration_1_1_2019_To_12_31_2019_lC5hSIrGWk6IYnqDRktNDw,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:FinancialInstrumentsDisclosureTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R18: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: med-20191231x10kab6561.htm,
      contextRef: Duration_1_1_2019_To_12_31_2019_lC5hSIrGWk6IYnqDRktNDw,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 11101 - Disclosure - Income Taxes,
     role: http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxes,
     shortName: Income Taxes,
     subGroupType: ",
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: med-20191231x10kab6561.htm,
      contextRef: Duration_1_1_2019_To_12_31_2019_lC5hSIrGWk6IYnqDRktNDw,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R19: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: med-20191231x10kab6561.htm,
      contextRef: Duration_1_1_2019_To_12_31_2019_lC5hSIrGWk6IYnqDRktNDw,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 11201 - Disclosure - Leases and Commitments,
     role: http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureLeasesAndCommitments,
     shortName: Leases and Commitments,
     subGroupType: ",
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: med-20191231x10kab6561.htm,
      contextRef: Duration_1_1_2019_To_12_31_2019_lC5hSIrGWk6IYnqDRktNDw,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R2: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: med-20191231x10kab6561.htm,
      contextRef: Duration_1_1_2019_To_12_31_2019_lC5hSIrGWk6IYnqDRktNDw,
      decimals: -3,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:Revenues,
      reportCount: 1,
      unitRef: Unit_Standard_USD_eWUsw9thZ0OXbJfwaGbesg,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: statement,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 00100 - Statement - CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME,
     role: http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfIncome,
     shortName: CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME,
     subGroupType: ",
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: med-20191231x10kab6561.htm,
      contextRef: Duration_1_1_2019_To_12_31_2019_lC5hSIrGWk6IYnqDRktNDw,
      decimals: 2,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:CommonStockDividendsPerShareDeclared,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: Unit_Divide_USD_shares_r3lkekmMYUqPUKF3pgbZ8A,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R20: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: med-20191231x10kab6561.htm,
      contextRef: Duration_1_1_2019_To_12_31_2019_lC5hSIrGWk6IYnqDRktNDw,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:QuarterlyFinancialInformationTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 11401 - Disclosure - Selected Quarterly Financial Data (unaudited),
     role: http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureSelectedQuarterlyFinancialDataUnaudited,
     shortName: Selected Quarterly Financial Data (unaudited),
     subGroupType: ",
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: med-20191231x10kab6561.htm,
      contextRef: Duration_1_1_2019_To_12_31_2019_lC5hSIrGWk6IYnqDRktNDw,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:QuarterlyFinancialInformationTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R21: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       us-gaap:SignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: med-20191231x10kab6561.htm,
      contextRef: Duration_1_1_2019_To_12_31_2019_lC5hSIrGWk6IYnqDRktNDw,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:OrganizationConsolidationBasisOfPresentationBusinessDescriptionAndAccountingPoliciesTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 20102 - Disclosure - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Policies),
     role: http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies,
     shortName: Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Policies),
     subGroupType: policies,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       us-gaap:SignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: med-20191231x10kab6561.htm,
      contextRef: Duration_1_1_2019_To_12_31_2019_lC5hSIrGWk6IYnqDRktNDw,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:OrganizationConsolidationBasisOfPresentationBusinessDescriptionAndAccountingPoliciesTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R22: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       us-gaap:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentPolicyTextBlock,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: med-20191231x10kab6561.htm,
      contextRef: Duration_1_1_2019_To_12_31_2019_lC5hSIrGWk6IYnqDRktNDw,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: med:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentScheduleOfEstimatedUsefulLivesOfAssetsTableTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 30203 - Disclosure - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Tables),
     role: http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesTables,
     shortName: Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Tables),
     subGroupType: tables,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       us-gaap:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentPolicyTextBlock,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: med-20191231x10kab6561.htm,
      contextRef: Duration_1_1_2019_To_12_31_2019_lC5hSIrGWk6IYnqDRktNDw,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: med:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentScheduleOfEstimatedUsefulLivesOfAssetsTableTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R23: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       us-gaap:InventoryDisclosureTextBlock,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: med-20191231x10kab6561.htm,
      contextRef: Duration_1_1_2019_To_12_31_2019_lC5hSIrGWk6IYnqDRktNDw,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 30303 - Disclosure - Inventories (Tables),
     role: http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureInventoriesTables,
     shortName: Inventories (Tables),
     subGroupType: tables,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       us-gaap:InventoryDisclosureTextBlock,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: med-20191231x10kab6561.htm,
      contextRef: Duration_1_1_2019_To_12_31_2019_lC5hSIrGWk6IYnqDRktNDw,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R24: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       us-gaap:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlock,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: med-20191231x10kab6561.htm,
      contextRef: Duration_1_1_2019_To_12_31_2019_lC5hSIrGWk6IYnqDRktNDw,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 30403 - Disclosure - Property
 Plant And Equipment (Tables),
     role: http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosurePropertyPlantAndEquipmentTables,
     shortName: Property
 Plant And Equipment (Tables),
     subGroupType: tables,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       us-gaap:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlock,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: med-20191231x10kab6561.htm,
      contextRef: Duration_1_1_2019_To_12_31_2019_lC5hSIrGWk6IYnqDRktNDw,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R25: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       us-gaap:AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesDisclosureTextBlock,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: med-20191231x10kab6561.htm,
      contextRef: Duration_1_1_2019_To_12_31_2019_lC5hSIrGWk6IYnqDRktNDw,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfAccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesTableTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 30503 - Disclosure - Accounts Payable and Accrued Expenses (Tables),
     role: http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureAccountsPayableAndAccruedExpensesTables,
     shortName: Accounts Payable and Accrued Expenses (Tables),
     subGroupType: tables,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       us-gaap:AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesDisclosureTextBlock,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: med-20191231x10kab6561.htm,
      contextRef: Duration_1_1_2019_To_12_31_2019_lC5hSIrGWk6IYnqDRktNDw,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfAccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesTableTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R26: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       us-gaap:EarningsPerShareTextBlock,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: med-20191231x10kab6561.htm,
      contextRef: Duration_1_1_2019_To_12_31_2019_lC5hSIrGWk6IYnqDRktNDw,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedTableTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 30603 - Disclosure - Earnings Per Share (Tables),
     role: http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureEarningsPerShareTables,
     shortName: Earnings Per Share (Tables),
     subGroupType: tables,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       us-gaap:EarningsPerShareTextBlock,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: med-20191231x10kab6561.htm,
      contextRef: Duration_1_1_2019_To_12_31_2019_lC5hSIrGWk6IYnqDRktNDw,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedTableTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R27: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       us-gaap:DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: med-20191231x10kab6561.htm,
      contextRef: Duration_1_1_2019_To_12_31_2019_lC5hSIrGWk6IYnqDRktNDw,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfShareBasedPaymentAwardStockOptionsValuationAssumptionsTableTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 30803 - Disclosure - Share-based Compensation (Tables),
     role: http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureShareBasedCompensationTables,
     shortName: Share-based Compensation (Tables),
     subGroupType: tables,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       us-gaap:DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: med-20191231x10kab6561.htm,
      contextRef: Duration_1_1_2019_To_12_31_2019_lC5hSIrGWk6IYnqDRktNDw,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfShareBasedPaymentAwardStockOptionsValuationAssumptionsTableTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R28: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       us-gaap:ComprehensiveIncomeNoteTextBlock,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: med-20191231x10kab6561.htm,
      contextRef: Duration_1_1_2019_To_12_31_2019_lC5hSIrGWk6IYnqDRktNDw,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTableTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 30903 - Disclosure - Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) (Tables),
     role: http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTables,
     shortName: Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) (Tables),
     subGroupType: tables,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       us-gaap:ComprehensiveIncomeNoteTextBlock,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: med-20191231x10kab6561.htm,
      contextRef: Duration_1_1_2019_To_12_31_2019_lC5hSIrGWk6IYnqDRktNDw,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTableTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R29: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: med-20191231x10kab6561.htm,
      contextRef: Duration_1_1_2019_To_12_31_2019_lC5hSIrGWk6IYnqDRktNDw,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfAvailableForSaleSecuritiesReconciliationTableTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 31003 - Disclosure - Financial Instruments (Tables),
     role: http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureFinancialInstrumentsTables,
     shortName: Financial Instruments (Tables),
     subGroupType: tables,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: med-20191231x10kab6561.htm,
      contextRef: Duration_1_1_2019_To_12_31_2019_lC5hSIrGWk6IYnqDRktNDw,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfAvailableForSaleSecuritiesReconciliationTableTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R3: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       b,
       p,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: med-20191231x10kab6561.htm,
      contextRef: Duration_1_1_2019_To_12_31_2019_lC5hSIrGWk6IYnqDRktNDw,
      decimals: -3,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:NetIncomeLoss,
      reportCount: 1,
      unitRef: Unit_Standard_USD_eWUsw9thZ0OXbJfwaGbesg,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: statement,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 00200 - Statement - CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME,
     role: http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome,
     shortName: CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME,
     subGroupType: ",
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: med-20191231x10kab6561.htm,
      contextRef: Duration_1_1_2019_To_12_31_2019_lC5hSIrGWk6IYnqDRktNDw,
      decimals: -3,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTax,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: Unit_Standard_USD_eWUsw9thZ0OXbJfwaGbesg,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R30: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       us-gaap:IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: med-20191231x10kab6561.htm,
      contextRef: Duration_1_1_2019_To_12_31_2019_lC5hSIrGWk6IYnqDRktNDw,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 31103 - Disclosure - Income Taxes (Tables),
     role: http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesTables,
     shortName: Income Taxes (Tables),
     subGroupType: tables,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       us-gaap:IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: med-20191231x10kab6561.htm,
      contextRef: Duration_1_1_2019_To_12_31_2019_lC5hSIrGWk6IYnqDRktNDw,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R31: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       us-gaap:CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: med-20191231x10kab6561.htm,
      contextRef: Duration_1_1_2019_To_12_31_2019_lC5hSIrGWk6IYnqDRktNDw,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: med:SupplementalCashFlowInformationRelatedToOperatingLeasesTableTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 31203 - Disclosure - Leases and Commitments (Tables),
     role: http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureLeasesAndCommitmentsTables,
     shortName: Leases and Commitments (Tables),
     subGroupType: tables,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       us-gaap:CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: med-20191231x10kab6561.htm,
      contextRef: Duration_1_1_2019_To_12_31_2019_lC5hSIrGWk6IYnqDRktNDw,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: med:SupplementalCashFlowInformationRelatedToOperatingLeasesTableTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R32: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       us-gaap:QuarterlyFinancialInformationTextBlock,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: med-20191231x10kab6561.htm,
      contextRef: Duration_1_1_2019_To_12_31_2019_lC5hSIrGWk6IYnqDRktNDw,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationTableTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 31403 - Disclosure - Selected Quarterly Financial Data (unaudited) (Tables),
     role: http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureSelectedQuarterlyFinancialDataUnauditedTables,
     shortName: Selected Quarterly Financial Data (unaudited) (Tables),
     subGroupType: tables,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       us-gaap:QuarterlyFinancialInformationTextBlock,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: med-20191231x10kab6561.htm,
      contextRef: Duration_1_1_2019_To_12_31_2019_lC5hSIrGWk6IYnqDRktNDw,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationTableTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R33: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p,
       us-gaap:AdvertisingCostsPolicyTextBlock,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: med-20191231x10kab6561.htm,
      contextRef: Duration_1_1_2019_To_12_31_2019_lC5hSIrGWk6IYnqDRktNDw,
      decimals: -5,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:AdvertisingExpense,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: Unit_Standard_USD_eWUsw9thZ0OXbJfwaGbesg,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 40201 - Disclosure - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Narrative) (Detail),
     role: http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetail,
     shortName: Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Narrative) (Detail),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p,
       us-gaap:AdvertisingCostsPolicyTextBlock,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: med-20191231x10kab6561.htm,
      contextRef: Duration_1_1_2019_To_12_31_2019_lC5hSIrGWk6IYnqDRktNDw,
      decimals: -5,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:AdvertisingExpense,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: Unit_Standard_USD_eWUsw9thZ0OXbJfwaGbesg,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R34: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       med:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentScheduleOfEstimatedUsefulLivesOfAssetsTableTextBlock,
       us-gaap:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentPolicyTextBlock,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: med-20191231x10kab6561.htm,
      contextRef: Duration_1_1_2019_To_12_31_2019_srt_RangeAxis_srt_MinimumMember_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis_us-gaap_BuildingAndBuildingImprovementsMember_0KuPdn9zc0W28w4PljvWiQ,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 40202 - Disclosure - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Summary of Estimated Useful Lives Of Assets) (Detail),
     role: http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesSummaryOfEstimatedUsefulLivesOfAssetsDetail,
     shortName: Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Summary of Estimated Useful Lives Of Assets) (Detail),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       med:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentScheduleOfEstimatedUsefulLivesOfAssetsTableTextBlock,
       us-gaap:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentPolicyTextBlock,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: med-20191231x10kab6561.htm,
      contextRef: Duration_1_1_2019_To_12_31_2019_srt_RangeAxis_srt_MinimumMember_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis_us-gaap_BuildingAndBuildingImprovementsMember_0KuPdn9zc0W28w4PljvWiQ,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R35: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationTableTextBlock,
       us-gaap:QuarterlyFinancialInformationTextBlock,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: med-20191231x10kab6561.htm,
      contextRef: Duration_10_1_2019_To_12_31_2019_SGHW5cK7EUmPs-ikf0S3GQ,
      decimals: -3,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:Revenues,
      reportCount: 1,
      unitRef: Unit_Standard_USD_eWUsw9thZ0OXbJfwaGbesg,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 40203 - Disclosure - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Impact of New Accounting Principles
 Income) (Detail),
     role: http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesImpactOfNewAccountingPrinciplesIncomeDetail,
     shortName: Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Impact of New Accounting Principles
 Income) (Detail),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: null
    },
    R36: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: med-20191231x10kab6561.htm,
      contextRef: As_Of_12_31_2019_U12zdR8lXkWyDJlvzeFUBg,
      decimals: -3,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:AccountsReceivableNetCurrent,
      reportCount: 1,
      unitRef: Unit_Standard_USD_eWUsw9thZ0OXbJfwaGbesg,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 40204 - Disclosure - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Impact of New Accounting Principles
 Balance Sheets) (Detail),
     role: http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesImpactOfNewAccountingPrinciplesBalanceSheetsDetail,
     shortName: Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Impact of New Accounting Principles
 Balance Sheets) (Detail),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: null
    },
    R37: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock,
       us-gaap:InventoryDisclosureTextBlock,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: med-20191231x10kab6561.htm,
      contextRef: As_Of_12_31_2019_U12zdR8lXkWyDJlvzeFUBg,
      decimals: -3,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:InventoryRawMaterials,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: Unit_Standard_USD_eWUsw9thZ0OXbJfwaGbesg,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 40301 - Disclosure - Inventories (Detail),
     role: http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureInventoriesDetail,
     shortName: Inventories (Detail),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock,
       us-gaap:InventoryDisclosureTextBlock,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: med-20191231x10kab6561.htm,
      contextRef: As_Of_12_31_2019_U12zdR8lXkWyDJlvzeFUBg,
      decimals: -3,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:InventoryRawMaterials,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: Unit_Standard_USD_eWUsw9thZ0OXbJfwaGbesg,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R38: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p,
       us-gaap:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlock,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: med-20191231x10kab6561.htm,
      contextRef: Duration_1_1_2019_To_12_31_2019_us-gaap_StatementOperatingActivitiesSegmentAxis_us-gaap_SegmentContinuingOperationsMember_cxSduqBGgUOXJkI5oa5urQ,
      decimals: -5,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:OtherDepreciationAndAmortization,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: Unit_Standard_USD_eWUsw9thZ0OXbJfwaGbesg,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 40401 - Disclosure - Property
 Plant and Equipment (Narrative) (Detail),
     role: http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosurePropertyPlantAndEquipmentNarrativeDetail,
     shortName: Property
 Plant and Equipment (Narrative) (Detail),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p,
       us-gaap:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlock,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: med-20191231x10kab6561.htm,
      contextRef: Duration_1_1_2019_To_12_31_2019_us-gaap_StatementOperatingActivitiesSegmentAxis_us-gaap_SegmentContinuingOperationsMember_cxSduqBGgUOXJkI5oa5urQ,
      decimals: -5,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:OtherDepreciationAndAmortization,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: Unit_Standard_USD_eWUsw9thZ0OXbJfwaGbesg,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R39: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       us-gaap:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock,
       us-gaap:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlock,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: med-20191231x10kab6561.htm,
      contextRef: As_Of_12_31_2019_U12zdR8lXkWyDJlvzeFUBg,
      decimals: -3,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: Unit_Standard_USD_eWUsw9thZ0OXbJfwaGbesg,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 40402 - Disclosure - Property
 Plant And Equipment (Property
 Plant and Equipment) (Detail),
     role: http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosurePropertyPlantAndEquipmentPropertyPlantAndEquipmentDetail,
     shortName: Property
 Plant And Equipment (Property
 Plant and Equipment) (Detail),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       us-gaap:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock,
       us-gaap:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlock,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: med-20191231x10kab6561.htm,
      contextRef: As_Of_12_31_2019_U12zdR8lXkWyDJlvzeFUBg,
      decimals: -3,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: Unit_Standard_USD_eWUsw9thZ0OXbJfwaGbesg,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R4: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: med-20191231x10kab6561.htm,
      contextRef: As_Of_12_31_2019_U12zdR8lXkWyDJlvzeFUBg,
      decimals: -3,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue,
      reportCount: 1,
      unitRef: Unit_Standard_USD_eWUsw9thZ0OXbJfwaGbesg,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: statement,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 00300 - Statement - CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS,
     role: http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheets,
     shortName: CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS,
     subGroupType: ",
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: med-20191231x10kab6561.htm,
      contextRef: As_Of_12_31_2019_U12zdR8lXkWyDJlvzeFUBg,
      decimals: -3,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:ShortTermInvestments,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: Unit_Standard_USD_eWUsw9thZ0OXbJfwaGbesg,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R40: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfAccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesTableTextBlock,
       us-gaap:AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesDisclosureTextBlock,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: med-20191231x10kab6561.htm,
      contextRef: As_Of_12_31_2019_U12zdR8lXkWyDJlvzeFUBg,
      decimals: -3,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:AccountsPayableTradeCurrent,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: Unit_Standard_USD_eWUsw9thZ0OXbJfwaGbesg,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 40501 - Disclosure - Accounts Payable and Accrued Expenses (Accounts Payable and Accrued Expenses) (Detail),
     role: http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureAccountsPayableAndAccruedExpensesAccountsPayableAndAccruedExpensesDetail,
     shortName: Accounts Payable and Accrued Expenses (Accounts Payable and Accrued Expenses) (Detail),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfAccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesTableTextBlock,
       us-gaap:AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesDisclosureTextBlock,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: med-20191231x10kab6561.htm,
      contextRef: As_Of_12_31_2019_U12zdR8lXkWyDJlvzeFUBg,
      decimals: -3,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:AccountsPayableTradeCurrent,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: Unit_Standard_USD_eWUsw9thZ0OXbJfwaGbesg,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R41: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p,
       us-gaap:EarningsPerShareTextBlock,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: med-20191231x10kab6561.htm,
      contextRef: Duration_1_1_2019_To_12_31_2019_us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareByAntidilutiveSecuritiesAxis_us-gaap_EmployeeStockOptionMember_rrEi5ewHlUW9ek-QRqUhDw,
      decimals: 0,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareAmount,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: Unit_Standard_shares_bTecZnU0gEW07DpotSJQxw,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 40601 - Disclosure - Earnings Per Share (Narrative) (Detail),
     role: http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureEarningsPerShareNarrativeDetail,
     shortName: Earnings Per Share (Narrative) (Detail),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p,
       us-gaap:EarningsPerShareTextBlock,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: med-20191231x10kab6561.htm,
      contextRef: Duration_1_1_2019_To_12_31_2019_us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareByAntidilutiveSecuritiesAxis_us-gaap_EmployeeStockOptionMember_rrEi5ewHlUW9ek-QRqUhDw,
      decimals: 0,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareAmount,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: Unit_Standard_shares_bTecZnU0gEW07DpotSJQxw,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R42: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationTableTextBlock,
       us-gaap:QuarterlyFinancialInformationTextBlock,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: med-20191231x10kab6561.htm,
      contextRef: Duration_10_1_2019_To_12_31_2019_SGHW5cK7EUmPs-ikf0S3GQ,
      decimals: -3,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:NetIncomeLoss,
      reportCount: 1,
      unitRef: Unit_Standard_USD_eWUsw9thZ0OXbJfwaGbesg,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 40602 - Disclosure - Earnings Per Share (Earnings Per Share) (Detail),
     role: http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureEarningsPerShareEarningsPerShareDetail,
     shortName: Earnings Per Share (Earnings Per Share) (Detail),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedTableTextBlock,
       us-gaap:EarningsPerShareTextBlock,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: med-20191231x10kab6561.htm,
      contextRef: Duration_1_1_2019_To_12_31_2019_lC5hSIrGWk6IYnqDRktNDw,
      decimals: -3,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:WeightedAverageNumberDilutedSharesOutstandingAdjustment,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: Unit_Standard_shares_bTecZnU0gEW07DpotSJQxw,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R43: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p,
       us-gaap:StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: med-20191231x10kab6561.htm,
      contextRef: Duration_5_18_2017_To_5_18_2017_2FFdxb3TSE2xaTSpqcLPag,
      decimals: 0,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfAdditionalSharesAuthorized,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: Unit_Standard_shares_bTecZnU0gEW07DpotSJQxw,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 40701 - Disclosure - Equity (Narrative) (Details),
     role: http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureEquityNarrativeDetails,
     shortName: Equity (Narrative) (Details),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p,
       us-gaap:StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: med-20191231x10kab6561.htm,
      contextRef: Duration_5_18_2017_To_5_18_2017_2FFdxb3TSE2xaTSpqcLPag,
      decimals: 0,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfAdditionalSharesAuthorized,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: Unit_Standard_shares_bTecZnU0gEW07DpotSJQxw,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R44: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: med-20191231x10kab6561.htm,
      contextRef: Duration_1_1_2019_To_12_31_2019_lC5hSIrGWk6IYnqDRktNDw,
      decimals: -3,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:ShareBasedCompensation,
      reportCount: 1,
      unitRef: Unit_Standard_USD_eWUsw9thZ0OXbJfwaGbesg,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 40801 - Disclosure - Share-based Compensation (Narrative) (Detail),
     role: http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetail,
     shortName: Share-based Compensation (Narrative) (Detail),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: med-20191231x10kab6561.htm,
      contextRef: Duration_1_1_2019_To_12_31_2019_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis_us-gaap_RestrictedStockMember_fF2BZmapbEC8FQ5nCdJq9g,
      decimals: -5,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:ShareBasedCompensation,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: Unit_Standard_USD_eWUsw9thZ0OXbJfwaGbesg,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R45: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfShareBasedPaymentAwardStockOptionsValuationAssumptionsTableTextBlock,
       us-gaap:DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: med-20191231x10kab6561.htm,
      contextRef: Duration_1_1_2018_To_12_31_2018_hPPcdqODKkedOmJsQ1OZLA,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedTerm1,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 40802 - Disclosure - Share-based Compensation (Schedule of Assumptions Used) (Detail),
     role: http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureShareBasedCompensationScheduleOfAssumptionsUsedDetail,
     shortName: Share-based Compensation (Schedule of Assumptions Used) (Detail),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfShareBasedPaymentAwardStockOptionsValuationAssumptionsTableTextBlock,
       us-gaap:DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: med-20191231x10kab6561.htm,
      contextRef: Duration_1_1_2018_To_12_31_2018_hPPcdqODKkedOmJsQ1OZLA,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedTerm1,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R46: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationStockOptionsActivityTableTextBlock,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: med-20191231x10kab6561.htm,
      contextRef: As_Of_12_31_2018_us-gaap_OptionIndexedToIssuersEquityTypeAxis_us-gaap_EmployeeStockOptionMember_U6zKEAtTv0uSQfH1S2FfqA,
      decimals: -3,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber,
      reportCount: 1,
      unitRef: Unit_Standard_shares_bTecZnU0gEW07DpotSJQxw,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 40803 - Disclosure - Share-based Compensation (Schedule of Share Based Compensation Stock Options Activity) (Detail),
     role: http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureShareBasedCompensationScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationStockOptionsActivityDetail,
     shortName: Share-based Compensation (Schedule of Share Based Compensation Stock Options Activity) (Detail),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationStockOptionsActivityTableTextBlock,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: med-20191231x10kab6561.htm,
      contextRef: As_Of_12_31_2017_us-gaap_OptionIndexedToIssuersEquityTypeAxis_us-gaap_EmployeeStockOptionMember_SXB6WDFl9U2XEVpvpNMUIg,
      decimals: -3,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: Unit_Standard_shares_bTecZnU0gEW07DpotSJQxw,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R47: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfNonvestedRestrictedStockUnitsActivityTableTextBlock,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: med-20191231x10kab6561.htm,
      contextRef: As_Of_12_31_2018_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis_us-gaap_RestrictedStockMember__syPvW6hKEGDWC4ur6kKLw,
      decimals: -3,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber,
      reportCount: 1,
      unitRef: Unit_Standard_shares_bTecZnU0gEW07DpotSJQxw,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 40804 - Disclosure - Share-based Compensation (Summary of Restricted Stock Activity) (Detail),
     role: http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureShareBasedCompensationSummaryOfRestrictedStockActivityDetail,
     shortName: Share-based Compensation (Summary of Restricted Stock Activity) (Detail),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfNonvestedRestrictedStockUnitsActivityTableTextBlock,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: med-20191231x10kab6561.htm,
      contextRef: As_Of_12_31_2017_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis_us-gaap_RestrictedStockMember_1LEMrRrmyU6DgLnHgxVTQA,
      decimals: -3,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: Unit_Standard_shares_bTecZnU0gEW07DpotSJQxw,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R48: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTableTextBlock,
       us-gaap:ComprehensiveIncomeNoteTextBlock,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: med-20191231x10kab6561.htm,
      contextRef: As_Of_12_31_2019_U12zdR8lXkWyDJlvzeFUBg,
      decimals: -3,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTax,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: Unit_Standard_USD_eWUsw9thZ0OXbJfwaGbesg,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 40901 - Disclosure - Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) (Schedule of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)) (Details),
     role: http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossScheduleOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossDetails,
     shortName: Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) (Schedule of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)) (Details),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTableTextBlock,
       us-gaap:ComprehensiveIncomeNoteTextBlock,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: med-20191231x10kab6561.htm,
      contextRef: As_Of_12_31_2019_U12zdR8lXkWyDJlvzeFUBg,
      decimals: -3,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTax,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: Unit_Standard_USD_eWUsw9thZ0OXbJfwaGbesg,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R49: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       us-gaap:DebtAndEquitySecuritiesRealizedGainLoss,
       us-gaap:DebtAndEquitySecuritiesRealizedGainLoss,
       p,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: med-20191231x10kab6561.htm,
      contextRef: Duration_1_1_2019_To_12_31_2019_lC5hSIrGWk6IYnqDRktNDw,
      decimals: -3,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:DebtAndEquitySecuritiesRealizedGainLoss,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: Unit_Standard_USD_eWUsw9thZ0OXbJfwaGbesg,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 41001 - Disclosure - Financial Instruments (Narrative) (Detail),
     role: http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureFinancialInstrumentsNarrativeDetail,
     shortName: Financial Instruments (Narrative) (Detail),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       us-gaap:DebtAndEquitySecuritiesRealizedGainLoss,
       us-gaap:DebtAndEquitySecuritiesRealizedGainLoss,
       p,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: med-20191231x10kab6561.htm,
      contextRef: Duration_1_1_2019_To_12_31_2019_lC5hSIrGWk6IYnqDRktNDw,
      decimals: -3,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:DebtAndEquitySecuritiesRealizedGainLoss,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: Unit_Standard_USD_eWUsw9thZ0OXbJfwaGbesg,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R5: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: med-20191231x10kab6561.htm,
      contextRef: As_Of_12_31_2019_U12zdR8lXkWyDJlvzeFUBg,
      decimals: -3,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivable,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: Unit_Standard_USD_eWUsw9thZ0OXbJfwaGbesg,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: statement,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 00350 - Statement - CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (Parenthetical),
     role: http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheetsParenthetical,
     shortName: CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (Parenthetical),
     subGroupType: parenthetical,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: med-20191231x10kab6561.htm,
      contextRef: As_Of_12_31_2019_U12zdR8lXkWyDJlvzeFUBg,
      decimals: -3,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivable,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: Unit_Standard_USD_eWUsw9thZ0OXbJfwaGbesg,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R50: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfAvailableForSaleSecuritiesReconciliationTableTextBlock,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: med-20191231x10kab6561.htm,
      contextRef: As_Of_12_31_2019_U12zdR8lXkWyDJlvzeFUBg,
      decimals: -3,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:MarketableSecurities,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: Unit_Standard_USD_eWUsw9thZ0OXbJfwaGbesg,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 41002 - Disclosure - Financial Instruments (Cash and Available for Sale Securities Adjusted Cost
 Gross Unrealized Gains
 Gross Unrealized Losses
 and Fair Value by Significant Investment Category) (Detail),
     role: http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureFinancialInstrumentsCashAndAvailableForSaleSecuritiesAdjustedCostGrossUnrealizedGainsGrossUnrealizedLossesAndFairValueBySignificantInvestmentCategoryDetail,
     shortName: Financial Instruments (Cash and Available for Sale Securities Adjusted Cost
 Gross Unrealized Gains
 Gross Unrealized Losses
 and Fair Value by Significant Investment Category) (Detail),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfAvailableForSaleSecuritiesReconciliationTableTextBlock,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: med-20191231x10kab6561.htm,
      contextRef: As_Of_12_31_2019_U12zdR8lXkWyDJlvzeFUBg,
      decimals: -3,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:MarketableSecurities,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: Unit_Standard_USD_eWUsw9thZ0OXbJfwaGbesg,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R51: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: med-20191231x10kab6561.htm,
      contextRef: As_Of_12_31_2019_U12zdR8lXkWyDJlvzeFUBg,
      decimals: -5,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:OperatingLossCarryforwards,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: Unit_Standard_USD_eWUsw9thZ0OXbJfwaGbesg,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 41101 - Disclosure - Income Taxes (Narrative) (Detail),
     role: http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesNarrativeDetail,
     shortName: Income Taxes (Narrative) (Detail),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: med-20191231x10kab6561.htm,
      contextRef: As_Of_12_31_2019_U12zdR8lXkWyDJlvzeFUBg,
      decimals: -5,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:OperatingLossCarryforwards,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: Unit_Standard_USD_eWUsw9thZ0OXbJfwaGbesg,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R52: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock,
       us-gaap:IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: med-20191231x10kab6561.htm,
      contextRef: Duration_1_1_2019_To_12_31_2019_lC5hSIrGWk6IYnqDRktNDw,
      decimals: -3,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:CurrentFederalTaxExpenseBenefit,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: Unit_Standard_USD_eWUsw9thZ0OXbJfwaGbesg,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 41102 - Disclosure - Income Taxes (Income Tax Expense from Continuing Operations) (Detail),
     role: http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesIncomeTaxExpenseFromContinuingOperationsDetail,
     shortName: Income Taxes (Income Tax Expense from Continuing Operations) (Detail),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock,
       us-gaap:IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: med-20191231x10kab6561.htm,
      contextRef: Duration_1_1_2019_To_12_31_2019_lC5hSIrGWk6IYnqDRktNDw,
      decimals: -3,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:CurrentFederalTaxExpenseBenefit,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: Unit_Standard_USD_eWUsw9thZ0OXbJfwaGbesg,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R53: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: med-20191231x10kab6561.htm,
      contextRef: Duration_1_1_2019_To_12_31_2019_lC5hSIrGWk6IYnqDRktNDw,
      decimals: -3,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit,
      reportCount: 1,
      unitRef: Unit_Standard_USD_eWUsw9thZ0OXbJfwaGbesg,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 41103 - Disclosure - Income Taxes (Summary of Tax Provision Allocation to Financial Statement Items) (Detail),
     role: http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesSummaryOfTaxProvisionAllocationToFinancialStatementItemsDetail,
     shortName: Income Taxes (Summary of Tax Provision Allocation to Financial Statement Items) (Detail),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       med:ScheduleOfComponentsOfTotalIncomeTaxProvisionsTableTextBlock,
       us-gaap:IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: med-20191231x10kab6561.htm,
      contextRef: Duration_1_1_2019_To_12_31_2019_lC5hSIrGWk6IYnqDRktNDw,
      decimals: -3,
      lang: null,
      name: med:UnrealizedGainLossOnInvestmentSecuritiesAndForeignCurrencyIncomeTaxEffectsAllocatedToEquity,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: Unit_Standard_USD_eWUsw9thZ0OXbJfwaGbesg,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R54: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock,
       us-gaap:IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: med-20191231x10kab6561.htm,
      contextRef: As_Of_12_31_2019_U12zdR8lXkWyDJlvzeFUBg,
      decimals: -3,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseReservesAndAccruals,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: Unit_Standard_USD_eWUsw9thZ0OXbJfwaGbesg,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 41104 - Disclosure - Income Taxes (Deferred Tax Assets (Liabilities)) (Detail),
     role: http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesDetail,
     shortName: Income Taxes (Deferred Tax Assets (Liabilities)) (Detail),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock,
       us-gaap:IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: med-20191231x10kab6561.htm,
      contextRef: As_Of_12_31_2019_U12zdR8lXkWyDJlvzeFUBg,
      decimals: -3,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseReservesAndAccruals,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: Unit_Standard_USD_eWUsw9thZ0OXbJfwaGbesg,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R55: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: med-20191231x10kab6561.htm,
      contextRef: Duration_1_1_2019_To_12_31_2019_lC5hSIrGWk6IYnqDRktNDw,
      decimals: -3,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:IncomeTaxReconciliationIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: Unit_Standard_USD_eWUsw9thZ0OXbJfwaGbesg,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 41105 - Disclosure - Income Taxes (Statutory Tax Rate and Effective Tax Rate) (Detail),
     role: http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesStatutoryTaxRateAndEffectiveTaxRateDetail,
     shortName: Income Taxes (Statutory Tax Rate and Effective Tax Rate) (Detail),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: med-20191231x10kab6561.htm,
      contextRef: Duration_1_1_2019_To_12_31_2019_lC5hSIrGWk6IYnqDRktNDw,
      decimals: -3,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:IncomeTaxReconciliationIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: Unit_Standard_USD_eWUsw9thZ0OXbJfwaGbesg,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R56: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p,
       us-gaap:CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: med-20191231x10kab6561.htm,
      contextRef: Duration_1_1_2019_To_12_31_2019_lC5hSIrGWk6IYnqDRktNDw,
      decimals: -5,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:OperatingLeaseCost,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: Unit_Standard_USD_eWUsw9thZ0OXbJfwaGbesg,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 41201 - Disclosure - Leases and Commitments (Narrative) (Details),
     role: http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureLeasesAndCommitmentsNarrativeDetails,
     shortName: Leases and Commitments (Narrative) (Details),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p,
       us-gaap:CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: med-20191231x10kab6561.htm,
      contextRef: Duration_1_1_2019_To_12_31_2019_lC5hSIrGWk6IYnqDRktNDw,
      decimals: -5,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:OperatingLeaseCost,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: Unit_Standard_USD_eWUsw9thZ0OXbJfwaGbesg,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R57: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       ix:continuation,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: med-20191231x10kab6561.htm,
      contextRef: Duration_1_1_2019_To_12_31_2019_lC5hSIrGWk6IYnqDRktNDw,
      decimals: -3,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:OperatingLeasePayments,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: Unit_Standard_USD_eWUsw9thZ0OXbJfwaGbesg,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 41202 - Disclosure - Leases and Commitments (Schedule of Supplemental Cash Flow Information) (Details),
     role: http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureLeasesAndCommitmentsScheduleOfSupplementalCashFlowInformationDetails,
     shortName: Leases and Commitments (Schedule of Supplemental Cash Flow Information) (Details),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       ix:continuation,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: med-20191231x10kab6561.htm,
      contextRef: Duration_1_1_2019_To_12_31_2019_lC5hSIrGWk6IYnqDRktNDw,
      decimals: -3,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:OperatingLeasePayments,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: Unit_Standard_USD_eWUsw9thZ0OXbJfwaGbesg,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R58: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       us-gaap:LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityMaturityTableTextBlock,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: med-20191231x10kab6561.htm,
      contextRef: As_Of_12_31_2019_U12zdR8lXkWyDJlvzeFUBg,
      decimals: -3,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueNextTwelveMonths,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: Unit_Standard_USD_eWUsw9thZ0OXbJfwaGbesg,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 41203 - Disclosure - Leases and Commitments (Schedule of Future Minimum Lease Commitments ) (Details),
     role: http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureLeasesAndCommitmentsScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeaseCommitmentsDetails,
     shortName: Leases and Commitments (Schedule of Future Minimum Lease Commitments ) (Details),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       us-gaap:LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityMaturityTableTextBlock,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: med-20191231x10kab6561.htm,
      contextRef: As_Of_12_31_2019_U12zdR8lXkWyDJlvzeFUBg,
      decimals: -3,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueNextTwelveMonths,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: Unit_Standard_USD_eWUsw9thZ0OXbJfwaGbesg,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R59: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       us-gaap:OperatingLeasesOfLesseeDisclosureTextBlock,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: med-20191231x10kab6561.htm,
      contextRef: As_Of_12_31_2018_Miqa-DzzAUiZIw86eCZClg,
      decimals: -3,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueCurrent,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: Unit_Standard_USD_eWUsw9thZ0OXbJfwaGbesg,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 41204 - Disclosure - Leases and Commitments (Schedule of Future Minimum Lease Commitments under Previous Lease Accounting Standard) (Details),
     role: http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureLeasesAndCommitmentsScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeaseCommitmentsUnderPreviousLeaseAccountingStandardDetails,
     shortName: Leases and Commitments (Schedule of Future Minimum Lease Commitments under Previous Lease Accounting Standard) (Details),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       us-gaap:OperatingLeasesOfLesseeDisclosureTextBlock,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: med-20191231x10kab6561.htm,
      contextRef: As_Of_12_31_2018_Miqa-DzzAUiZIw86eCZClg,
      decimals: -3,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueCurrent,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: Unit_Standard_USD_eWUsw9thZ0OXbJfwaGbesg,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R6: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationTableTextBlock,
       us-gaap:QuarterlyFinancialInformationTextBlock,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: med-20191231x10kab6561.htm,
      contextRef: Duration_10_1_2019_To_12_31_2019_SGHW5cK7EUmPs-ikf0S3GQ,
      decimals: -3,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:NetIncomeLoss,
      reportCount: 1,
      unitRef: Unit_Standard_USD_eWUsw9thZ0OXbJfwaGbesg,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: statement,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 00400 - Statement - CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS,
     role: http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows,
     shortName: CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS,
     subGroupType: ",
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: med-20191231x10kab6561.htm,
      contextRef: Duration_1_1_2019_To_12_31_2019_lC5hSIrGWk6IYnqDRktNDw,
      decimals: -3,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: Unit_Standard_USD_eWUsw9thZ0OXbJfwaGbesg,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R60: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationTableTextBlock,
       us-gaap:QuarterlyFinancialInformationTextBlock,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: med-20191231x10kab6561.htm,
      contextRef: Duration_10_1_2019_To_12_31_2019_SGHW5cK7EUmPs-ikf0S3GQ,
      decimals: -3,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:Revenues,
      reportCount: 1,
      unitRef: Unit_Standard_USD_eWUsw9thZ0OXbJfwaGbesg,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 41401 - Disclosure - Selected Quarterly Financial Data (unaudited) (Quarterly Financial Information) (Details),
     role: http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureSelectedQuarterlyFinancialDataUnauditedQuarterlyFinancialInformationDetails,
     shortName: Selected Quarterly Financial Data (unaudited) (Quarterly Financial Information) (Details),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: null
    },
    R7: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: med-20191231x10kab6561.htm,
      contextRef: As_Of_12_31_2016_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis_us-gaap_CommonStockMember_WhKUMkQYAEq9EZE-idFzfg,
      decimals: -3,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:StockholdersEquity,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: Unit_Standard_USD_eWUsw9thZ0OXbJfwaGbesg,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: statement,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 00500 - Statement - CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY,
     role: http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfChangesInStockholdersEquity,
     shortName: CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY,
     subGroupType: ",
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: med-20191231x10kab6561.htm,
      contextRef: As_Of_12_31_2016_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis_us-gaap_CommonStockMember_WhKUMkQYAEq9EZE-idFzfg,
      decimals: -3,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:StockholdersEquity,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: Unit_Standard_USD_eWUsw9thZ0OXbJfwaGbesg,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R8: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: med-20191231x10kab6561.htm,
      contextRef: Duration_1_1_2019_To_12_31_2019_lC5hSIrGWk6IYnqDRktNDw,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:BusinessDescriptionAndBasisOfPresentationTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 10101 - Disclosure - Nature of the Business,
     role: http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureNatureOfBusiness,
     shortName: Nature of the Business,
     subGroupType: ",
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: med-20191231x10kab6561.htm,
      contextRef: Duration_1_1_2019_To_12_31_2019_lC5hSIrGWk6IYnqDRktNDw,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:BusinessDescriptionAndBasisOfPresentationTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R9: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: med-20191231x10kab6561.htm,
      contextRef: Duration_1_1_2019_To_12_31_2019_lC5hSIrGWk6IYnqDRktNDw,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:SignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 10201 - Disclosure - Significant Accounting Policies,
     role: http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureSignificantAccountingPolicies,
     shortName: Significant Accounting Policies,
     subGroupType: ",
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: med-20191231x10kab6561.htm,
      contextRef: Duration_1_1_2019_To_12_31_2019_lC5hSIrGWk6IYnqDRktNDw,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:SignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
   },
   segmentCount: 38,
   tag: {
    dei_AmendmentFlag: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.,
        label: Amendment Flag
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AmendmentFlag,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation
     ],
     xbrltype: booleanItemType
    },
    dei_CityAreaCode: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Area code of city,
        label: City Area Code
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CityAreaCode,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation
     ],
     xbrltype: normalizedStringItemType
    },
    dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.,
        label: Current Fiscal Year End Date
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CurrentFiscalYearEndDate,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation
     ],
     xbrltype: gMonthDayItemType
    },
    dei_DocumentAnnualReport: {
     auth_ref: [
      r334
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Boolean flag that is true only for a form used as an annual report.,
        label: Document Annual Report
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DocumentAnnualReport,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation
     ],
     xbrltype: booleanItemType
    },
    dei_DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Fiscal period values are FY
 Q1
 Q2
 and Q3.  1st
 2nd and 3rd quarter 10-Q or 10-QT statements have value Q1
 Q2
 and Q3 respectively
 with 10-K
 10-KT or other fiscal year statements having FY.,
        label: Document Fiscal Period Focus
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation
     ],
     xbrltype: fiscalPeriodItemType
    },
    dei_DocumentFiscalYearFocus: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: This is focus fiscal year of the document report in CCYY format. For a 2006 annual report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.,
        label: Document Fiscal Year Focus
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DocumentFiscalYearFocus,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation
     ],
     xbrltype: gYearItemType
    },
    dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The end date of the period reflected on the cover page if a periodic report. For all other reports and registration statements containing historical data
 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD.,
        label: Document Period End Date
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DocumentPeriodEndDate,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation
     ],
     xbrltype: dateItemType
    },
    dei_DocumentTransitionReport: {
     auth_ref: [
      r333
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Boolean flag that is true only for a form used as a transition report.,
        label: Document Transition Report 1
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DocumentTransitionReport,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation
     ],
     xbrltype: booleanItemType
    },
    dei_DocumentType: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The type of document being provided (such as 10-K
 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word 'Other'.,
        label: Document Type
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DocumentType,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation
     ],
     xbrltype: submissionTypeItemType
    },
    dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Address Line 1 such as Attn
 Building Name
 Street Name,
        label: Entity Address
 Address Line One
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EntityAddressAddressLine1,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation
     ],
     xbrltype: normalizedStringItemType
    },
    dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Name of the City or Town,
        label: Entity Address
 City or Town
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EntityAddressCityOrTown,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation
     ],
     xbrltype: normalizedStringItemType
    },
    dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Code for the postal or zip code,
        label: Entity Address
 Postal Zip Code
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EntityAddressPostalZipCode,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation
     ],
     xbrltype: normalizedStringItemType
    },
    dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Name of the state or province.,
        label: Entity Address
 State or Province
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EntityAddressStateOrProvince,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation
     ],
     xbrltype: stateOrProvinceItemType
    },
    dei_EntityCentralIndexKey: {
     auth_ref: [
      r335
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.,
        label: Entity Central Index Key
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EntityCentralIndexKey,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation
     ],
     xbrltype: centralIndexKeyItemType
    },
    dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Indicate number of shares or other units outstanding of each of registrant's classes of capital or common stock or other ownership interests
 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.,
        label: Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    dei_EntityCurrentReportingStatus: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Indicate 'Yes' or 'No' whether registrants (1) have filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that registrants were required to file such reports)
 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.,
        label: Entity Current Reporting Status
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EntityCurrentReportingStatus,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation
     ],
     xbrltype: yesNoItemType
    },
    dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany: {
     auth_ref: [
      r335
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.,
        label: Entity Emerging Growth Company
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EntityEmergingGrowthCompany,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation
     ],
     xbrltype: booleanItemType
    },
    dei_EntityFileNumber: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits
 the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits
 the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters
 and the fields are separated with a hyphen.,
        label: Entity File Number
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EntityFileNumber,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation
     ],
     xbrltype: fileNumberItemType
    },
    dei_EntityFilerCategory: {
     auth_ref: [
      r335
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Indicate whether the registrant is one of the following: Large Accelerated Filer
 Accelerated Filer
 Non-accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.,
        label: Entity Filer Category
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EntityFilerCategory,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation
     ],
     xbrltype: filerCategoryItemType
    },
    dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.,
        label: Entity Incorporation
 State or Country Code
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation
     ],
     xbrltype: edgarStateCountryItemType
    },
    dei_EntityInteractiveDataCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r336
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Boolean flag that is true when the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files).,
        label: Entity Interactive Data Current
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EntityInteractiveDataCurrent,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation
     ],
     xbrltype: yesNoItemType
    },
    dei_EntityPublicFloat: {
     auth_ref: [],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold
 or the average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of the registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter.,
        label: Entity Public Float
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EntityPublicFloat,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    dei_EntityRegistrantName: {
     auth_ref: [
      r335
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter
 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.,
        label: Entity Registrant Name
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EntityRegistrantName,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation
     ],
     xbrltype: normalizedStringItemType
    },
    dei_EntityShellCompany: {
     auth_ref: [
      r335
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Boolean flag that is true when the registrant is a shell company as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.,
        label: Entity Shell Company
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EntityShellCompany,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation
     ],
     xbrltype: booleanItemType
    },
    dei_EntitySmallBusiness: {
     auth_ref: [
      r335
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Indicates that the company is a Smaller Reporting Company (SRC).,
        label: Entity Small Business
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EntitySmallBusiness,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation
     ],
     xbrltype: booleanItemType
    },
    dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber: {
     auth_ref: [
      r335
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The Tax Identification Number (TIN)
 also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN)
 is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.,
        label: Entity Tax Identification Number
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EntityTaxIdentificationNumber,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation
     ],
     xbrltype: employerIdItemType
    },
    dei_EntityVoluntaryFilers: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Indicate 'Yes' or 'No' if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.,
        label: Entity Voluntary Filers
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EntityVoluntaryFilers,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation
     ],
     xbrltype: yesNoItemType
    },
    dei_EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Indicate 'Yes' or 'No' if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.,
        label: Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation
     ],
     xbrltype: yesNoItemType
    },
    dei_LocalPhoneNumber: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Local phone number for entity.,
        label: Local Phone Number
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LocalPhoneNumber,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation
     ],
     xbrltype: normalizedStringItemType
    },
    dei_Security12bTitle: {
     auth_ref: [
      r331
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Title of a 12(b) registered security.,
        label: Title of 12(b) Security
       }
      }
     },
     localname: Security12bTitle,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation
     ],
     xbrltype: securityTitleItemType
    },
    dei_SecurityExchangeName: {
     auth_ref: [
      r332
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.,
        label: Security Exchange Name
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SecurityExchangeName,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation
     ],
     xbrltype: edgarExchangeCodeItemType
    },
    dei_TradingSymbol: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.,
        label: Trading Symbol
       }
      }
     },
     localname: TradingSymbol,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation
     ],
     xbrltype: tradingSymbolItemType
    },
    med_AccountsReceivableAndAllowanceForSalesReturnsAndDoubtfulAccountsPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for accounts receivable and allowance for sales returns and doubtful accounts for the reporting period.,
        label: Accounts Receivable And Allowance For Sales Returns And Doubtful Accounts Policy [Text Block],
        verboseLabel: Accounts Receivable and Allowance for Doubtful Accounts
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AccountsReceivableAndAllowanceForSalesReturnsAndDoubtfulAccountsPolicyTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://www.medifast1.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    med_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesMaturityPeriod: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of maturity year relating to investment securities.,
        label: Available for Sale Securities Maturity Period,
        terseLabel: Available for Sale Securities Maturity Period
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AvailableForSaleSecuritiesMaturityPeriod,
     nsuri: http://www.medifast1.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureFinancialInstrumentsNarrativeDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    },
    med_BuildingAndLeaseholdImprovementsMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Building And Leasehold Improvements [Member],
        terseLabel: Building and Leasehold Improvements [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: BuildingAndLeaseholdImprovementsMember,
     nsuri: http://www.medifast1.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosurePropertyPlantAndEquipmentPropertyPlantAndEquipmentDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    med_CashAndCashEquivalentsAndMarketableSecuritiesLineItems: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: N/A,
        label: Cash And Cash Equivalents And Marketable securities [Line Items]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CashAndCashEquivalentsAndMarketableSecuritiesLineItems,
     nsuri: http://www.medifast1.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureFinancialInstrumentsCashAndAvailableForSaleSecuritiesAdjustedCostGrossUnrealizedGainsGrossUnrealizedLossesAndFairValueBySignificantInvestmentCategoryDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    med_CashAndCashEquivalentsAndMarketableSecuritiesTable: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: N/A,
        label: Cash And Cash Equivalents And Marketable securities [Table]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CashAndCashEquivalentsAndMarketableSecuritiesTable,
     nsuri: http://www.medifast1.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureFinancialInstrumentsCashAndAvailableForSaleSecuritiesAdjustedCostGrossUnrealizedGainsGrossUnrealizedLossesAndFairValueBySignificantInvestmentCategoryDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    med_CertainKeyExecutiveMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Represents information pertaining to certain key executive.,
        label: Certain Key Executive [Member],
        terseLabel: Certain Key Executive [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CertainKeyExecutiveMember,
     nsuri: http://www.medifast1.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    med_DenominatorAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Denominator [Abstract],
        verboseLabel: Denominator:
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DenominatorAbstract,
     nsuri: http://www.medifast1.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureEarningsPerShareEarningsPerShareDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    med_DocumentAndEntityInformationAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Document And Entity Information [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DocumentAndEntityInformationAbstract,
     nsuri: http://www.medifast1.com/20191231,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    med_EquipmentAndFixturesMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Equipment And Fixtures [Member],
        terseLabel: Equipment and Fixtures [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EquipmentAndFixturesMember,
     nsuri: http://www.medifast1.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosurePropertyPlantAndEquipmentPropertyPlantAndEquipmentDetail,
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesSummaryOfEstimatedUsefulLivesOfAssetsDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    med_EstimatedTaxActImpactOnEarningsPerCommonShare: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Estimated Tax Act impact on earnings per common share,
        label: Estimated Tax Act impact on earnings per common share,
        terseLabel: Estimated Tax Act impact on earnings per common share
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EstimatedTaxActImpactOnEarningsPerCommonShare,
     nsuri: http://www.medifast1.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesNarrativeDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    },
    med_FinancialInstrumentsLineItems: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Financial Instruments [Line Items]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FinancialInstrumentsLineItems,
     nsuri: http://www.medifast1.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureFinancialInstrumentsNarrativeDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    med_GovernmentAgencySecuritiesMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Government Agency Securities [Member],
        terseLabel: Government and Agency Securities [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: GovernmentAgencySecuritiesMember,
     nsuri: http://www.medifast1.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureFinancialInstrumentsCashAndAvailableForSaleSecuritiesAdjustedCostGrossUnrealizedGainsGrossUnrealizedLossesAndFairValueBySignificantInvestmentCategoryDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    med_InventoryNonFoodFinishedGoods: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureInventoriesDetail: {
       order: 3.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_InventoryNet,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before last-in first-out (LIFO) and valuation reserves of (Non-food) merchandise or goods held by the entity that are readily available for sale.,
        label: Inventory Non Food Finished Goods,
        verboseLabel: Non-food finished goods
       }
      }
     },
     localname: InventoryNonFoodFinishedGoods,
     nsuri: http://www.medifast1.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureInventoriesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    med_KeyExecutivesMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Represents information pertaining to certain key executive.,
        label: Key Executives [Member],
        terseLabel: Key Executives [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: KeyExecutivesMember,
     nsuri: http://www.medifast1.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    med_MarylandStateMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Maryland State [Member],
        terseLabel: Maryland State [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: MarylandStateMember,
     nsuri: http://www.medifast1.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesNarrativeDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    med_NumeratorAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Numerator [Abstract],
        verboseLabel: Numerator:
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NumeratorAbstract,
     nsuri: http://www.medifast1.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureEarningsPerShareEarningsPerShareDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    med_OperatingLeaseArrangementForEquipmentMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Represents the operating lease arrangement for equipment.,
        label: Operating Lease Arrangement For Equipment [Member],
        terseLabel: Operating Lease Arrangement for Equipment [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OperatingLeaseArrangementForEquipmentMember,
     nsuri: http://www.medifast1.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureLeasesAndCommitmentsNarrativeDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    med_OperatingLeaseArrangementForRealEstateMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Represents the operating lease arrangement for real estate.,
        label: Operating Lease Arrangement For Real Estate [Member],
        terseLabel: Operating Lease Arrangement for Real Estate [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OperatingLeaseArrangementForRealEstateMember,
     nsuri: http://www.medifast1.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureLeasesAndCommitmentsNarrativeDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    med_OperatingLossCarryforwardsExpirationYear: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Operating loss carryforwards expiration year.,
        label: Operating Loss Carryforwards Expiration Year,
        terseLabel: Operating loss carryforwards expiration year
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OperatingLossCarryforwardsExpirationYear,
     nsuri: http://www.medifast1.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesNarrativeDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: gYearItemType
    },
    med_PromotionalSalesIncentiveAccruals: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureAccountsPayableAndAccruedExpensesAccountsPayableAndAccruedExpensesDetail: {
       order: 5.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Promotional sales incentive accruals,
        label: Promotional sales incentive accruals,
        terseLabel: Promotional sales incentive accruals
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PromotionalSalesIncentiveAccruals,
     nsuri: http://www.medifast1.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureAccountsPayableAndAccruedExpensesAccountsPayableAndAccruedExpensesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    med_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentScheduleOfEstimatedUsefulLivesOfAssetsTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of estimated useful lives of the assets acquired during the reporting period.,
        label: Property Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Estimated Useful Lives Of Assets [Table Text Block],
        verboseLabel: Property Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Significant Acquisitions And Disposals
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentScheduleOfEstimatedUsefulLivesOfAssetsTableTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://www.medifast1.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    med_ScheduleOfComponentsOfTotalIncomeTaxProvisionsTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Schedule Of Components Of Total Income Tax Provisions [Table Text Block],
        verboseLabel: Schedule Of Components Of Total Income Tax Provision
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfComponentsOfTotalIncomeTaxProvisionsTableTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://www.medifast1.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    med_ScheduleOfFinancialInstrumentsTable: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Schedule of Financial Instruments [Table]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfFinancialInstrumentsTable,
     nsuri: http://www.medifast1.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureFinancialInstrumentsNarrativeDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    med_StockRepurchaseProgramAdditionalSharesAuthorized: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Stock Repurchase Program Additional Shares Authorized,
        label: Stock Repurchase Program Additional Shares Authorized,
        terseLabel: Additional shares authorized for repurchase
       }
      }
     },
     localname: StockRepurchaseProgramAdditionalSharesAuthorized,
     nsuri: http://www.medifast1.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureEquityNarrativeDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    med_SupplementalCashFlowInformationRelatedToOperatingLeasesTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Supplemental cash flow information related to the Company's operating leases,
        label: Supplemental cash flow information related to operating leases [Table Text Block]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SupplementalCashFlowInformationRelatedToOperatingLeasesTableTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://www.medifast1.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureLeasesAndCommitmentsTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    med_UnrealizedGainLossOnInvestmentSecuritiesAndForeignCurrencyIncomeTaxEffectsAllocatedToEquity: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesSummaryOfTaxProvisionAllocationToFinancialStatementItemsDetail: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefitIntraperiodTaxAllocation,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The sum of the tax effects of unrealized gain (loss) on investment securities &amp; foreign currency occurring during the period that have been charged or credited directly to other comprehensive income or to related components of shareholders' equity.,
        label: Unrealized Gain Loss On Investment Securities And Foreign Currency Income Tax Effects Allocated To Equity,
        terseLabel: Stockholders' equity
 unrealized gain (loss) on investment securities &amp; foreign currency
       }
      }
     },
     localname: UnrealizedGainLossOnInvestmentSecuritiesAndForeignCurrencyIncomeTaxEffectsAllocatedToEquity,
     nsuri: http://www.medifast1.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesSummaryOfTaxProvisionAllocationToFinancialStatementItemsDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    srt_ChiefExecutiveOfficerMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r144
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Chief Executive Officer [Member],
        terseLabel: Chief Executive Officer [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ChiefExecutiveOfficerMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    srt_MaximumMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Maximum [Member],
        terseLabel: Maximum [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: MaximumMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureLeasesAndCommitmentsNarrativeDetails,
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesSummaryOfEstimatedUsefulLivesOfAssetsDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    srt_MinimumMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Minimum [Member],
        terseLabel: Minimum [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: MinimumMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureLeasesAndCommitmentsNarrativeDetails,
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesSummaryOfEstimatedUsefulLivesOfAssetsDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    srt_RangeAxis: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Range [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RangeAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureLeasesAndCommitmentsNarrativeDetails,
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesSummaryOfEstimatedUsefulLivesOfAssetsDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    srt_RangeMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Range [Member],
        terseLabel: Range [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RangeMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureLeasesAndCommitmentsNarrativeDetails,
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesSummaryOfEstimatedUsefulLivesOfAssetsDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    srt_RestatementAxis: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Restatement [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RestatementAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheets,
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfChangesInStockholdersEquity
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    srt_RestatementDomain: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Restatement [Domain],
        terseLabel: Restatement [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RestatementDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheets,
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfChangesInStockholdersEquity
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    srt_ScenarioPreviouslyReportedMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r110,
      r111,
      r112
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Scenario Previously Reported [Member],
        terseLabel: Scenario
 Previously Reported [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScenarioPreviouslyReportedMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheets,
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfChangesInStockholdersEquity
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    srt_SegmentGeographicalDomain: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Segment Geographical [Domain],
        terseLabel: Geographical [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SegmentGeographicalDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesNarrativeDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    srt_StatementGeographicalAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r143,
      r185,
      r188,
      r317,
      r327,
      r329
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Geographical [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: StatementGeographicalAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesNarrativeDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    srt_TitleOfIndividualAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r144,
      r291
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Title of Individual [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: TitleOfIndividualAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    srt_TitleOfIndividualWithRelationshipToEntityDomain: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Title Of Individual With Relationship To Entity [Domain],
        terseLabel: Relationship to Entity [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: TitleOfIndividualWithRelationshipToEntityDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Summary of Significant Accounting Policies [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AccountingPoliciesAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r40
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureAccountsPayableAndAccruedExpensesAccountsPayableAndAccruedExpensesDetail: {
       order: null,
       parentTag: null,
       root: true,
       weight: null
      },
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Sum of the carrying values as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred through that date and due within one year (or the operating cycle
 if longer)
 including liabilities incurred (and for which invoices have typically been received) and payable to vendors for goods and services received
 taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities
 accrued salaries and bonuses
 payroll taxes and fringe benefits.,
        label: Accounts Payable and Accrued Liabilities
 Current
 Total,
        terseLabel: Accounts payable and accrued expenses,
        totalLabel: Total
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureAccountsPayableAndAccruedExpensesAccountsPayableAndAccruedExpensesDetail,
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesImpactOfNewAccountingPrinciplesBalanceSheetsDetail,
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesCurrentAndNoncurrentAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Accounts Payable and Accrued Liabilities [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesCurrentAndNoncurrentAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r39
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for accounts payable and accrued liabilities at the end of the reporting period.,
        label: Accounts Payable and Accrued Liabilities Disclosure [Text Block],
        verboseLabel: Accounts Payable and Accrued Expenses
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesDisclosureTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureAccountsPayableAndAccruedExpenses
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AccountsPayableTradeCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r10,
      r38
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureAccountsPayableAndAccruedExpensesAccountsPayableAndAccruedExpensesDetail: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred (and for which invoices have typically been received) and payable to vendors for goods and services received that are used in an entity's business. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).,
        label: Accounts Payable
 Trade
 Current,
        terseLabel: Trade payables and accrued expenses
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AccountsPayableTradeCurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureAccountsPayableAndAccruedExpensesAccountsPayableAndAccruedExpensesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNetCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r4,
      r22,
      r145,
      r146,
      r186
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_AssetsCurrent,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount
 after allowance for credit loss
 of right to consideration from customer for product sold and service rendered in normal course of business
 classified as current.,
        label: Accounts Receivable
 Net
 Current
 Total,
        terseLabel: Accounts receivable
 net,
        verboseLabel: Accounts receivable-net of doubtful accounts of $235 and $394 at December 31
 2019 and December 31
 2018
 respectively
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AccountsReceivableNetCurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesImpactOfNewAccountingPrinciplesBalanceSheetsDetail,
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AccruedMarketingCostsCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureAccountsPayableAndAccruedExpensesAccountsPayableAndAccruedExpensesDetail: {
       order: 6.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred through that date and payable for the marketing
 trade and selling of the entity's goods and services.   Marketing costs would include expenditures for planning and executing the conception
 pricing
 promotion
 and distribution of ideas
 goods
 and services; costs of public relations and corporate promotions; and obligations incurred and payable for sales discounts
 rebates
 price protection programs
 etc. offered to customers and under government programs. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).,
        label: Accrued Marketing Costs
 Current,
        terseLabel: Coach incentive accruals
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AccruedMarketingCostsCurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureAccountsPayableAndAccruedExpensesAccountsPayableAndAccruedExpensesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AccruedRentCurrentAndNoncurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r16,
      r17,
      r297,
      r311
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred through that date and payable for contractual rent under lease arrangements.,
        label: Accrued Rent,
        terseLabel: Accrued Rent
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AccruedRentCurrentAndNoncurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AccruedSalariesCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r9,
      r10,
      r42
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureAccountsPayableAndAccruedExpensesAccountsPayableAndAccruedExpensesDetail: {
       order: 4.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of the obligations incurred through that date and payable for employees' services provided. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).,
        label: Accrued Salaries
 Current,
        terseLabel: Accrued payroll and related taxes
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AccruedSalariesCurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureAccountsPayableAndAccruedExpensesAccountsPayableAndAccruedExpensesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AccruedSalesCommissionCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r9,
      r10,
      r42
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureAccountsPayableAndAccruedExpensesAccountsPayableAndAccruedExpensesDetail: {
       order: 3.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred through that date and payable for sales commissions. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).,
        label: Accrued Sales Commission
 Current,
        verboseLabel: Sales commissions payable
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AccruedSalesCommissionCurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureAccountsPayableAndAccruedExpensesAccountsPayableAndAccruedExpensesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment: {
     auth_ref: [
      r36,
      r168
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosurePropertyPlantAndEquipmentPropertyPlantAndEquipmentDetail: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization for physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services.,
        label: Accumulated Depreciation
 Depletion and Amortization
 Property
 Plant
 and Equipment,
        verboseLabel: Less accumulated depreciation and amortization
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosurePropertyPlantAndEquipmentPropertyPlantAndEquipmentDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossAvailableForSaleSecuritiesAdjustmentNetOfTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r58
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossScheduleOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossDetails: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount
 after tax
 of accumulated unrealized gain (loss) on investment in debt security measured at fair value with change in fair value recognized in other comprehensive income (available-for-sale).,
        label: Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Available-for-sale Securities Adjustment
 Net of Tax,
        terseLabel: Unrealized losses on marketable securities
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossAvailableForSaleSecuritiesAdjustmentNetOfTax,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossScheduleOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r53,
      r57,
      r58,
      r59,
      r266,
      r269,
      r271
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossScheduleOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossDetails: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Accumulated adjustment
 net of tax
 that results from the process of translating subsidiary financial statements and foreign equity investments into the reporting currency from the functional currency of the reporting entity
 net of reclassification of realized foreign currency translation gains or losses.,
        label: Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Foreign Currency Translation Adjustment
 Net of Tax,
        terseLabel: Foreign currency translation
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTax,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossScheduleOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r57,
      r58,
      r59
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossScheduleOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossDetails: {
       order: null,
       parentTag: null,
       root: true,
       weight: null
      },
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 3.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_StockholdersEquity,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Accumulated change in equity from transactions and other events and circumstances from non-owner sources
 net of tax effect
 at period end. Excludes Net Income (Loss)
 and accumulated changes in equity from transactions resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners. Includes foreign currency translation items
 certain pension adjustments
 unrealized gains and losses on certain investments in debt and equity securities
 other than temporary impairment (OTTI) losses related to factors other than credit losses on available-for-sale and held-to-maturity debt securities that an entity does not intend to sell and it is not more likely than not that the entity will be required to sell before recovery of the amortized cost basis
 as well as changes in the fair value of derivatives related to the effective portion of a designated cash flow hedge.,
        label: Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income Loss Net Of Tax,
        terseLabel: Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss),
        totalLabel: Accumulated other comprehensive loss
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossScheduleOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossDetails,
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r56,
      r59,
      r62,
      r258
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Accumulated increase (decrease) in equity from transactions and other events and circumstances from non-owner sources
 attributable to the parent. Excludes net income (loss)
 and accumulated changes in equity from transactions resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners.,
        label: Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income [Member],
        terseLabel: Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfChangesInStockholdersEquity
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapital: {
     auth_ref: [
      r23
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_StockholdersEquity,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Excess of issue price over par or stated value of the entity's capital stock and amounts received from other transactions involving the entity's stock or stockholders. Includes adjustments to additional paid in capital. Some examples of such adjustments include recording the issuance of debt with a beneficial conversion feature and certain tax consequences of equity instruments awarded to employees. Use this element for the aggregate amount of additional paid-in capital associated with common and preferred stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only common stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 common stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only preferred stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 preferred stock.,
        label: Additional Paid In Capital,
        terseLabel: Additional paid-in capital
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AdditionalPaidInCapital,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Excess of issue price over par or stated value of the entity's capital stock and amounts received from other transactions involving the entity's stock or stockholders.,
        label: Additional Paid In Capital [Member],
        terseLabel: Additional Paid- In Capital [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfChangesInStockholdersEquity
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AdjustmentsRelatedToTaxWithholdingForShareBasedCompensation: {
     auth_ref: [],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of decrease to equity for grantee's tax withholding obligation for award under share-based payment arrangement.,
        label: Adjustments Related to Tax Withholding for Share-based Compensation,
        negatedLabel: Net shares repurchased for employee taxes
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AdjustmentsRelatedToTaxWithholdingForShareBasedCompensation,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfChangesInStockholdersEquity
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationAndExerciseOfStockOptions: {
     auth_ref: [],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase (decrease) to additional paid-in capital (APIC) for recognition and exercise of award under share-based payment arrangement.,
        label: Adjustments to Additional Paid in Capital
 Share-based Compensation and Exercise of Stock Options,
        terseLabel: Share-based compensation
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationAndExerciseOfStockOptions,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfChangesInStockholdersEquity
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AdjustmentsToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Adjustments To Reconcile Net Income Loss To Cash Provided By Used In Operating Activities [Abstract],
        terseLabel: Adjustments to reconcile net income to cash provided by operating activities
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AdjustmentsToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AdvertisingCostsPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r227
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for advertising cost.,
        label: Advertising Costs
 Policy [Policy Text Block],
        verboseLabel: Advertising Costs
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AdvertisingCostsPolicyTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AdvertisingExpense: {
     auth_ref: [
      r228
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount charged to advertising expense for the period
 which are expenses incurred with the objective of increasing revenue for a specified brand
 product or product line.,
        label: Advertising Expense,
        terseLabel: Advertising expense
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AdvertisingExpense,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r147,
      r152,
      r153,
      r155
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of allowance for credit loss on accounts receivable.,
        label: Allowance for Doubtful Accounts Receivable,
        terseLabel: Allowance for doubtful accounts
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivable,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheetsParenthetical
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareAmount: {
     auth_ref: [
      r120
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Securities (including those issuable pursuant to contingent stock agreements) that could potentially dilute basic earnings per share (EPS) or earnings per unit (EPU) in the future that were not included in the computation of diluted EPS or EPU because to do so would increase EPS or EPU amounts or decrease loss per share or unit amounts for the period presented.,
        label: Antidilutive Securities Excluded from Computation of Earnings Per Share
 Amount,
        verboseLabel: Anti-dilutive awards
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareAmount,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureEarningsPerShareNarrativeDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareByAntidilutiveSecuritiesAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r120
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of antidilutive security.,
        label: Antidilutive Securities [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareByAntidilutiveSecuritiesAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureEarningsPerShareNarrativeDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesNameDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r120
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Incremental common shares attributable to securities that were not included in diluted earnings per share (EPS) because to do so would increase EPS amounts or decrease loss per share amounts for the period presented.,
        label: Antidilutive Securities Name [Domain],
        terseLabel: Antidilutive Securities
 Name [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AntidilutiveSecuritiesNameDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureEarningsPerShareNarrativeDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ArrangementsAndNonarrangementTransactionsMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Collaborative arrangement and arrangement other than collaborative applicable to revenue-generating activity or operations.,
        label: Arrangements And Nonarrangement Transactions [Member],
        terseLabel: Collaborative Arrangement and Arrangement Other than Collaborative [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ArrangementsAndNonarrangementTransactionsMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureLeasesAndCommitmentsNarrativeDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_Assets: {
     auth_ref: [
      r141,
      r295,
      r310
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: null,
       parentTag: null,
       root: true,
       weight: null
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are recognized. Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.,
        label: Assets
 Total,
        totalLabel: TOTAL ASSETS
       }
      }
     },
     localname: Assets,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AssetsAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Assets [Abstract],
        terseLabel: ASSETS
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AssetsAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesImpactOfNewAccountingPrinciplesBalanceSheetsDetail,
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AssetsCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r6,
      r8,
      r52
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_Assets,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are expected to be realized in cash
 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.,
        label: Assets
 Current
 Total,
        totalLabel: Total current assets
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AssetsCurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AssetsCurrentAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Assets Current [Abstract],
        terseLabel: Current Assets
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AssetsCurrentAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesImpactOfNewAccountingPrinciplesBalanceSheetsDetail,
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesDebtSecuritiesCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r149,
      r156
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of investment in debt security measured at fair value with change in fair value recognized in other comprehensive income (available-for-sale)
 classified as current.,
        label: Available-for-sale Securities
 Debt Securities
 Current,
        terseLabel: Estimated Fair Value
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AvailableForSaleSecuritiesDebtSecuritiesCurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureFinancialInstrumentsCashAndAvailableForSaleSecuritiesAdjustedCostGrossUnrealizedGainsGrossUnrealizedLossesAndFairValueBySignificantInvestmentCategoryDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r194,
      r223
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of award under share-based payment arrangement.,
        label: Award Type [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AwardTypeAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetail,
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureShareBasedCompensationSummaryOfRestrictedStockActivityDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_BuildingAndBuildingImprovementsMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Facility held for productive use including
 but not limited to
 office
 production
 storage and distribution facilities and any addition
 improvement
 or renovation to the structure
 for example
 but not limited to
 interior masonry
 interior flooring
 electrical
 and plumbing.,
        label: Building And Building Improvements [Member],
        terseLabel: Building and Building Improvements [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: BuildingAndBuildingImprovementsMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesSummaryOfEstimatedUsefulLivesOfAssetsDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_BusinessDescriptionAndBasisOfPresentationTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r1,
      r108,
      r136
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for the business description and basis of presentation concepts.  Business description describes the nature and type of organization including but not limited to organizational structure as may be applicable to holding companies
 parent and subsidiary relationships
 business divisions
 business units
 business segments
 affiliates and information about significant ownership of the reporting entity.  Basis of presentation describes the underlying basis used to prepare the financial statements (for example
 US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
 Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting
 IFRS).,
        label: Business Description and Basis of Presentation [Text Block],
        verboseLabel: Nature of the Business
       }
      }
     },
     localname: BusinessDescriptionAndBasisOfPresentationTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureNatureOfBusiness
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CalculatedUnderRevenueGuidanceInEffectBeforeTopic606Member: {
     auth_ref: [
      r189
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Calculated under guidance for revenue recognition in effect prior to change to new guidance for revenue from contract with customer when using transition method for cumulative effect in period including initial date of application.,
        label: Calculated Under Revenue Guidance In Effect Before Topic606 [Member],
        terseLabel: Calculated under Revenue Guidance in Effect before Topic 606 [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CalculatedUnderRevenueGuidanceInEffectBeforeTopic606Member,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfChangesInStockholdersEquity
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r2,
      r33,
      r95
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_AssetsCurrent,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.,
        label: Cash and Cash Equivalents
 at Carrying Value
 Total,
        terseLabel: Cash &amp; Cash Equivalents,
        verboseLabel: Cash and cash equivalents
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureFinancialInstrumentsCashAndAvailableForSaleSecuritiesAdjustedCostGrossUnrealizedGainsGrossUnrealizedLossesAndFairValueBySignificantInvestmentCategoryDetail,
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAxis: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of cash and cash equivalent balance.,
        label: Cash and Cash Equivalents [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CashAndCashEquivalentsAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureFinancialInstrumentsCashAndAvailableForSaleSecuritiesAdjustedCostGrossUnrealizedGainsGrossUnrealizedLossesAndFairValueBySignificantInvestmentCategoryDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r12,
      r96,
      r99
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for cash and cash equivalents
 including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents
 (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk
 (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts)
 and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example
 at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.,
        label: Cash and Cash Equivalents
 Policy [Policy Text Block],
        verboseLabel: Cash and Cash Equivalents
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CashAndCashEquivalentsPolicyTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalents: {
     auth_ref: [
      r89,
      r95,
      r98
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash and cash equivalents
 and cash and cash equivalents restricted to withdrawal or usage. Excludes amount for disposal group and discontinued operations. Cash includes
 but is not limited to
 currency on hand
 demand deposits with banks or financial institutions
 and other accounts with general characteristics of demand deposits. Cash equivalents include
 but are not limited to
 short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates.,
        label: Cash
 Cash Equivalents
 Restricted Cash and Restricted Cash Equivalents,
        periodEndLabel: Cash and cash equivalents - end of period,
        periodStartLabel: Cash and cash equivalents - beginning of the period
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalents,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecreaseIncludingExchangeRateEffect: {
     auth_ref: [
      r89,
      r268
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: null,
       parentTag: null,
       root: true,
       weight: null
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase (decrease) in cash
 cash equivalents
 and cash and cash equivalents restricted to withdrawal or usage; including effect from exchange rate change. Cash includes
 but is not limited to
 currency on hand
 demand deposits with banks or financial institutions
 and other accounts with general characteristics of demand deposits. Cash equivalents include
 but are not limited to
 short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates.,
        label: Cash
 Cash Equivalents
 Restricted Cash and Restricted Cash Equivalents
 Period Increase (Decrease)
 Including Exchange Rate Effect,
        totalLabel: Increase (Decrease) in cash and cash equivalents
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecreaseIncludingExchangeRateEffect,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CashMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r12
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits.,
        label: Cash [Member],
        terseLabel: Cash [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CashMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureFinancialInstrumentsCashAndAvailableForSaleSecuritiesAdjustedCostGrossUnrealizedGainsGrossUnrealizedLossesAndFairValueBySignificantInvestmentCategoryDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CertificatesOfDepositMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r306
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Short to medium-term investment available at banks and savings and loan institutions where a customer agrees to lend money to the institution for a certain amount of time and is paid a predetermined rate of interest. Certificates of deposit (CD) are typically Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) insured.,
        label: Certificates Of Deposit [Member],
        terseLabel: Certificates of Deposit [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CertificatesOfDepositMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureFinancialInstrumentsCashAndAvailableForSaleSecuritiesAdjustedCostGrossUnrealizedGainsGrossUnrealizedLossesAndFairValueBySignificantInvestmentCategoryDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Leases and Commitments [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r174,
      r175
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for commitments and contingencies.,
        label: Commitments and Contingencies Disclosure [Text Block],
        terseLabel: Leases and Commitments
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureLeasesAndCommitments
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CommonStockDividendsPerShareDeclared: {
     auth_ref: [
      r179
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Aggregate dividends declared during the period for each share of common stock outstanding.,
        label: Common Stock
 Dividends
 Per Share
 Declared,
        verboseLabel: Cash dividends declared per share
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CommonStockDividendsPerShareDeclared,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfIncome
     ],
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CommonStockMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Stock that is subordinate to all other stock of the issuer.,
        label: Common Stock [Member],
        terseLabel: Common Stock [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CommonStockMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetail,
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfChangesInStockholdersEquity
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare: {
     auth_ref: [
      r21
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Face amount or stated value per share of common stock.,
        label: Common Stock Par Or Stated Value Per Share,
        terseLabel: Common stock
 par value
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureEquityNarrativeDetails,
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheetsParenthetical
     ],
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized: {
     auth_ref: [
      r21
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The maximum number of common shares permitted to be issued by an entity's charter and bylaws.,
        label: Common Stock Shares Authorized,
        terseLabel: Common stock
 shares authorized
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CommonStockSharesAuthorized,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheetsParenthetical
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued: {
     auth_ref: [
      r21
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.,
        label: Common Stock Shares Issued,
        terseLabel: Common stock
 issued
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CommonStockSharesIssued,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheetsParenthetical
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding: {
     auth_ref: [
      r21,
      r178
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of shares of common stock outstanding. Common stock represent the ownership interest in a corporation.,
        label: Common Stock Shares Outstanding,
        terseLabel: Common stock
 outstanding
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CommonStockSharesOutstanding,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheetsParenthetical
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CommonStockValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r21
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_StockholdersEquity,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable common stock (or common stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable common shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.,
        label: Common Stock Value,
        verboseLabel: Common stock
 par value $.001 per share: 20
000 shares authorized; 12
272 and 12
117 issued and 11
764 and 11
868 outstanding at December 31

 2019 and December 31
 2018
 respectively
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CommonStockValue,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r65,
      r67,
      r68
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome: {
       order: null,
       parentTag: null,
       root: true,
       weight: null
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount after tax of increase (decrease) in equity from transactions and other events and circumstances from net income and other comprehensive income
 attributable to parent entity. Excludes changes in equity resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners.,
        label: Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Net of Tax
 Attributable to Parent,
        totalLabel: Comprehensive income
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNoteTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r82
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for comprehensive income
 which includes
 but is not limited to
 1) the amount of income tax expense or benefit allocated to each component of other comprehensive income
 including reclassification adjustments
 2) the reclassification adjustments for each classification of other comprehensive income and 3) the ending accumulated balances for each component of comprehensive income.,
        label: Comprehensive Income (Loss) Note [Text Block],
        terseLabel: Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ComprehensiveIncomeNoteTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLoss
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomePolicyPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for comprehensive income.,
        label: Comprehensive Income
 Policy [Policy Text Block],
        verboseLabel: Comprehensive Income
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ComprehensiveIncomePolicyPolicyTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskCreditRisk: {
     auth_ref: [
      r130,
      r307
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for credit risk.,
        label: Concentration Risk
 Credit Risk
 Policy [Policy Text Block],
        verboseLabel: Concentration of Credit Risk
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ConcentrationRiskCreditRisk,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ContractWithCustomerLiabilityCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r183,
      r184,
      r186
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureAccountsPayableAndAccruedExpensesAccountsPayableAndAccruedExpensesDetail: {
       order: 7.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of obligation to transfer good or service to customer for which consideration has been received or is receivable
 classified as current.,
        label: Contract with Customer
 Liability
 Current,
        terseLabel: Deferred revenue
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ContractWithCustomerLiabilityCurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureAccountsPayableAndAccruedExpensesAccountsPayableAndAccruedExpensesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CostOfRevenue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r77
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfIncome: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_GrossProfit,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The aggregate cost of goods produced and sold and services rendered during the reporting period.,
        label: Cost Of Revenue,
        verboseLabel: Cost of sales
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CostOfRevenue,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesImpactOfNewAccountingPrinciplesIncomeDetail,
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfIncome
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CumulativeEffectOfNewAccountingPrincipleInPeriodOfAdoption: {
     auth_ref: [],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount after tax of increase (decrease) to equity or (increase) decrease to net assets
 resulting from the cumulative effect adjustment of a new accounting principle applied in the period of adoption.,
        label: Cumulative Effect of New Accounting Principle in Period of Adoption,
        terseLabel: Cumulative effect adjustments from changes in accounting standards
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CumulativeEffectOfNewAccountingPrincipleInPeriodOfAdoption,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfChangesInStockholdersEquity
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CurrentFederalStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefitAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Current Federal
 State and Local
 Tax Expense (Benefit) [Abstract],
        verboseLabel: Current
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CurrentFederalStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefitAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesIncomeTaxExpenseFromContinuingOperationsDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CurrentFederalTaxExpenseBenefit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r104,
      r248,
      r252
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesIncomeTaxExpenseFromContinuingOperationsDetail: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of current federal tax expense (benefit) pertaining to income (loss) from continuing operations.,
        label: Current Federal Tax Expense (Benefit),
        verboseLabel: Federal
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CurrentFederalTaxExpenseBenefit,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesIncomeTaxExpenseFromContinuingOperationsDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r104,
      r248,
      r252
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesIncomeTaxExpenseFromContinuingOperationsDetail: {
       order: null,
       parentTag: null,
       root: true,
       weight: null
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of current income tax expense (benefit) pertaining to taxable income (loss) from continuing operations.,
        label: Current Income Tax Expense (Benefit)
 Total,
        totalLabel: Total Current
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesIncomeTaxExpenseFromContinuingOperationsDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CurrentStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r104,
      r248,
      r252
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesIncomeTaxExpenseFromContinuingOperationsDetail: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of current state and local tax expense (benefit) pertaining to income (loss) from continuing operations.,
        label: Current State and Local Tax Expense (Benefit),
        verboseLabel: State
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CurrentStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefit,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesIncomeTaxExpenseFromContinuingOperationsDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DebtAndEquitySecuritiesRealizedGainLoss: {
     auth_ref: [],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of realized gain (loss) on investment in debt and equity securities.,
        label: Realized Gain (Loss) on Marketable Securities
 Cost Method Investments
 and Other Investments,
        terseLabel: Realized loss or gains
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DebtAndEquitySecuritiesRealizedGainLoss,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureFinancialInstrumentsNarrativeDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DeferredFederalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r104,
      r249,
      r252
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesIncomeTaxExpenseFromContinuingOperationsDetail: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of deferred federal income tax expense (benefit) pertaining to income (loss) from continuing operations.,
        label: Deferred Federal Income Tax Expense (Benefit),
        verboseLabel: Federal
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DeferredFederalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesIncomeTaxExpenseFromContinuingOperationsDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DeferredFederalStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefitAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Deferred Federal
 State and Local
 Tax Expense (Benefit) [Abstract],
        verboseLabel: Deferred
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DeferredFederalStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefitAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesIncomeTaxExpenseFromContinuingOperationsDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DeferredForeignIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r104,
      r249,
      r252
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesIncomeTaxExpenseFromContinuingOperationsDetail: {
       order: 3.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of deferred foreign income tax expense (benefit) pertaining to income (loss) from continuing operations.,
        label: Deferred Foreign Income Tax Expense (Benefit),
        verboseLabel: Foreign
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DeferredForeignIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesIncomeTaxExpenseFromContinuingOperationsDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxAssetsNet: {
     auth_ref: [
      r242
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 5.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_Assets,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount
 after allocation of valuation allowances and deferred tax liability
 of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible differences and carryforwards
 with jurisdictional netting.,
        label: Deferred Income Tax Assets
 Net,
        terseLabel: Deferred tax assets
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DeferredIncomeTaxAssetsNet,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r93,
      r104,
      r249,
      r252
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesIncomeTaxExpenseFromContinuingOperationsDetail: {
       order: null,
       parentTag: null,
       root: true,
       weight: null
      },
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 7.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of deferred income tax expense (benefit) pertaining to income (loss) from continuing operations.,
        label: Deferred Income Tax Expense (Benefit),
        terseLabel: Deferred income taxes,
        totalLabel: Total Deferred
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesIncomeTaxExpenseFromContinuingOperationsDetail,
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxLiabilities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r18,
      r19,
      r240,
      r296,
      r308
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesDetail: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesNet,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable temporary differences.,
        label: Deferred Tax Liabilities
 Gross,
        negatedTotalLabel: Total deferred tax liabilities
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DeferredIncomeTaxLiabilities,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DeferredStateAndLocalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r104,
      r249,
      r252
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesIncomeTaxExpenseFromContinuingOperationsDetail: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of deferred state and local tax expense (benefit) pertaining to income (loss) from continuing operations.,
        label: Deferred State and Local Income Tax Expense (Benefit),
        verboseLabel: State
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DeferredStateAndLocalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesIncomeTaxExpenseFromContinuingOperationsDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGross: {
     auth_ref: [
      r241
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesDetail: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesNet,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before allocation of valuation allowances of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences and carryforwards.,
        label: Deferred Tax Assets
 Gross
 Total,
        totalLabel: Total deferred tax assets
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DeferredTaxAssetsGross,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsInventory: {
     auth_ref: [
      r232,
      r246,
      r247
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesDetail: {
       order: 5.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGross,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before allocation of valuation allowances of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences from inventory.,
        label: Deferred Tax Assets
 Inventory,
        verboseLabel: Inventory capitalization
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DeferredTaxAssetsInventory,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesNet: {
     auth_ref: [
      r242
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesDetail: {
       order: null,
       parentTag: null,
       root: true,
       weight: null
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount
 after allocation of valuation allowances and deferred tax liability
 of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible differences and carryforwards
 without jurisdictional netting.,
        label: Deferred Tax Assets
 Net,
        totalLabel: Net deferred tax asset
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesNet,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLossCarryforwards: {
     auth_ref: [
      r230,
      r246,
      r247
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesDetail: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGross,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before allocation of valuation allowances of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible operating loss carryforwards.,
        label: Deferred Tax Assets
 Operating Loss Carryforwards,
        terseLabel: Credit and loss carryforwards
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLossCarryforwards,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefitsShareBasedCompensationCost: {
     auth_ref: [
      r230,
      r246,
      r247
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesDetail: {
       order: 3.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGross,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before allocation of valuation allowances of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences from share-based compensation.,
        label: Deferred Tax Assets
 Tax Deferred Expense
 Compensation and Benefits
 Share-based Compensation Cost,
        verboseLabel: Stock compensation
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefitsShareBasedCompensationCost,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseReservesAndAccruals: {
     auth_ref: [
      r231,
      r246,
      r247
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesDetail: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGross,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before allocation of valuation allowances of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences from reserves and accruals.,
        label: Deferred Tax Assets
 Tax Deferred Expense
 Reserves and Accruals
 Total,
        verboseLabel: Reserves on inventory and sales
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseReservesAndAccruals,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseReservesAndAccrualsAccruedLiabilities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r230,
      r246,
      r247
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesDetail: {
       order: 4.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGross,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before allocation of valuation allowances of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences from accrued liabilities.,
        label: Deferred Tax Assets
 Tax Deferred Expense
 Reserves and Accruals
 Accrued Liabilities,
        terseLabel: Accrued expenses and deferred costs
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseReservesAndAccrualsAccruedLiabilities,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsUnrealizedLossesOnAvailableforSaleSecuritiesGross: {
     auth_ref: [
      r232,
      r246
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesDetail: {
       order: 6.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGross,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before allocation of valuation allowances of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences from unrealized losses on available-for-sale securities.,
        label: Deferred Tax Assets
 Unrealized Losses on Available-for-Sale Securities
 Gross,
        verboseLabel: Unrealized gain on investments
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DeferredTaxAssetsUnrealizedLossesOnAvailableforSaleSecuritiesGross,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesDeferredExpense: {
     auth_ref: [
      r232,
      r246,
      r247
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesDetail: {
       order: 3.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxLiabilities,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable temporary differences from capitalized costs.,
        label: Deferred Tax Liabilities
 Deferred Expense,
        negatedLabel: Depreciation
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DeferredTaxLiabilitiesDeferredExpense,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesInvestments: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesDetail: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxLiabilities,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable temporary differences from investments (excludes investments in subsidiaries and equity method investments).,
        label: Deferred Tax Liabilities
 Investments,
        negatedLabel: Unrealized loss on investments
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DeferredTaxLiabilitiesInvestments,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesPrepaidExpenses: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesDetail: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxLiabilities,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of deferred tax consequences attributable to taxable temporary differences derived from prepaid expenses.,
        label: Deferred Tax Liabilities
 Prepaid Expenses,
        negatedLabel: Prepaid expenses
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DeferredTaxLiabilitiesPrepaidExpenses,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization: {
     auth_ref: [
      r93,
      r139
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The aggregate expense recognized in the current period that allocates the cost of tangible assets
 intangible assets
 or depleting assets to periods that benefit from use of the assets.,
        label: Depreciation
 Depletion and Amortization,
        terseLabel: Depreciation and amortization
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DifferenceBetweenRevenueGuidanceInEffectBeforeAndAfterTopic606Member: {
     auth_ref: [
      r189
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Effect in current period from application of guidance for revenue from contract with customer compared with guidance for revenue recognition applicable prior to change when using transition method for cumulative effect in period including initial date of application.,
        label: Difference Between Revenue Guidance In Effect Before And After Topic606 [Member],
        terseLabel: Difference between Revenue Guidance in Effect before and after Topic 606 [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DifferenceBetweenRevenueGuidanceInEffectBeforeAndAfterTopic606Member,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfChangesInStockholdersEquity
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r226
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for share-based payment arrangement.,
        label: Disclosure of Compensation Related Costs
 Share-based Payments [Text Block],
        verboseLabel: Share-based Compensation
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureShareBasedCompensation
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsSharebasedPaymentsAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Share-based Compensation [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsSharebasedPaymentsAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DividendsCash: {
     auth_ref: [
      r179,
      r305
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of paid and unpaid cash dividends declared for classes of stock
 for example
 but not limited to
 common and preferred.,
        label: Dividends
 Cash
 Total,
        verboseLabel: Dividends declared included in accounts payable
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DividendsCash,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DividendsCommonStockCash: {
     auth_ref: [
      r179
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of paid and unpaid common stock dividends declared with the form of settlement in cash.,
        label: Dividends
 Common Stock
 Cash,
        negatedLabel: Cash dividends declared to stockholders
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DividendsCommonStockCash,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfChangesInStockholdersEquity
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DividendsPayableCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r10,
      r42
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureAccountsPayableAndAccruedExpensesAccountsPayableAndAccruedExpensesDetail: {
       order: 8.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of dividends declared but unpaid on equity securities issued by the entity and outstanding. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).,
        label: Dividends Payable
 Current,
        verboseLabel: Dividends payable
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DividendsPayableCurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureAccountsPayableAndAccruedExpensesAccountsPayableAndAccruedExpensesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_EarningsPerShareAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Earnings Per Share [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EarningsPerShareAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic: {
     auth_ref: [
      r73,
      r109,
      r116,
      r117,
      r118,
      r119,
      r123,
      r304,
      r316
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The amount of net income (loss) for the period per each share of common stock or unit outstanding during the reporting period.,
        label: Earnings per share
 basic,
        terseLabel: Earnings per share - basic
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EarningsPerShareBasic,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureEarningsPerShareEarningsPerShareDetail,
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureSelectedQuarterlyFinancialDataUnauditedQuarterlyFinancialInformationDetails,
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesImpactOfNewAccountingPrinciplesIncomeDetail,
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfIncome
     ],
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    },
    us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Earnings Per Share
 Basic [Abstract],
        verboseLabel: Basic earnings per share
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EarningsPerShareBasicAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureEarningsPerShareEarningsPerShareDetail,
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesImpactOfNewAccountingPrinciplesIncomeDetail,
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfIncome
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted: {
     auth_ref: [
      r73,
      r109,
      r116,
      r117,
      r118,
      r119,
      r123,
      r304,
      r316
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The amount of net income (loss) for the period available to each share of common stock or common unit outstanding during the reporting period and to each share or unit that would have been outstanding assuming the issuance of common shares or units for all dilutive potential common shares or units outstanding during the reporting period.,
        label: Earnings per share
 diluted,
        verboseLabel: Earnings per share - diluted
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EarningsPerShareDiluted,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureEarningsPerShareEarningsPerShareDetail,
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureSelectedQuarterlyFinancialDataUnauditedQuarterlyFinancialInformationDetails,
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesImpactOfNewAccountingPrinciplesIncomeDetail,
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfIncome
     ],
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    },
    us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDilutedAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Earnings Per Share
 Diluted [Abstract],
        verboseLabel: Diluted earnings per share
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EarningsPerShareDilutedAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureEarningsPerShareEarningsPerShareDetail,
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesImpactOfNewAccountingPrinciplesIncomeDetail,
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfIncome
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_EarningsPerSharePolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r99,
      r120,
      r121,
      r122
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for computing basic and diluted earnings or loss per share for each class of common stock and participating security. Addresses all significant policy factors
 including any antidilutive items that have been excluded from the computation and takes into account stock dividends
 splits and reverse splits that occur after the balance sheet date of the latest reporting period but before the issuance of the financial statements.,
        label: Earnings Per Share
 Policy [Policy Text Block],
        verboseLabel: Earnings per Share
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EarningsPerSharePolicyTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_EarningsPerShareTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r124
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for earnings per share.,
        label: Earnings Per Share [Text Block],
        verboseLabel: Earnings Per Share
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EarningsPerShareTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureEarningsPerShare
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_EffectOfExchangeRateOnCashAndCashEquivalents: {
     auth_ref: [
      r268
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 4.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecreaseIncludingExchangeRateEffect,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase (decrease) from the effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalent balances held in foreign currencies.,
        label: Effect of Exchange Rate on Cash and Cash Equivalents
 Total,
        verboseLabel: Foreign currency impact
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EffectOfExchangeRateOnCashAndCashEquivalents,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations: {
     auth_ref: [
      r106,
      r236,
      r237
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesStatutoryTaxRateAndEffectiveTaxRateDetail: {
       order: null,
       parentTag: null,
       root: true,
       weight: null
      }
     },
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Percentage of current income tax expense (benefit) and deferred income tax expense (benefit) pertaining to continuing operations.,
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation
 Tax Credit
 Percent
 Total,
        totalLabel: Effective tax rate
 Total
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesStatutoryTaxRateAndEffectiveTaxRateDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    },
    us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate: {
     auth_ref: [
      r236,
      r237,
      r251
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesStatutoryTaxRateAndEffectiveTaxRateDetail: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Percentage of domestic federal statutory tax rate applicable to pretax income (loss).,
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation
 at Federal Statutory Income Tax Rate
 Percent,
        verboseLabel: Effective tax rate
 Statutory federal tax
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesNarrativeDetail,
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesStatutoryTaxRateAndEffectiveTaxRateDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    },
    us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationChangeInEnactedTaxRate: {
     auth_ref: [
      r236,
      r237,
      r251
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesStatutoryTaxRateAndEffectiveTaxRateDetail: {
       order: 9.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Percentage of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to changes in the income tax rates.,
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation
 Change in Enacted Tax Rate
 Percent,
        terseLabel: Effective tax rate
 Effect of Federal tax law change
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationChangeInEnactedTaxRate,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesStatutoryTaxRateAndEffectiveTaxRateDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    },
    us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDeductionsQualifiedProductionActivities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r236,
      r237,
      r251
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesStatutoryTaxRateAndEffectiveTaxRateDetail: {
       order: 4.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Percentage of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to deduction for qualified production activity.,
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation
 Deduction
 Qualified Production Activity
 Percent,
        negatedLabel: Effective tax rate
 Domestic manufacturer deduction
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDeductionsQualifiedProductionActivities,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesStatutoryTaxRateAndEffectiveTaxRateDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    },
    us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationForeignIncomeTaxRateDifferential: {
     auth_ref: [
      r236,
      r237,
      r251
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesStatutoryTaxRateAndEffectiveTaxRateDetail: {
       order: 3.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Percentage of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations applicable to statutory income tax expense (benefit) outside of the country of domicile.,
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation
 Foreign Income Tax Rate Differential
 Percent,
        verboseLabel: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation
 Foreign Taxes
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationForeignIncomeTaxRateDifferential,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesStatutoryTaxRateAndEffectiveTaxRateDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    },
    us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationNondeductibleExpenseOther: {
     auth_ref: [
      r236,
      r237,
      r251
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesStatutoryTaxRateAndEffectiveTaxRateDetail: {
       order: 5.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Percentage of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to other nondeductible expenses.,
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation
 Nondeductible Expense
 Other
 Percent,
        terseLabel: Effective tax rate
 Other permanent differences
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationNondeductibleExpenseOther,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesStatutoryTaxRateAndEffectiveTaxRateDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    },
    us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationNondeductibleExpenseShareBasedCompensationCost: {
     auth_ref: [
      r236,
      r237,
      r251
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesStatutoryTaxRateAndEffectiveTaxRateDetail: {
       order: 7.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Percentage of difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying domestic federal statutory income tax rate to pretax income (loss) from continuing operation
 attributable to nondeductible expense for share-based payment arrangement.,
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation
 Nondeductible Expense
 Share-based Compensation Cost
 Percent,
        terseLabel: Effective tax rate
 Share-based compensation
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationNondeductibleExpenseShareBasedCompensationCost,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesNarrativeDetail,
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesStatutoryTaxRateAndEffectiveTaxRateDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    },
    us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationOtherReconcilingItemsPercent: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesStatutoryTaxRateAndEffectiveTaxRateDetail: {
       order: 8.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Percentage of the difference
 between reported income tax expense (benefit) and the expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations
 that is attributable to tax exempt income
 equity in earnings (loss) of an unconsolidated subsidiary
 minority interest income (expense)
 tax holiday
 disposition of a business
 disposition of an asset
 repatriation of foreign earnings
 repatriation of foreign earnings jobs creation act of 2004
 change in enacted tax rate
 prior year income taxes
 change in deferred tax asset valuation allowance
 and other adjustments.,
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation
Other Reconciling Items
 Percent,
        terseLabel: Effective tax rate
 Other
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationOtherReconcilingItemsPercent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesStatutoryTaxRateAndEffectiveTaxRateDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    },
    us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationStateAndLocalIncomeTaxes: {
     auth_ref: [
      r236,
      r237,
      r251
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesStatutoryTaxRateAndEffectiveTaxRateDetail: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Percentage of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations applicable to state and local income tax expense (benefit)
 net of federal tax expense (benefit).,
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation
 State and Local Income Taxes
 Percent,
        verboseLabel: Effective tax rate
 State income taxes
 net of federal benefit
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationStateAndLocalIncomeTaxes,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesStatutoryTaxRateAndEffectiveTaxRateDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    },
    us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTaxCreditsResearch: {
     auth_ref: [
      r236,
      r237,
      r251
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesStatutoryTaxRateAndEffectiveTaxRateDetail: {
       order: 6.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Percentage of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to research tax credit.,
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation
 Tax Credit
 Research
 Percent,
        negatedLabel: Effective tax rate
 Research and development and jobs credits
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTaxCreditsResearch,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesStatutoryTaxRateAndEffectiveTaxRateDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    },
    us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognized: {
     auth_ref: [
      r222
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cost not yet recognized for nonvested award under share-based payment arrangement.,
        label: Employee Service Share Based Compensation Nonvested Awards Total Compensation Cost Not Yet Recognized,
        terseLabel: Employee service share based compensation nonvested awards total compensation cost not yet recognized
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognized,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedPeriodForRecognition1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r222
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted-average period over which cost not yet recognized is expected to be recognized for award under share-based payment arrangement
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.,
        label: Employee Service Share Based Compensation Nonvested Awards Total Compensation Cost Not Yet Recognized Period For Recognition 1,
        terseLabel: Compensation cost recognition weighted average period
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedPeriodForRecognition1,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    },
    us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedShareBasedAwardsOtherThanOptions: {
     auth_ref: [
      r222
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cost to be recognized for nonvested award under share-based payment arrangement. Excludes share and unit options.,
        label: Employee Service Share-based Compensation
 Nonvested Awards
 Compensation Not yet Recognized
 Share-based Awards Other than Options,
        terseLabel: Unrecognized compensation costs
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedShareBasedAwardsOtherThanOptions,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationTaxBenefitFromCompensationExpense: {
     auth_ref: [
      r221
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of tax benefit for recognition of expense of award under share-based payment arrangement.,
        label: Employee Service Share Based Compensation Tax Benefit From Compensation Expense,
        terseLabel: Total income tax benefit recognized related to restricted stock awards
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationTaxBenefitFromCompensationExpense,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_EmployeeStockOptionMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r220
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Share-based payment arrangement granting right
 subject to vesting and other restrictions
 to purchase or sell certain number of shares at predetermined price for specified period of time.,
        label: Employee Stock Option [Member],
        terseLabel: Stock Options [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EmployeeStockOptionMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureEarningsPerShareNarrativeDetail,
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetail,
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureShareBasedCompensationScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationStockOptionsActivityDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_EquityAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Equity [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EquityAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_EquityComponentDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r178
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Components of equity are the parts of the total Equity balance including that which is allocated to common
 preferred
 treasury stock
 retained earnings
 etc.,
        label: Equity Component [Domain],
        terseLabel: Equity Component [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EquityComponentDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetail,
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfChangesInStockholdersEquity
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r190,
      r191,
      r192,
      r264,
      r292
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by level within fair value hierarchy and fair value measured at net asset value per share as practical expedient.,
        label: Fair Value
 Hierarchy [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureFinancialInstrumentsCashAndAvailableForSaleSecuritiesAdjustedCostGrossUnrealizedGainsGrossUnrealizedLossesAndFairValueBySignificantInvestmentCategoryDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel1Member: {
     auth_ref: [
      r190,
      r191,
      r192,
      r264,
      r293
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the reporting entity can access at the measurement date.,
        label: Fair Value Inputs Level1 [Member],
        terseLabel: Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 1 [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FairValueInputsLevel1Member,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureFinancialInstrumentsCashAndAvailableForSaleSecuritiesAdjustedCostGrossUnrealizedGainsGrossUnrealizedLossesAndFairValueBySignificantInvestmentCategoryDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel2Member: {
     auth_ref: [
      r190,
      r191,
      r192,
      r264,
      r294
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Inputs other than quoted prices included within level 1 that are observable for an asset or liability
 either directly or indirectly
 including
 but not limited to
 quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets
 or quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in inactive markets.,
        label: Fair Value Inputs Level2 [Member],
        terseLabel: Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 2 [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FairValueInputsLevel2Member,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureFinancialInstrumentsCashAndAvailableForSaleSecuritiesAdjustedCostGrossUnrealizedGainsGrossUnrealizedLossesAndFairValueBySignificantInvestmentCategoryDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsFairValueHierarchyDomain: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Categories used to prioritize the inputs to valuation techniques to measure fair value.,
        label: Fair Value Measurements Fair Value Hierarchy [Domain],
        terseLabel: Fair Value Hierarchy [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FairValueMeasurementsFairValueHierarchyDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureFinancialInstrumentsCashAndAvailableForSaleSecuritiesAdjustedCostGrossUnrealizedGainsGrossUnrealizedLossesAndFairValueBySignificantInvestmentCategoryDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_FairValueOfFinancialInstrumentsPolicy: {
     auth_ref: [
      r99,
      r265,
      r267
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for determining the fair value of financial instruments.,
        label: Fair Value of Financial Instruments
 Policy [Policy Text Block],
        verboseLabel: Fair Value of Financial Instruments
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FairValueOfFinancialInstrumentsPolicy,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_FinancialInstrumentsDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for financial instruments. This disclosure includes
 but is not limited to
 fair value measurements of short and long term marketable securities
 international currencies forward contracts
 and auction rate securities. Financial instruments may include hedging and non-hedging currency exchange instruments
 derivatives
 securitizations and securities available for sale at fair value. Also included are investment results
 realized and unrealized gains and losses as well as impairments and risk management disclosures.,
        label: Financial Instruments Disclosure [Text Block],
        verboseLabel: Financial Instruments
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FinancialInstrumentsDisclosureTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureFinancialInstruments
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_GainLossOnSaleOfPropertyPlantEquipment: {
     auth_ref: [
      r93
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 3.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of gain (loss) on sale or disposal of property
 plant and equipment assets
 including oil and gas property and timber property.,
        label: Gain (Loss) on Disposition of Property Plant Equipment,
        negatedLabel: Loss on sale of disposal of property
 plant and equipment
       }
      }
     },
     localname: GainLossOnSaleOfPropertyPlantEquipment,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_GrossProfit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r76
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfIncome: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Aggregate revenue less cost of goods and services sold or operating expenses directly attributable to the revenue generation activity.,
        label: Gross Profit,
        terseLabel: Gross profit,
        totalLabel: Gross profit
       }
      }
     },
     localname: GrossProfit,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureSelectedQuarterlyFinancialDataUnauditedQuarterlyFinancialInformationDetails,
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesImpactOfNewAccountingPrinciplesIncomeDetail,
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfIncome
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ImpairmentOrDisposalOfLongLivedAssetsPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r99,
      r165,
      r170
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for recognizing and measuring the impairment of long-lived assets. An entity also may disclose its accounting policy for long-lived assets to be sold. This policy excludes goodwill and intangible assets.,
        label: Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets
 Policy [Policy Text Block],
        terseLabel: Long-lived Fixed Asset Impairment
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ImpairmentOrDisposalOfLongLivedAssetsPolicyTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments: {
     auth_ref: [
      r105
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfIncome: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of income (loss) from continuing operations before deduction of income tax expense (benefit) and income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest
 and addition of income (loss) from equity method investments.,
        label: Income (Loss) From Continuing Operations Before Equity Method Investments
 Income Taxes
 Extraordinary Items
 Noncontrolling Interest,
        terseLabel: Income from continuing operations before income taxes,
        totalLabel: Income from operations before income taxes
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureSelectedQuarterlyFinancialDataUnauditedQuarterlyFinancialInformationDetails,
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesImpactOfNewAccountingPrinciplesIncomeDetail,
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfIncome
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncomeStatementAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Income Statement [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncomeStatementAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Income Taxes [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r256
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for income taxes. Disclosures may include net deferred tax liability or asset recognized in an enterprise's statement of financial position
 net change during the year in the total valuation allowance
 approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets
 utilization of a tax carryback
 and tax uncertainties information.,
        label: Income Tax Disclosure [Text Block],
        verboseLabel: Income Taxes
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxes
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r104,
      r140,
      r253
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesStatutoryTaxRateAndEffectiveTaxRateDetail: {
       order: null,
       parentTag: null,
       root: true,
       weight: null
      },
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesSummaryOfTaxProvisionAllocationToFinancialStatementItemsDetail: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefitIntraperiodTaxAllocation,
       weight: 1.0
      },
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfIncome: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of current income tax expense (benefit) and deferred income tax expense (benefit) pertaining to continuing operations.,
        label: Income Tax Expense (Benefit),
        presentationGuidance: Income from operations,
        terseLabel: Provision for income taxes,
        totalLabel: Income Tax Expense (Benefit)
 Total,
        verboseLabel: Income tax expense
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesIncomeTaxExpenseFromContinuingOperationsDetail,
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesNarrativeDetail,
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesStatutoryTaxRateAndEffectiveTaxRateDetail,
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesSummaryOfTaxProvisionAllocationToFinancialStatementItemsDetail,
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesImpactOfNewAccountingPrinciplesIncomeDetail,
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfIncome
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefitIntraperiodTaxAllocation: {
     auth_ref: [
      r254
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesSummaryOfTaxProvisionAllocationToFinancialStatementItemsDetail: {
       order: null,
       parentTag: null,
       root: true,
       weight: null
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of income tax expense (benefit) for continuing operations
 discontinued operations
 other comprehensive income
 and items charged (credited) directly to shareholders' equity.,
        label: Income Tax Expense (Benefit)
 Intraperiod Tax Allocation
 Total,
        terseLabel: Income tax expense (benefit)
 intraperiod tax allocation,
        totalLabel: Total Income Tax Expense
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncomeTaxExpenseBenefitIntraperiodTaxAllocation,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesNarrativeDetail,
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesSummaryOfTaxProvisionAllocationToFinancialStatementItemsDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r69,
      r99,
      r234,
      r235,
      r238,
      r239,
      r243,
      r255,
      r328
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for income taxes
 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.,
        label: Income Tax
 Policy [Policy Text Block],
        verboseLabel: Income Taxes
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncomeTaxPolicyTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationChangeInEnactedTaxRate: {
     auth_ref: [
      r233,
      r236,
      r237
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesStatutoryTaxRateAndEffectiveTaxRateDetail: {
       order: 8.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations
 attributable to increase (decrease) in the income tax rates.,
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation
 Change in Enacted Tax Rate
 Amount,
        terseLabel: Effect of Federal tax law change
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncomeTaxReconciliationChangeInEnactedTaxRate,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesStatutoryTaxRateAndEffectiveTaxRateDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationDeductionsQualifiedProductionActivities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r236,
      r237
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesStatutoryTaxRateAndEffectiveTaxRateDetail: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and the expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to deduction for qualified production activity.,
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation
 Deduction
 Qualified Production Activity
 Amount,
        negatedLabel: Domestic manufacturer deduction
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncomeTaxReconciliationDeductionsQualifiedProductionActivities,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesStatutoryTaxRateAndEffectiveTaxRateDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationForeignIncomeTaxRateDifferential: {
     auth_ref: [
      r102,
      r236,
      r237
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesStatutoryTaxRateAndEffectiveTaxRateDetail: {
       order: 4.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to foreign income tax expense (benefit).,
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation
 Foreign Income Tax Rate Differential
 Amount,
        verboseLabel: Foreign Taxes
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncomeTaxReconciliationForeignIncomeTaxRateDifferential,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesStatutoryTaxRateAndEffectiveTaxRateDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate: {
     auth_ref: [
      r103,
      r236,
      r237
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesStatutoryTaxRateAndEffectiveTaxRateDetail: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The amount of income tax expense or benefit for the period computed by applying the domestic federal statutory tax rates to pretax income from continuing operations.,
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation at Federal Statutory Income Tax Rate
 Amount,
        verboseLabel: Statutory federal tax
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncomeTaxReconciliationIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesStatutoryTaxRateAndEffectiveTaxRateDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationNondeductibleExpenseOther: {
     auth_ref: [
      r236,
      r237
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesStatutoryTaxRateAndEffectiveTaxRateDetail: {
       order: 5.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to other nondeductible expenses.,
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation
 Nondeductible Expense
 Other
 Amount,
        terseLabel: Other permanent differences
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncomeTaxReconciliationNondeductibleExpenseOther,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesStatutoryTaxRateAndEffectiveTaxRateDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationNondeductibleExpenseShareBasedCompensationCost: {
     auth_ref: [
      r236,
      r237
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesStatutoryTaxRateAndEffectiveTaxRateDetail: {
       order: 3.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of reported income tax expense (benefit) in excess of (less than) expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying domestic federal statutory income tax rate to pretax income (loss) from continuing operation
 attributable to nondeductible expense for award under share-based payment arrangement. Includes
 but is not limited to
 expense determined to be nondeductible upon grant or after for award under share-based payment arrangement.,
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation
 Nondeductible Expense
 Share-based Compensation Cost
 Amount,
        terseLabel: Share-based compensation
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncomeTaxReconciliationNondeductibleExpenseShareBasedCompensationCost,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesStatutoryTaxRateAndEffectiveTaxRateDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationOtherReconcilingItems: {
     auth_ref: [
      r236,
      r237
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesStatutoryTaxRateAndEffectiveTaxRateDetail: {
       order: 9.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to tax exempt income
 equity in earnings (loss) of an unconsolidated subsidiary
 minority noncontrolling interest income (loss)
 tax holiday
 disposition of a business
 disposition of an asset
 repatriation of foreign earnings
 repatriation of foreign earnings jobs creation act of 2004
 increase (decrease) in enacted tax rate
 prior year income taxes
 increase (decrease) in deferred tax asset valuation allowance
 and other adjustments.,
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation
 Other Reconciling Items
 Amount,
        terseLabel: Other
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncomeTaxReconciliationOtherReconcilingItems,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesStatutoryTaxRateAndEffectiveTaxRateDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationStateAndLocalIncomeTaxes: {
     auth_ref: [
      r103,
      r236,
      r237
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesStatutoryTaxRateAndEffectiveTaxRateDetail: {
       order: 7.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to state and local income tax expense (benefit).,
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation
 State and Local Income Taxes
 Amount,
        verboseLabel: State income taxes
 net of federal benefit
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncomeTaxReconciliationStateAndLocalIncomeTaxes,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesStatutoryTaxRateAndEffectiveTaxRateDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationTaxCreditsResearch: {
     auth_ref: [
      r236,
      r237
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesStatutoryTaxRateAndEffectiveTaxRateDetail: {
       order: 6.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to research tax credit.,
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation
 Tax Credit
 Research
 Amount,
        negatedLabel: Research and development and jobs credits
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncomeTaxReconciliationTaxCreditsResearch,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesStatutoryTaxRateAndEffectiveTaxRateDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxesPaid: {
     auth_ref: [
      r90,
      r97
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The amount of cash paid during the current period to foreign
 federal
 state
 and local authorities as taxes on income.,
        label: Income Taxes Paid,
        verboseLabel: Income taxes paid
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncomeTaxesPaid,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r92
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 13.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the amounts payable to vendors for goods and services received and the amount of obligations and expenses incurred but not paid.,
        label: Increase Decrease In Accounts Payable and Accrued Liabilities,
        terseLabel: Accounts payable and accrued expenses
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilities,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsReceivable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r92
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 8.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in amount due within one year (or one business cycle) from customers for the credit sale of goods and services.,
        label: Increase Decrease In Accounts Receivable,
        negatedLabel: Accounts receivable
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsReceivable,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInInventories: {
     auth_ref: [
      r92
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 9.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the aggregate value of all inventory held by the reporting entity
 associated with underlying transactions that are classified as operating activities.,
        label: Increase Decrease In Inventories,
        negatedLabel: Inventory
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncreaseDecreaseInInventories,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingCapitalAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Increase Decrease In Operating Capital [Abstract],
        terseLabel: Change in operating assets and liabilities:
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingCapitalAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherOperatingAssets: {
     auth_ref: [
      r92
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 12.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase (decrease) in operating assets classified as other.,
        label: Increase Decrease In Other Operating Assets,
        negatedLabel: Other assets
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncreaseDecreaseInOtherOperatingAssets,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInPrepaidDeferredExpenseAndOtherAssets: {
     auth_ref: [
      r92
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 11.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase (decrease) in prepaid expenses
 and assets classified as other.,
        label: Increase Decrease In Prepaid Deferred Expense and Other Assets,
        negatedLabel: Prepaid expenses and other current assets
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncreaseDecreaseInPrepaidDeferredExpenseAndOtherAssets,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInPrepaidTaxes: {
     auth_ref: [
      r92
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 10.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase (decrease) of consideration paid in advance for income and other taxes that provide economic benefits in future periods.,
        label: Increase (Decrease) in Prepaid Taxes,
        negatedLabel: Income taxes
 prepaid
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncreaseDecreaseInPrepaidTaxes,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_InitialApplicationPeriodCumulativeEffectTransitionAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r189
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information about effect of transition method for cumulative effect in initial period of application.,
        label: Initial Application Period Cumulative Effect Transition [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: InitialApplicationPeriodCumulativeEffectTransitionAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfChangesInStockholdersEquity
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_InitialApplicationPeriodCumulativeEffectTransitionDomain: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Effect of transition method for cumulative effect in initial period of application.,
        label: Initial Application Period Cumulative Effect Transition [Domain],
        terseLabel: Initial Application Period Cumulative Effect Transition [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: InitialApplicationPeriodCumulativeEffectTransitionDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfChangesInStockholdersEquity
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_InterestIncomeExpenseNonoperatingNet: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfIncome: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpense,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The net amount of nonoperating interest income (expense).,
        label: Interest Income (Expense)
 Nonoperating
 Net,
        verboseLabel: Interest income
 net
       }
      }
     },
     localname: InterestIncomeExpenseNonoperatingNet,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesImpactOfNewAccountingPrinciplesIncomeDetail,
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfIncome
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_InterestReceivable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r51
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of interest earned but not received. Also called accrued interest or accrued interest receivable.,
        label: Interest Receivable,
        terseLabel: Accrued Interest
       }
      }
     },
     localname: InterestReceivable,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureFinancialInstrumentsCashAndAvailableForSaleSecuritiesAdjustedCostGrossUnrealizedGainsGrossUnrealizedLossesAndFairValueBySignificantInvestmentCategoryDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_InventoriesMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tangible personal property held for sale in the ordinary course of business
 or in process of
 or to be consumed in
 production for sale.,
        label: Inventories [Member],
        terseLabel: Inventories [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: InventoriesMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureLeasesAndCommitmentsNarrativeDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Inventories [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: InventoryDisclosureAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r162
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for inventory. Includes
 but is not limited to
 the basis of stating inventory
 the method of determining inventory cost
 the classes of inventory
 and the nature of the cost elements included in inventory.,
        label: Inventory Disclosure [Text Block],
        verboseLabel: Inventories
       }
      }
     },
     localname: InventoryDisclosureTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureInventories
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_InventoryFinishedGoods: {
     auth_ref: [
      r47
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureInventoriesDetail: {
       order: 4.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_InventoryNet,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before valuation and LIFO reserves of completed merchandise or goods expected to be sold within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.,
        label: Inventory Finished Goods,
        terseLabel: Finished goods
       }
      }
     },
     localname: InventoryFinishedGoods,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureInventoriesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_InventoryNet: {
     auth_ref: [
      r3,
      r49,
      r158
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureInventoriesDetail: {
       order: null,
       parentTag: null,
       root: true,
       weight: null
      },
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 3.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_AssetsCurrent,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.,
        label: Inventory
 Net
 Total,
        terseLabel: Inventory,
        totalLabel: Inventory
       }
      }
     },
     localname: InventoryNet,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureInventoriesDetail,
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesImpactOfNewAccountingPrinciplesBalanceSheetsDetail,
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_InventoryPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r11,
      r50,
      r99,
      r125,
      r159,
      r160
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of inventory accounting policy for inventory classes
 including
 but not limited to
 basis for determining inventory amounts
 methods by which amounts are added and removed from inventory classes
 loss recognition on impairment of inventories
 and situations in which inventories are stated above cost.,
        label: Inventory
 Policy [Policy Text Block],
        verboseLabel: Inventory
       }
      }
     },
     localname: InventoryPolicyTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_InventoryRawMaterials: {
     auth_ref: [
      r48
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureInventoriesDetail: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_InventoryNet,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before valuation and LIFO reserves of raw materials expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.,
        label: Inventory Raw Materials,
        terseLabel: Raw materials
       }
      }
     },
     localname: InventoryRawMaterials,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureInventoriesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_InventoryValuationReserves: {
     auth_ref: [
      r49,
      r107,
      r158,
      r161
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureInventoriesDetail: {
       order: 5.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_InventoryNet,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of valuation reserve for inventory.,
        label: Inventory Valuation Reserves,
        negatedLabel: Reserve for obsolete inventory
       }
      }
     },
     localname: InventoryValuationReserves,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureInventoriesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_InvestmentOwnedAtFairValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r318,
      r320,
      r322,
      r324,
      r325
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Value of the investment at close of period. For schedules of investments that are categorized
 the value would be aggregated by category. For investment in and advances to affiliates
 if operations of any controlled companies are different in character from those of the company
 group such affiliates within divisions and by type of activities.,
        label: Investment Owned
 At Fair Value,
        terseLabel: Investment Securities
       }
      }
     },
     localname: InvestmentOwnedAtFairValue,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureFinancialInstrumentsCashAndAvailableForSaleSecuritiesAdjustedCostGrossUnrealizedGainsGrossUnrealizedLossesAndFairValueBySignificantInvestmentCategoryDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_InvestmentPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r151
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for investment in financial asset.,
        label: Investment
 Policy [Policy Text Block],
        verboseLabel: Investment Securities
       }
      }
     },
     localname: InvestmentPolicyTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_InvestmentTypeAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r319,
      r321,
      r323,
      r326
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of investments.,
        label: Investment Type [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: InvestmentTypeAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureFinancialInstrumentsCashAndAvailableForSaleSecuritiesAdjustedCostGrossUnrealizedGainsGrossUnrealizedLossesAndFairValueBySignificantInvestmentCategoryDetail,
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureFinancialInstrumentsNarrativeDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_InvestmentTypeCategorizationMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r319,
      r321,
      r323,
      r326
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Asset obtained to generate income or appreciate in value.,
        label: Investment Type Categorization [Member],
        terseLabel: Investments [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: InvestmentTypeCategorizationMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureFinancialInstrumentsCashAndAvailableForSaleSecuritiesAdjustedCostGrossUnrealizedGainsGrossUnrealizedLossesAndFairValueBySignificantInvestmentCategoryDetail,
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureFinancialInstrumentsNarrativeDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_InvestmentsAllOtherInvestmentsAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Financial Instruments [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: InvestmentsAllOtherInvestmentsAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LandMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r187
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Part of earth's surface not covered by water.,
        label: Land [Member],
        terseLabel: Land [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LandMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosurePropertyPlantAndEquipmentPropertyPlantAndEquipmentDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LeasesAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: LEASES AND COMMITMENTS
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LeasesAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LesseeLeaseDescriptionLineItems: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.,
        label: Lessee
 Lease
 Description [Line Items]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LesseeLeaseDescriptionLineItems,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureLeasesAndCommitmentsNarrativeDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LesseeLeaseDescriptionTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r283
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of information about lessee's leases.,
        label: Lessee
 Lease
 Description [Table]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LesseeLeaseDescriptionTable,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureLeasesAndCommitmentsNarrativeDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LesseeLeasesPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r281
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for leasing arrangement entered into by lessee.,
        label: Lessee
 Leases [Policy Text Block],
        terseLabel: Leases
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LesseeLeasesPolicyTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseExistenceOfOptionToExtend: {
     auth_ref: [
      r282
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Indicates (true false) whether lessee has option to extend operating lease.,
        label: Lessee
 Operating Lease
 Existence of Option to Extend [true/false],
        terseLabel: Clauses relating to automatic renewal
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LesseeOperatingLeaseExistenceOfOptionToExtend,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureLeasesAndCommitmentsNarrativeDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: booleanItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityMaturityTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r289
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of undiscounted cash flows of lessee's operating lease liability. Includes
 but is not limited to
 reconciliation of undiscounted cash flows to operating lease liability recognized in statement of financial position.,
        label: Lessee
 Operating Lease
 Liability
 Maturity [Table Text Block],
        terseLabel: Summary of maturity of the Company's operating lease liabilities
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityMaturityTableTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureLeasesAndCommitmentsTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r289
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureLeasesAndCommitmentsScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeaseCommitmentsDetails: {
       order: null,
       parentTag: null,
       root: true,
       weight: null
      },
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureLeasesScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeaseCommitmentsDetailsCalc2: {
       order: null,
       parentTag: null,
       root: true,
       weight: null
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payments for operating lease.,
        label: Lessee
 Operating Lease
 Liability
 Payments
 Due,
        totalLabel: Total lease payments
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureLeasesAndCommitmentsScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeaseCommitmentsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueAfterYearFive: {
     auth_ref: [
      r289
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureLeasesAndCommitmentsScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeaseCommitmentsDetails: {
       order: 6.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payments for operating lease
 due after fifth fiscal year following latest fiscal year.,
        label: Lessee
 Operating Lease
 Liability
 Payments
 Due after Year Five,
        terseLabel: Thereafter
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueAfterYearFive,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureLeasesAndCommitmentsScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeaseCommitmentsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueNextTwelveMonths: {
     auth_ref: [
      r289
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureLeasesAndCommitmentsScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeaseCommitmentsDetails: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payments for operating lease
 due in next fiscal year following latest fiscal year.,
        label: Lessee
 Operating Lease
 Liability
 Payments
 Due Next Twelve Months,
        terseLabel: 2020
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueNextTwelveMonths,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureLeasesAndCommitmentsScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeaseCommitmentsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearFive: {
     auth_ref: [
      r289
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureLeasesAndCommitmentsScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeaseCommitmentsDetails: {
       order: 5.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payments for operating lease
 due in fifth fiscal year following latest fiscal year.,
        label: Lessee
 Operating Lease
 Liability
 Payments
 Due Year Five,
        terseLabel: 2024
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearFive,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureLeasesAndCommitmentsScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeaseCommitmentsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearFour: {
     auth_ref: [
      r289
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureLeasesAndCommitmentsScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeaseCommitmentsDetails: {
       order: 4.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payments for operating lease
 due in fourth fiscal year following latest fiscal year.,
        label: Lessee
 Operating Lease
 Liability
 Payments
 Due Year Four,
        terseLabel: 2023
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearFour,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureLeasesAndCommitmentsScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeaseCommitmentsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearThree: {
     auth_ref: [
      r289
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureLeasesAndCommitmentsScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeaseCommitmentsDetails: {
       order: 3.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payments for operating lease
 due in third fiscal year following latest fiscal year.,
        label: Lessee
 Operating Lease
 Liability
 Payments
 Due Year Three,
        terseLabel: 2022
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearThree,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureLeasesAndCommitmentsScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeaseCommitmentsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearTwo: {
     auth_ref: [
      r289
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureLeasesAndCommitmentsScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeaseCommitmentsDetails: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payments for operating lease
 due in second fiscal year following latest fiscal year.,
        label: Lessee
 Operating Lease
 Liability
 Payments
 Due Year Two,
        terseLabel: 2021
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearTwo,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureLeasesAndCommitmentsScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeaseCommitmentsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityUndiscountedExcessAmount: {
     auth_ref: [
      r289
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureLeasesScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeaseCommitmentsDetailsCalc2: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payments in excess of discounted obligation for lease payments for operating lease.,
        label: Lessee
 Operating Lease
 Liability
 Undiscounted Excess Amount,
        negatedLabel: Less: imputed interest
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityUndiscountedExcessAmount,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureLeasesAndCommitmentsScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeaseCommitmentsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseTermOfContract: {
     auth_ref: [
      r282
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Term of lessee's operating lease
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.,
        label: Lessee Leasing Arrangements
 Operating Leases
 Term of Contract,
        terseLabel: Lease term
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LesseeOperatingLeaseTermOfContract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureLeasesAndCommitmentsNarrativeDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    },
    us-gaap_Liabilities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r41
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all liabilities that are recognized. Liabilities are probable future sacrifices of economic benefits arising from present obligations of an entity to transfer assets or provide services to other entities in the future.,
        label: Liabilities
 Total,
        totalLabel: Total liabilities
       }
      }
     },
     localname: Liabilities,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity: {
     auth_ref: [
      r27,
      r298,
      r313
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: null,
       parentTag: null,
       root: true,
       weight: null
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of liabilities and equity items
 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.,
        label: Liabilities and Stockholders Equity,
        totalLabel: TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquityAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Liabilities and Stockholders Equity [Abstract],
        terseLabel: LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquityAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesImpactOfNewAccountingPrinciplesBalanceSheetsDetail,
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r43
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_Liabilities,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Total obligations incurred as part of normal operations that are expected to be paid during the following twelve months or within one business cycle
 if longer.,
        label: Liabilities
 Current
 Total,
        totalLabel: Total current liabilities
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LiabilitiesCurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Liabilities Current [Abstract],
        terseLabel: Current liabilities
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesImpactOfNewAccountingPrinciplesBalanceSheetsDetail,
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LiabilitiesNoncurrentAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Liabilities Noncurrent [Abstract],
        terseLabel: Other liabilities:
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LiabilitiesNoncurrentAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_MarketableSecurities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r302
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of investment in marketable security.,
        label: Marketable Securities,
        terseLabel: Cost
       }
      }
     },
     localname: MarketableSecurities,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureFinancialInstrumentsCashAndAvailableForSaleSecuritiesAdjustedCostGrossUnrealizedGainsGrossUnrealizedLossesAndFairValueBySignificantInvestmentCategoryDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_MarketableSecuritiesUnrealizedGainLoss: {
     auth_ref: [
      r75
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of unrealized gain (loss) on investment in marketable security.,
        label: Marketable Securities
 Unrealized Gain (Loss),
        terseLabel: Unrealized Gains (Losses)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: MarketableSecuritiesUnrealizedGainLoss,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureFinancialInstrumentsCashAndAvailableForSaleSecuritiesAdjustedCostGrossUnrealizedGainsGrossUnrealizedLossesAndFairValueBySignificantInvestmentCategoryDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_MoneyMarketFundsMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r190
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Fund that invests in short-term money-market instruments
 for example
 but not limited to
 commercial paper
 banker's acceptances
 repurchase agreements
 government securities
 certificates of deposit
 and other highly liquid securities.,
        label: Money Market Funds [Member],
        terseLabel: Money Market Funds [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: MoneyMarketFundsMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureFinancialInstrumentsCashAndAvailableForSaleSecuritiesAdjustedCostGrossUnrealizedGainsGrossUnrealizedLossesAndFairValueBySignificantInvestmentCategoryDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_MunicipalBondsMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Long-term debt securities issued by state
 city or local governments or the agencies operated by state
 city or local governments.,
        label: Municipal Bonds [Member],
        terseLabel: Municipal Bonds [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: MunicipalBondsMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureFinancialInstrumentsCashAndAvailableForSaleSecuritiesAdjustedCostGrossUnrealizedGainsGrossUnrealizedLossesAndFairValueBySignificantInvestmentCategoryDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r89
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 3.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecreaseIncludingExchangeRateEffect,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from financing activities
 including discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.,
        label: Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Financing Activities,
        totalLabel: Net cash flow used in financing activities
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Financing Activities [Abstract],
        verboseLabel: Financing Activities
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r89
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecreaseIncludingExchangeRateEffect,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from investing activities
 including discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property
 plant
 and equipment and other productive assets.,
        label: Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Investing Activities,
        totalLabel: Net cash flow used in investing activities
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Investing Activities [Abstract],
        terseLabel: Investing Activities
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r89,
      r91,
      r94
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecreaseIncludingExchangeRateEffect,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities
 including discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.,
        label: Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Operating Activities,
        totalLabel: Net cash flow provided by operating activities
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Operating Activities [Abstract],
        terseLabel: Operating Activities
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss: {
     auth_ref: [
      r63,
      r66,
      r72,
      r94,
      r121,
      r303,
      r315
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities,
       weight: 1.0
      },
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax,
       weight: 1.0
      },
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfIncome: {
       order: null,
       parentTag: null,
       root: true,
       weight: null
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        disclosureGuidance: Net income,
        documentation: The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.,
        label: Net Income (Loss) Attributable To Parent,
        terseLabel: Net income,
        totalLabel: Net income,
        verboseLabel: Net income
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NetIncomeLoss,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureEarningsPerShareEarningsPerShareDetail,
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureSelectedQuarterlyFinancialDataUnauditedQuarterlyFinancialInformationDetails,
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesImpactOfNewAccountingPrinciplesIncomeDetail,
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows,
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfChangesInStockholdersEquity,
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome,
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfIncome
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsPolicyPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy pertaining to new accounting pronouncements that may impact the entity's financial reporting. Includes
 but is not limited to
 quantification of the expected or actual impact.,
        label: New Accounting Pronouncements
 Policy [Policy Text Block],
        verboseLabel: Recent Accounting Pronouncements
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NewAccountingPronouncementsPolicyPolicyTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpense: {
     auth_ref: [
      r80
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfIncome: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The aggregate amount of income or expense from ancillary business-related activities (that is to say
 excluding major activities considered part of the normal operations of the business).,
        label: Nonoperating Income (Expense),
        totalLabel: Other income (expense)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NonoperatingIncomeExpense,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesImpactOfNewAccountingPrinciplesIncomeDetail,
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfIncome
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpenseAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Nonoperating Income (Expense) [Abstract],
        terseLabel: Other income (expense)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NonoperatingIncomeExpenseAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesImpactOfNewAccountingPrinciplesIncomeDetail,
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfIncome
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfIncome: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The net result for the period of deducting operating expenses from operating revenues.,
        label: Operating Income (Loss),
        totalLabel: Income from operations
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OperatingIncomeLoss,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesImpactOfNewAccountingPrinciplesIncomeDetail,
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfIncome
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OperatingLeaseCost: {
     auth_ref: [
      r284,
      r290
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of single lease cost
 calculated by allocation of remaining cost of lease over remaining lease term. Includes
 but is not limited to
 single lease cost
 after impairment of right-of-use asset
 calculated by amortization of remaining right-of-use asset and accretion of lease liability.,
        label: Operating Lease
 Cost,
        terseLabel: Operating lease expense
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OperatingLeaseCost,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureLeasesAndCommitmentsNarrativeDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OperatingLeaseLiabilitiesPaymentsDueAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Lessee
 Operating Lease
 Liability
 Payment
 Due [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OperatingLeaseLiabilitiesPaymentsDueAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureLeasesAndCommitmentsScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeaseCommitmentsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OperatingLeaseLiability: {
     auth_ref: [
      r279
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureLeasesScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeaseCommitmentsDetailsCalc2: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Present value of lessee's discounted obligation for lease payments from operating lease.,
        label: Operating Lease
 Liability,
        terseLabel: Lease liabilities,
        verboseLabel: Total
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OperatingLeaseLiability,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureLeasesAndCommitmentsScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeaseCommitmentsDetails,
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OperatingLeaseLiabilityCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r279
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Present value of lessee's discounted obligation for lease payments from operating lease
 classified as current.,
        label: Operating Lease
 Liability
 Current,
        terseLabel: Current lease obligation
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OperatingLeaseLiabilityCurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OperatingLeaseLiabilityNoncurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r279
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_Liabilities,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Present value of lessee's discounted obligation for lease payments from operating lease
 classified as noncurrent.,
        label: Operating Lease
 Liability
 Noncurrent,
        terseLabel: Lease obligation
 less current lease obligation
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OperatingLeaseLiabilityNoncurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OperatingLeasePayments: {
     auth_ref: [
      r280,
      r285
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash outflow from operating lease
 excluding payments to bring another asset to condition and location necessary for its intended use.,
        label: Operating Lease
 Payments,
        terseLabel: Cash paid for amounts included in the measurements of lease: Operating cash flow from operating leases liabilities
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OperatingLeasePayments,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureLeasesAndCommitmentsScheduleOfSupplementalCashFlowInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OperatingLeaseRightOfUseAsset: {
     auth_ref: [
      r278
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 3.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_Assets,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of lessee's right to use underlying asset under operating lease.,
        label: Operating Lease
 Right-of-Use Asset,
        terseLabel: Right-of-use asset
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OperatingLeaseRightOfUseAsset,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetail,
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OperatingLeaseWeightedAverageDiscountRatePercent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r288,
      r290
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average discount rate for operating lease calculated at point in time.,
        label: Operating Lease
 Weighted Average Discount Rate
 Percent,
        terseLabel: Weighted average discount rate
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OperatingLeaseWeightedAverageDiscountRatePercent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureLeasesAndCommitmentsScheduleOfSupplementalCashFlowInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OperatingLeaseWeightedAverageRemainingLeaseTerm1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r287,
      r290
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average remaining lease term for operating lease
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.,
        label: Operating Lease Weighted Average Remaining Lease Term1,
        terseLabel: Weighted average remaining lease term
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OperatingLeaseWeightedAverageRemainingLeaseTerm1,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureLeasesAndCommitmentsScheduleOfSupplementalCashFlowInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r274,
      r276
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureLeasesScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeaseCommitmentsDetailsCalc2: {
       order: null,
       parentTag: null,
       root: true,
       weight: null
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of required minimum rental payments for leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable letter-terms in excess of one year.,
        label: Operating Leases
 Future Minimum Payments Due
 Total,
        totalLabel: Total minimum lease payments
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureLeasesAndCommitmentsScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeaseCommitmentsUnderPreviousLeaseAccountingStandardDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Operating Leases
 Future Minimum Payments Due
 Fiscal Year Maturity [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureLeasesAndCommitmentsScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeaseCommitmentsUnderPreviousLeaseAccountingStandardDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r274,
      r276
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureLeasesScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeaseCommitmentsDetailsCalc2: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.,
        label: Operating Leases
 Future Minimum Payments Due
 Next Twelve Months,
        terseLabel: 2019
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueCurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureLeasesAndCommitmentsScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeaseCommitmentsUnderPreviousLeaseAccountingStandardDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFiveYears: {
     auth_ref: [
      r274,
      r276
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureLeasesScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeaseCommitmentsDetailsCalc2: {
       order: 5.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.,
        label: Operating Leases
 Future Minimum Payments
 Due in Five Years,
        verboseLabel: 2023
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFiveYears,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureLeasesAndCommitmentsScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeaseCommitmentsUnderPreviousLeaseAccountingStandardDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFourYears: {
     auth_ref: [
      r274,
      r276
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureLeasesScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeaseCommitmentsDetailsCalc2: {
       order: 4.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.,
        label: Operating Leases
 Future Minimum Payments
 Due in Four Years,
        terseLabel: 2022
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFourYears,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureLeasesAndCommitmentsScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeaseCommitmentsUnderPreviousLeaseAccountingStandardDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInThreeYears: {
     auth_ref: [
      r274,
      r276
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureLeasesScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeaseCommitmentsDetailsCalc2: {
       order: 3.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.,
        label: Operating Leases
 Future Minimum Payments
 Due in Three Years,
        terseLabel: 2021
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInThreeYears,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureLeasesAndCommitmentsScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeaseCommitmentsUnderPreviousLeaseAccountingStandardDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInTwoYears: {
     auth_ref: [
      r274,
      r276
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureLeasesScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeaseCommitmentsDetailsCalc2: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.,
        label: Operating Leases
 Future Minimum Payments
 Due in Two Years,
        terseLabel: 2020
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInTwoYears,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureLeasesAndCommitmentsScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeaseCommitmentsUnderPreviousLeaseAccountingStandardDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueThereafter: {
     auth_ref: [
      r274,
      r276
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureLeasesScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeaseCommitmentsDetailsCalc2: {
       order: 6.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due after the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.,
        label: Operating Leases
 Future Minimum Payments
 Due Thereafter,
        verboseLabel: Thereafter
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueThereafter,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureLeasesAndCommitmentsScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeaseCommitmentsUnderPreviousLeaseAccountingStandardDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OperatingLeasesOfLesseeDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r176,
      r272,
      r273,
      r275,
      r277
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure for lessee's operating leases. Includes
 but is not limited to
 description of lessee's operating lease
 existence and terms of renewal or purchase options and escalation clauses
 restrictions imposed by lease
 such as those concerning dividends
 additional debt
 and further leasing
 rent holidays
 rent concessions
 or leasehold improvement incentives and unusual provisions or conditions.,
        label: Operating Leases of Lessee Disclosure [Table Text Block],
        terseLabel: Future Minimum Rental and Lease Payments
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OperatingLeasesOfLesseeDisclosureTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureLeasesAndCommitmentsTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwards: {
     auth_ref: [
      r244
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of operating loss carryforward
 before tax effects
 available to reduce future taxable income under enacted tax laws.,
        label: Operating Loss Carryforwards,
        terseLabel: Operating loss carryforwards
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OperatingLossCarryforwards,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesNarrativeDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OptionIndexedToIssuersEquityTypeAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r177,
      r260,
      r261,
      r262
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of freestanding contracts issued by an entity that are indexed to
 and potentially settled in
 an entity's own stock.,
        label: Option Indexed to Issuer's Equity
 Type [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OptionIndexedToIssuersEquityTypeAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureShareBasedCompensationScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationStockOptionsActivityDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OptionIndexedToIssuersEquityTypeDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r263
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Description of the type of freestanding contract issued by a Company that is indexed to
 and potentially settled in
 a Company's own stock. Specifically
 the pertinent rights and privileges of the securities outstanding.,
        label: Option Indexed To Issuers Equity Type [Domain],
        terseLabel: Option Indexed to Issuer's Equity
 Type [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OptionIndexedToIssuersEquityTypeDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureShareBasedCompensationScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationStockOptionsActivityDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Nature of the Business [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationBasisOfPresentationBusinessDescriptionAndAccountingPoliciesTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r108,
      r113,
      r136,
      r259
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for the general note to the financial statements for the reporting entity which may include
 descriptions of the basis of presentation
 business description
 significant accounting policies
 consolidations
 reclassifications
 new pronouncements not yet adopted and changes in accounting principles.,
        label: Organization
 Consolidation
 Basis of Presentation
 Business Description and Accounting Policies [Text Block],
        verboseLabel: Principles of Consolidation
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OrganizationConsolidationBasisOfPresentationBusinessDescriptionAndAccountingPoliciesTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OtherAmortizationOfDeferredCharges: {
     auth_ref: [
      r78,
      r93
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 4.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of amortization of other deferred costs recognized in the income statement.,
        label: Amortization of Other Deferred Charges,
        terseLabel: Amortization of premium on investment securities
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OtherAmortizationOfDeferredCharges,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OtherAssetsNoncurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r37
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 4.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_Assets,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of noncurrent assets classified as other.,
        label: Other Assets Noncurrent,
        terseLabel: Other assets
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OtherAssetsNoncurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossAvailableForSaleSecuritiesAdjustmentNetOfTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r54,
      r55,
      r57
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount after tax and reclassification adjustments
 of appreciation (loss) in value of unsold available-for-sale securities. Excludes amounts related to other than temporary impairment (OTTI) loss.,
        label: Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Available-for-sale Securities Adjustment
 Net of Tax,
        totalLabel: Total change in unrealized gains (losses) on investment securities
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossAvailableForSaleSecuritiesAdjustmentNetOfTax,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r53,
      r270
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount after tax and reclassification adjustments of gain (loss) on foreign currency translation adjustments
 foreign currency transactions designated and effective as economic hedges of a net investment in a foreign entity and intra-entity foreign currency transactions that are of a long-term-investment nature.,
        label: Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Foreign Currency Transaction and Translation Adjustment
 Net of Tax,
        verboseLabel: Foreign currency translation
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTax,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r64,
      r67,
      r70,
      r178
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount after tax and reclassification adjustments of other comprehensive income (loss).,
        label: Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Net Of Tax,
        totalLabel: Other comprehensive income (loss),
        verboseLabel: Other comprehensive income (loss)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfChangesInStockholdersEquity,
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPeriodIncreaseDecreaseAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Net Of Tax [Abstract],
        verboseLabel: Other comprehensive income (loss)
 net of tax:
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPeriodIncreaseDecreaseAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIForSaleOfSecuritiesNetOfTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r57,
      r60,
      r61,
      r150
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossAvailableForSaleSecuritiesAdjustmentNetOfTax,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount after tax of reclassification adjustment from accumulated other comprehensive income for unrealized gain (loss) realized upon the sale of available-for-sale securities.,
        label: Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Reclassification Adjustment from AOCI for Sale of Securities
 Net of Tax,
        negatedTerseLabel: Adjustment for net losses realized and included in net income
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIForSaleOfSecuritiesNetOfTax,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeUnrealizedHoldingGainLossOnSecuritiesArisingDuringPeriodNetOfTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r54,
      r57
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossAvailableForSaleSecuritiesAdjustmentNetOfTax,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount after tax
 before reclassification adjustments
 of unrealized holding gain (loss) on available-for-sale securities.,
        label: Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Unrealized Holding Gain (Loss) On Securities Arising During Period
 Net Of Tax,
        terseLabel: Change in fair value of marketable securities
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OtherComprehensiveIncomeUnrealizedHoldingGainLossOnSecuritiesArisingDuringPeriodNetOfTax,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OtherDepreciationAndAmortization: {
     auth_ref: [
      r78,
      r93,
      r166
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of expense charged against earnings to allocate the cost of tangible and intangible assets over their remaining economic lives
 classified as other.,
        label: Other Depreciation and Amortization,
        terseLabel: Depreciation and amortization
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OtherDepreciationAndAmortization,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosurePropertyPlantAndEquipmentNarrativeDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpense: {
     auth_ref: [
      r81
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfIncome: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpense,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of income (expense) related to nonoperating activities
 classified as other.,
        label: Other Nonoperating Income (Expense),
        terseLabel: Other income (expense)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpense,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesImpactOfNewAccountingPrinciplesIncomeDetail,
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfIncome
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PayablesAndAccrualsAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Accounts Payable and Accrued Expenses [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PayablesAndAccrualsAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PaymentsForRepurchaseOfCommonStock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r88
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 3.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cash outflow to reacquire common stock during the period.,
        label: Payments for Repurchase of Common Stock,
        negatedLabel: Stock repurchases
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PaymentsForRepurchaseOfCommonStock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PaymentsForRepurchaseOfOtherEquity: {
     auth_ref: [
      r88
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash outflow to reacquire equity classified as other.,
        label: Payments for Repurchase of Other Equity,
        negatedLabel: Net shares repurchased for employee taxes
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PaymentsForRepurchaseOfOtherEquity,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PaymentsOfDividends: {
     auth_ref: [
      r88
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 4.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Cash outflow in the form of capital distributions and dividends to common shareholders
 preferred shareholders and noncontrolling interests.,
        label: Payments of Dividends
 Total,
        negatedLabel: Cash dividends paid to stockholders
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PaymentsOfDividends,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireInvestments: {
     auth_ref: [
      r86
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cash outflow associated with the purchase of all investments (debt
 security
 other) during the period.,
        label: Payments To Acquire Investments,
        negatedLabel: Purchase of investment securities
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PaymentsToAcquireInvestments,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment: {
     auth_ref: [
      r85
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 4.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cash outflow associated with the acquisition of long-lived
 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale; includes cash outflows to pay for construction of self-constructed assets.,
        label: Payments To Acquire Property Plant and Equipment,
        negatedLabel: Purchase of property and equipment
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PerformanceSharesMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Share-based payment arrangement awarded for meeting performance target.,
        label: Performance Shares [Member],
        terseLabel: Performance Shares [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PerformanceSharesMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssetsCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r6,
      r31,
      r32
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 6.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_AssetsCurrent,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for costs that provide economic benefits in future periods
 and amount of other assets that are expected to be realized or consumed within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.,
        label: Prepaid Expense and Other Assets Current,
        terseLabel: Prepaid expenses and other current assets
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssetsCurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesImpactOfNewAccountingPrinciplesBalanceSheetsDetail,
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PrepaidTaxes: {
     auth_ref: [
      r5,
      r7,
      r163,
      r164
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 5.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_AssetsCurrent,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for income and other taxes that provide economic benefits within a future period of one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.,
        label: Prepaid Taxes,
        terseLabel: Income taxes
 prepaid
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PrepaidTaxes,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PriorPeriodReclassificationAdjustmentDescription: {
     auth_ref: [
      r0
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for reclassifications that affects the comparability of the financial statements.,
        label: Reclassification
 Policy [Policy Text Block],
        verboseLabel: Reclassification
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PriorPeriodReclassificationAdjustmentDescription,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipment: {
     auth_ref: [
      r83
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 3.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cash inflow from the sale of long-lived
 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale.,
        label: Proceeds from Sale of Property
 Plant
 and Equipment,
        verboseLabel: Sale of property and equipment
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ProceedsFromSaleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipment,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfShortTermInvestments: {
     auth_ref: [
      r84
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cash inflow from sales of all investments
 including securities and other assets
 having ready marketability and intended by management to be liquidated
 if necessary
 within the current operating cycle. Includes cash flows from securities classified as trading securities that were acquired for reasons other than sale in the short-term.,
        label: Proceeds From Sale Of Short Term Investments,
        terseLabel: Sale and maturities of investment securities
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ProceedsFromSaleOfShortTermInvestments,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ProceedsFromStockOptionsExercised: {
     auth_ref: [
      r87,
      r224
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash inflow from exercise of option under share-based payment arrangement.,
        label: Proceeds from Stock Options Exercised,
        terseLabel: Proceeds from stock options exercised,
        verboseLabel: Options exercised by executives and directors
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ProceedsFromStockOptionsExercised,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetail,
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r36,
      r169
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of long-lived
 physical assets used to produce goods and services and not intended for resale.,
        label: Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Type [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosurePropertyPlantAndEquipmentPropertyPlantAndEquipmentDetail,
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesSummaryOfEstimatedUsefulLivesOfAssetsDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r171
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for long-lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 accounting policies and methodology
 roll forwards
 depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 including composite depreciation
 accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 useful lives and method used
 income statement disclosures
 assets held for sale and public utility disclosures.,
        label: Property
 Plant and Equipment Disclosure [Text Block],
        verboseLabel: Property
 Plant and Equipment
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosurePropertyPlantAndEquipment
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross: {
     auth_ref: [
      r35,
      r167
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosurePropertyPlantAndEquipmentPropertyPlantAndEquipmentDetail: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.,
        label: Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Gross
 Total,
        terseLabel: Property
 plant and equipment
 gross
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosurePropertyPlantAndEquipmentPropertyPlantAndEquipmentDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.,
        label: Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosurePropertyPlantAndEquipmentPropertyPlantAndEquipmentDetail,
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesSummaryOfEstimatedUsefulLivesOfAssetsDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet: {
     auth_ref: [
      r13,
      r14,
      r169,
      r314
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosurePropertyPlantAndEquipmentPropertyPlantAndEquipmentDetail: {
       order: null,
       parentTag: null,
       root: true,
       weight: null
      },
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_Assets,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.,
        label: Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Net
 Total,
        terseLabel: Property
 plant and equipment - net,
        totalLabel: Property
 plant and equipment- net
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosurePropertyPlantAndEquipmentPropertyPlantAndEquipmentDetail,
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r34,
      r99,
      r169
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for long-lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 basis of assets
 depreciation and depletion methods used
 including composite deprecation
 estimated useful lives
 capitalization policy
 accounting treatment for costs incurred for repairs and maintenance
 capitalized interest and the method it is calculated
 disposals and impairments.,
        label: Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Policy [Policy Text Block],
        verboseLabel: Property
 Plant
 and Equipment
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentPolicyTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r13,
      r169
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances by class of assets
 depreciation and depletion expense and method used
 including composite depreciation
 and accumulated deprecation.,
        label: Property
 Plant and Equipment [Table Text Block],
        verboseLabel: Property
 Plant and Equipment
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosurePropertyPlantAndEquipmentTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTypeDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r13,
      r167
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Listing of long-lived
 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 and other types of furniture and equipment including
 but not limited to
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment and software.,
        label: Property Plant And Equipment Type [Domain],
        terseLabel: Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Type [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTypeDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosurePropertyPlantAndEquipmentPropertyPlantAndEquipmentDetail,
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesSummaryOfEstimatedUsefulLivesOfAssetsDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Useful life of long lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days. Examples include
 but not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment.,
        label: Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Useful Life,
        terseLabel: Property
 plant and equipment
 useful life
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesSummaryOfEstimatedUsefulLivesOfAssetsDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ProvisionForDoubtfulAccounts: {
     auth_ref: [
      r74,
      r154
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 5.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of expense (reversal of expense) for expected credit loss on accounts receivable.,
        label: Accounts Receivable
 Credit Loss Expense (Reversal),
        terseLabel: Bad debt expense
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ProvisionForDoubtfulAccounts,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationDisclosureAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Selected Quarterly Financial Data (unaudited) [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: QuarterlyFinancialInformationDisclosureAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r127
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for quarterly financial data. Includes
 but is not limited to
 tabular presentation of financial information for fiscal quarters
 effect of year-end adjustments
 and an explanation of matters or transactions that affect comparability of the information.,
        label: Quarterly Financial Information [Text Block],
        terseLabel: Selected Quarterly Financial Data (unaudited)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: QuarterlyFinancialInformationTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureSelectedQuarterlyFinancialDataUnaudited
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_RecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligation: {
     auth_ref: [
      r173
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of the recorded obligation to transfer funds in the future for fixed or minimum amounts or quantities of goods or services at fixed or minimum prices (for example
 as in take-or-pay contracts or throughput contracts).,
        label: Recorded Unconditional Purchase Obligation,
        terseLabel: Unconditional purchase obligation
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligation,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureLeasesAndCommitmentsNarrativeDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_RecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationByCategoryOfItemPurchasedAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r172,
      r173
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Pertinent information about recorded unconditional purchase arrangements to acquire goods or services
 by category of goods or services.,
        label: Recorded Unconditional Purchase Obligation by Category of Item Purchased [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationByCategoryOfItemPurchasedAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureLeasesAndCommitmentsNarrativeDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpense: {
     auth_ref: [
      r229,
      r330
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The aggregate costs incurred (1) in a planned search or critical investigation aimed at discovery of new knowledge with the hope that such knowledge will be useful in developing a new product or service
 a new process or technique
 or in bringing about a significant improvement to an existing product or process; or (2) to translate research findings or other knowledge into a plan or design for a new product or process or for a significant improvement to an existing product or process whether intended for sale or the entity's use
 during the reporting period charged to research and development projects
 including the costs of developing computer software up to the point in time of achieving technological feasibility
 and costs allocated in accounting for a business combination to in-process projects deemed to have no alternative future use.,
        label: Research and Development Expense,
        terseLabel: Research and development expense
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ResearchAndDevelopmentExpense,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpensePolicy: {
     auth_ref: [
      r99,
      r229
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for costs it has incurred (1) in a planned search or critical investigation aimed at discovery of new knowledge with the hope that such knowledge will be useful in developing a new product or service
 a new process or technique
 or in bringing about a significant improvement to an existing product or process; or (2) to translate research findings or other knowledge into a plan or design for a new product or process or for a significant improvement to an existing product or process.,
        label: Research and Development Expense
 Policy [Policy Text Block],
        terseLabel: Research and Development
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ResearchAndDevelopmentExpensePolicy,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_RestrictedCashAndCashEquivalentsCashAndCashEquivalentsMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Type of cash and cash equivalent. Cash is currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates.,
        label: Restricted Cash And Cash Equivalents Cash And Cash Equivalents [Member],
        terseLabel: Cash and Cash Equivalents [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RestrictedCashAndCashEquivalentsCashAndCashEquivalentsMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureFinancialInstrumentsCashAndAvailableForSaleSecuritiesAdjustedCostGrossUnrealizedGainsGrossUnrealizedLossesAndFairValueBySignificantInvestmentCategoryDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_RestrictedStockMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r120
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Stock including a provision that prohibits sale or substantive sale of an equity instrument for a specified period of time or until specified performance conditions are met.,
        label: Restricted Stock [Member],
        terseLabel: Restricted Stock [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RestrictedStockMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureEarningsPerShareNarrativeDetail,
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetail,
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureShareBasedCompensationSummaryOfRestrictedStockActivityDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_RetailRelatedInventoryPackagingAndOtherSupplies: {
     auth_ref: [
      r49
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureInventoriesDetail: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_InventoryNet,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of items used in storage
 presentation or transportation of physical goods that are targeted for sale to end users.,
        label: Retail Related Inventory
 Packaging and Other Supplies,
        terseLabel: Packaging
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RetailRelatedInventoryPackagingAndOtherSupplies,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureInventoriesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r24,
      r179,
      r312
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 4.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_StockholdersEquity,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cumulative amount of the reporting entity's undistributed earnings or deficit.,
        label: Retained Earnings Accumulated Deficit,
        terseLabel: Retained earnings
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesImpactOfNewAccountingPrinciplesBalanceSheetsDetail,
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_RetainedEarningsMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cumulative amount of the reporting entity's undistributed earnings or deficit.,
        label: Retained Earnings [Member],
        terseLabel: Retained Earnings [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RetainedEarningsMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfChangesInStockholdersEquity
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_RevenueRecognitionPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r100,
      r101
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for revenue. Includes revenue from contract with customer and from other sources.,
        label: Revenue Recognition
 Policy [Policy Text Block],
        verboseLabel: Revenue Recognition
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RevenueRecognitionPolicyTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_Revenues: {
     auth_ref: [
      r71,
      r137,
      r138,
      r142
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfIncome: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_GrossProfit,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of revenue recognized from goods sold
 services rendered
 insurance premiums
 or other activities that constitute an earning process. Includes
 but is not limited to
 investment and interest income before deduction of interest expense when recognized as a component of revenue
 and sales and trading gain (loss).,
        label: Revenues,
        verboseLabel: Revenue
       }
      }
     },
     localname: Revenues,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureSelectedQuarterlyFinancialDataUnauditedQuarterlyFinancialInformationDetails,
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesImpactOfNewAccountingPrinciplesIncomeDetail,
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfIncome
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_RightOfUseAssetObtainedInExchangeForOperatingLeaseLiability: {
     auth_ref: [
      r286,
      r290
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase in right-of-use asset obtained in exchange for operating lease liability.,
        label: Right-of-Use Asset Obtained in Exchange for Operating Lease Liability
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RightOfUseAssetObtainedInExchangeForOperatingLeaseLiability,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureLeasesAndCommitmentsScheduleOfSupplementalCashFlowInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_SalesAndExciseTaxPayableCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r10,
      r38
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureAccountsPayableAndAccruedExpensesAccountsPayableAndAccruedExpensesDetail: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of liabilities incurred through that date and payable for statutory sales and use taxes
 including value added tax. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).,
        label: Sales and Excise Tax Payable
 Current,
        terseLabel: Sales tax payable
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SalesAndExciseTaxPayableCurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureAccountsPayableAndAccruedExpensesAccountsPayableAndAccruedExpensesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfAccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the (a) carrying value as of the balance sheet date of liabilities incurred (and for which invoices have typically been received) and payable to vendors for goods and services received that are used in an entity's business (accounts payable); (b) other payables; and (c) accrued liabilities. Examples include taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer). An alternative caption includes accrued expenses.,
        label: Schedule of Accounts Payable and Accrued Liabilities [Table Text Block],
        verboseLabel: Schedule of Accounts Payable and Accrued Liabilities
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfAccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesTableTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureAccountsPayableAndAccruedExpensesTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r59
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the components of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss).,
        label: Schedule of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) [Table Text Block],
        terseLabel: Schedule of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTableTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfAvailableForSaleSecuritiesReconciliationTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the reconciliation of available-for-sale securities from cost basis to fair value.,
        label: Schedule of Available-for-sale Securities Reconciliation [Table Text Block],
        terseLabel: Cash and Available for Sale Securities Adjusted Cost
 Gross Unrealized Gains
 Gross Unrealized Losses
 and Fair Value by Significant Investment Category
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfAvailableForSaleSecuritiesReconciliationTableTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureFinancialInstrumentsTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r250
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the components of income tax expense attributable to continuing operations for each year presented including
 but not limited to: current tax expense (benefit)
 deferred tax expense (benefit)
 investment tax credits
 government grants
 the benefits of operating loss carryforwards
 tax expense that results from allocating certain tax benefits either directly to contributed capital or to reduce goodwill or other noncurrent intangible assets of an acquired entity
 adjustments of a deferred tax liability or asset for enacted changes in tax laws or rates or a change in the tax status of the entity
 and adjustments of the beginning-of-the-year balances of a valuation allowance because of a change in circumstances that causes a change in judgment about the realizability of the related deferred tax asset in future years.,
        label: Schedule of Components of Income Tax Expense (Benefit) [Table Text Block],
        terseLabel: Schedule of Components of Income Tax Expense (Benefit)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r242
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the components of net deferred tax asset or liability recognized in an entity's statement of financial position
 including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities
 the total of all deferred tax assets
 the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets.,
        label: Schedule of Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities [Table Text Block],
        verboseLabel: Schedule of Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r121
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of an entity's basic and diluted earnings per share calculations
 including a reconciliation of numerators and denominators of the basic and diluted per-share computations for income from continuing operations.,
        label: Schedule of Earnings Per Share
 Basic and Diluted [Table Text Block],
        terseLabel: Earnings Per Share
 Basic and Diluted
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedTableTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureEarningsPerShareTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r236
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the reconciliation using percentage or dollar amounts of the reported amount of income tax expense attributable to continuing operations for the year to the amount of income tax expense that would result from applying domestic federal statutory tax rates to pretax income from continuing operations.,
        label: Schedule of Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation [Table Text Block],
        verboseLabel: Schedule of Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r11,
      r28,
      r29,
      r30
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of merchandise
 goods
 commodities
 or supplies held for future sale or to be used in manufacturing
 servicing or production process.,
        label: Schedule Of Inventory Current Table [Text Block],
        terseLabel: Inventories
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureInventoriesTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfNonvestedRestrictedStockUnitsActivityTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r206
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the changes in outstanding nonvested restricted stock units.,
        label: Schedule Of Nonvested Restricted Stock Units Activity Table [Text Block],
        terseLabel: Restricted Stock Activity
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfNonvestedRestrictedStockUnitsActivityTableTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureShareBasedCompensationTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r36,
      r169
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of information about physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances by class of assets
 depreciation and depletion expense and method used
 including composite depreciation
 and accumulated deprecation.,
        label: Property
 Plant and Equipment [Table]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentTable,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosurePropertyPlantAndEquipmentPropertyPlantAndEquipmentDetail,
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesSummaryOfEstimatedUsefulLivesOfAssetsDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r126
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of quarterly financial data. Includes
 but is not limited to
 financial information for fiscal quarters
 cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle and earnings per share data.,
        label: Quarterly Financial Information [Table Text Block],
        terseLabel: Quarterly Financial Information
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationTableTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureSelectedQuarterlyFinancialDataUnauditedTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r194,
      r223
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of information about share-based payment arrangement.,
        label: Schedule of Share-based Compensation Arrangements by Share-based Payment Award [Table]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardTable,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetail,
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureShareBasedCompensationScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationStockOptionsActivityDetail,
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureShareBasedCompensationSummaryOfRestrictedStockActivityDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationStockOptionsActivityTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r200,
      r211,
      r213
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure for stock option plans. Includes
 but is not limited to
 outstanding awards at beginning and end of year
 grants
 exercises
 forfeitures
 and weighted-average grant date fair value.,
        label: Schedule of Share-based Compensation
 Stock Options
 Activity [Table Text Block],
        verboseLabel: Schedule of Share-based Compensation
 Stock Options
 Activity
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationStockOptionsActivityTableTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureShareBasedCompensationTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedPaymentAwardStockOptionsValuationAssumptionsTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r215
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the significant assumptions used during the year to estimate the fair value of stock options
 including
 but not limited to: (a) expected term of share options and similar instruments
 (b) expected volatility of the entity's shares
 (c) expected dividends
 (d) risk-free rate(s)
 and (e) discount for post-vesting restrictions.,
        label: Schedule of Share-based Payment Award
 Stock Options
 Valuation Assumptions [Table Text Block],
        verboseLabel: Schedule of Assumptions Used
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfShareBasedPaymentAwardStockOptionsValuationAssumptionsTableTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureShareBasedCompensationTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_SegmentContinuingOperationsMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Component of an entity expected to operate in the foreseeable future.,
        label: Segment Continuing Operations [Member],
        terseLabel: Continuing Operations [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SegmentContinuingOperationsMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosurePropertyPlantAndEquipmentNarrativeDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_SegmentOperatingActivitiesDomain: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Operations of an entity including continuing and discontinued operations.,
        label: Segment Operating Activities [Domain],
        terseLabel: Operating Activities [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SegmentOperatingActivitiesDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosurePropertyPlantAndEquipmentNarrativeDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpense: {
     auth_ref: [
      r79,
      r157
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfIncome: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The aggregate total costs related to selling a firm's product and services
 as well as all other general and administrative expenses. Direct selling expenses (for example
 credit
 warranty
 and advertising) are expenses that can be directly linked to the sale of specific products. Indirect selling expenses are expenses that cannot be directly linked to the sale of specific products
 for example telephone expenses
 Internet
 and postal charges. General and administrative expenses include salaries of non-sales personnel
 rent
 utilities
 communication
 etc.,
        label: Selling
 General and Administrative Expense,
        verboseLabel: Selling
 general
 and administrative
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpense,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesImpactOfNewAccountingPrinciplesIncomeDetail,
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfIncome
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation: {
     auth_ref: [
      r92
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 6.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of noncash expense for share-based payment arrangement.,
        label: Share-based Compensation
 Total,
        terseLabel: Share-based compensation
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensation,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetail,
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r195
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Period over which grantee's right to exercise award under share-based payment arrangement is no longer contingent on satisfaction of service or performance condition
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days. Includes
 but is not limited to
 combination of market
 performance or service condition.,
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Award Vesting Period,
        verboseLabel: Award vesting period
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeitedInPeriod: {
     auth_ref: [
      r205
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The number of equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that were forfeited during the reporting period.,
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Forfeited in Period,
        negatedLabel: Forfeited
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeitedInPeriod,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureShareBasedCompensationSummaryOfRestrictedStockActivityDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeituresWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r210
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average fair value as of the grant date of equity-based award plans other than stock (unit) option plans that were not exercised or put into effect as a result of the occurrence of a terminating event.,
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Forfeitures
 Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value,
        terseLabel: Forfeited
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeituresWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureShareBasedCompensationSummaryOfRestrictedStockActivityDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod: {
     auth_ref: [
      r208
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The number of grants made during the period on other than stock (or unit) option plans (for example
 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).,
        label: Share Based Compensation Arrangement By Share Based Payment Award Equity Instruments Other Than Options Grants In Period,
        terseLabel: Granted,
        verboseLabel: Shares granted in period
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetail,
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureShareBasedCompensationSummaryOfRestrictedStockActivityDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r208
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The weighted average fair value at grant date for nonvested equity-based awards issued during the period on other than stock (or unit) option plans (for example
 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).,
        label: Share Based Compensation Arrangement By Share Based Payment Award Equity Instruments Other Than Options Grants In Period Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value,
        terseLabel: Granted
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureShareBasedCompensationSummaryOfRestrictedStockActivityDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber: {
     auth_ref: [
      r207
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The number of non-vested equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that validly exist and are outstanding as of the balance sheet date.,
        label: Share Based Compensation Arrangement By Share Based Payment Award Equity Instruments Other Than Options Nonvested Number,
        periodEndLabel: Outstanding at end of period,
        periodStartLabel: Outstanding at beginning of period
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureShareBasedCompensationSummaryOfRestrictedStockActivityDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedRollForward: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: A roll forward is a reconciliation of a concept from the beginning of a period to the end of a period.,
        label: Share Based Compensation Arrangement By Share Based Payment Award Equity Instruments Other Than Options Nonvested [Roll Forward],
        terseLabel: Shares
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedRollForward,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureShareBasedCompensationSummaryOfRestrictedStockActivityDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r207
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Per share or unit weighted-average fair value of nonvested award under share-based payment arrangement. Excludes share and unit options.,
        label: Share Based Compensation Arrangement By Share Based Payment Award Equity Instruments Other Than Options Nonvested Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value,
        periodEndLabel: Outstanding at end of period,
        periodStartLabel: Outstanding at beginning of period
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureShareBasedCompensationSummaryOfRestrictedStockActivityDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValueRollForward: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: A roll forward is a reconciliation of a concept from the beginning of a period to the end of a period.,
        label: Share Based Compensation Arrangement By Share Based Payment Award Equity Instruments Other Than Options Nonvested Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value [Roll Forward],
        terseLabel: Weighted-Average Grant Date Fair Value
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValueRollForward,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureShareBasedCompensationSummaryOfRestrictedStockActivityDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriod: {
     auth_ref: [
      r209
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The number of equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that vested during the reporting period.,
        label: Share Based Compensation Arrangement By Share Based Payment Award Equity Instruments Other Than Options Vested In Period,
        negatedLabel: Vested,
        terseLabel: Shares vested in period
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriod,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetail,
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureShareBasedCompensationSummaryOfRestrictedStockActivityDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriodTotalFairValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r212
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Fair value of share-based awards for which the grantee gained the right by satisfying service and performance requirements
 to receive or retain shares or units
 other instruments
 or cash.,
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Vested in Period
 Fair Value,
        terseLabel: Share-based compensation arrangement
 fair value of awards vested
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriodTotalFairValue,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r209
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The weighted average fair value as of grant date pertaining to an equity-based award plan other than a stock (or unit) option plan for which the grantee gained the right during the reporting period
 by satisfying service and performance requirements
 to receive or retain shares or units
 other instruments
 or cash in accordance with the terms of the arrangement.,
        label: Share Based Compensation Arrangement By Share Based Payment Award Equity Instruments Other Than Options Vested In Period Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value,
        terseLabel: Vested
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureShareBasedCompensationSummaryOfRestrictedStockActivityDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedDividendRate: {
     auth_ref: [
      r218
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The estimated dividend rate (a percentage of the share price) to be paid (expected dividends) to holders of the underlying shares over the option's term.,
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Fair Value Assumptions
 Expected Dividend Rate,
        verboseLabel: Dividend yield
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedDividendRate,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureShareBasedCompensationScheduleOfAssumptionsUsedDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRate: {
     auth_ref: [
      r217
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The estimated measure of the percentage by which a share price is expected to fluctuate during a period. Volatility also may be defined as a probability-weighted measure of the dispersion of returns about the mean. The volatility of a share price is the standard deviation of the continuously compounded rates of return on the share over a specified period. That is the same as the standard deviation of the differences in the natural logarithms of the stock prices plus dividends
 if any
 over the period.,
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Fair Value Assumptions
 Expected Volatility Rate,
        verboseLabel: Expected volatility
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRate,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureShareBasedCompensationScheduleOfAssumptionsUsedDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRate: {
     auth_ref: [
      r219
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The risk-free interest rate assumption that is used in valuing an option on its own shares.,
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Fair Value Assumptions
 Risk Free Interest Rate,
        verboseLabel: Risk-free interest rate
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRate,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureShareBasedCompensationScheduleOfAssumptionsUsedDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.,
        label: Share Based Compensation Arrangement By Share Based Payment Award [Line Items],
        terseLabel: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award [Line Items]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetail,
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureShareBasedCompensationScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationStockOptionsActivityDetail,
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureShareBasedCompensationSummaryOfRestrictedStockActivityDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfAdditionalSharesAuthorized: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of additional shares authorized for issuance under share-based payment arrangement.,
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Number of Additional Shares Authorized,
        terseLabel: Increase in the number of shares authorized
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfAdditionalSharesAuthorized,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureEquityNarrativeDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAuthorized: {
     auth_ref: [
      r197
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of shares authorized for issuance under share-based payment arrangement.,
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Number of Shares Authorized,
        terseLabel: Share-based compensation arrangement shares to be issued,
        verboseLabel: Shares authorized for issuance
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAuthorized,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureEquityNarrativeDetails,
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableNumber: {
     auth_ref: [
      r203
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The number of shares into which fully or partially vested stock options outstanding as of the balance sheet date can be currently converted under the option plan.,
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Exercisable
 Number,
        verboseLabel: Shares
 Exercisable
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableNumber,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureShareBasedCompensationScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationStockOptionsActivityDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageExercisePrice: {
     auth_ref: [
      r203
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The weighted-average price as of the balance sheet date at which grantees can acquire the shares reserved for issuance on vested portions of options outstanding and currently exercisable under the stock option plan.,
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Exercisable
 Weighted Average Exercise Price,
        verboseLabel: Weighted-Average Exercise Price
 Exercisable
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageExercisePrice,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureShareBasedCompensationScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationStockOptionsActivityDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodTotalIntrinsicValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r212
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of accumulated difference between fair value of underlying shares on dates of exercise and exercise price on options exercised (or share units converted) into shares.,
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Exercises in Period
 Intrinsic Value,
        terseLabel: Intrinsic value of options exercised
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodTotalIntrinsicValue,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresInPeriod: {
     auth_ref: [
      r205
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The number of shares under options that were cancelled during the reporting period as a result of occurrence of a terminating event specified in contractual agreements pertaining to the stock option plan.,
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Forfeitures in Period,
        negatedLabel: Shares
 Forfeited
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresInPeriod,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureShareBasedCompensationScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationStockOptionsActivityDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Gross number of share options (or share units) granted during the period.,
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Grants in Period
 Gross,
        verboseLabel: Shares
 Granted
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureShareBasedCompensationScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationStockOptionsActivityDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingIntrinsicValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r223
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount by which the current fair value of the underlying stock exceeds the exercise price of options outstanding.,
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Outstanding
 Intrinsic Value,
        terseLabel: Aggregate intrinsic value of options outstanding
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingIntrinsicValue,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber: {
     auth_ref: [
      r202,
      r223
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of options outstanding
 including both vested and non-vested options.,
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Outstanding
 Number
 Beginning Balance,
        periodEndLabel: Shares
 Outstanding Ending Balance,
        periodStartLabel: Shares
 Outstanding Beginning Balance
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureShareBasedCompensationScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationStockOptionsActivityDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice: {
     auth_ref: [
      r201
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average price at which grantees can acquire the shares reserved for issuance under the stock option plan.,
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Outstanding
 Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Beginning Balance,
        periodEndLabel: Weighted-Average Exercise Price
 Outstanding Ending Balance,
        periodStartLabel: Weighted-Average Exercise Price
 Outstanding Beginning Balance
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureShareBasedCompensationScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationStockOptionsActivityDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardSharesIssuedInPeriod: {
     auth_ref: [
      r223
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of shares issued under share-based payment arrangement.,
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Shares Issued in Period,
        verboseLabel: Share-based compensation (in shares)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardSharesIssuedInPeriod,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfChangesInStockholdersEquity
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardTypeAndPlanNameDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r193,
      r198
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Award under share-based payment arrangement.,
        label: Share Based Compensation Arrangements By Share Based Payment Award Award Type And Plan Name [Domain],
        terseLabel: Equity Award [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardTypeAndPlanNameDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetail,
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureShareBasedCompensationSummaryOfRestrictedStockActivityDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average price at which option holders acquired shares when converting their stock options into shares.,
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangements by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Exercises in Period
 Weighted Average Exercise Price,
        verboseLabel: Weighted-Average Exercise Price
 Exercised
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureShareBasedCompensationScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationStockOptionsActivityDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average price at which grantees could have acquired the underlying shares with respect to stock options that were terminated.,
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangements by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Forfeitures in Period
 Weighted Average Exercise Price,
        verboseLabel: Weighted-Average Exercise Price
 Forfeited
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureShareBasedCompensationScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationStockOptionsActivityDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average per share amount at which grantees can acquire shares of common stock by exercise of options.,
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangements by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Grants in Period
 Weighted Average Exercise Price,
        terseLabel: Weighted-Average Exercise Price
 Granted
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureShareBasedCompensationScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationStockOptionsActivityDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationOptionAndIncentivePlansPolicy: {
     auth_ref: [
      r99,
      r194,
      r199
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for award under share-based payment arrangement. Includes
 but is not limited to
 methodology and assumption used in measuring cost.,
        label: Share-based Compensation
 Option and Incentive Plans Policy [Policy Text Block],
        verboseLabel: Share-Based Compensation
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationOptionAndIncentivePlansPolicy,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeLowerRangeLimit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r220
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The floor of a customized range of exercise prices for purposes of disclosing shares potentially issuable under outstanding stock option awards on all stock option plans and other required information pertaining to awards in the customized range.,
        label: Share-based Compensation
 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans
 Exercise Price Range
 Lower Range Limit,
        verboseLabel: Share-based compensation
 shares authorized under stock option plans
 exercise price range
 lower range limit
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeLowerRangeLimit,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeUpperRangeLimit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r220
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The ceiling of a customized range of exercise prices for purposes of disclosing shares potentially issuable under outstanding stock option awards on all stock option plans and other required information pertaining to awards in the customized range.,
        label: Share-based Compensation
 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans
 Exercise Price Range
 Upper Range Limit,
        verboseLabel: Share-based compensation
 shares authorized under stock option plans
 exercise price range
 upper range limit
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeUpperRangeLimit,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    },
    us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardExpirationPeriod: {
     auth_ref: [
      r196
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Period from grant date that an equity-based award expires
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.,
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Expiration Period,
        terseLabel: Award expiration period
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardExpirationPeriod,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    },
    us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedTerm1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r216,
      r225
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Expected term of award under share-based payment arrangement
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.,
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Fair Value Assumptions
 Expected Term,
        verboseLabel: Expected term (in years)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedTerm1,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureShareBasedCompensationScheduleOfAssumptionsUsedDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    },
    us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableIntrinsicValue1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r223
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of difference between fair value of the underlying shares reserved for issuance and exercise price of vested portions of options outstanding and currently exercisable.,
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Exercisable
 Intrinsic Value,
        terseLabel: Aggregate intrinsic value of options exercisable
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableIntrinsicValue1,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r223
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average remaining contractual term for vested portions of options outstanding and currently exercisable or convertible
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.,
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Exercisable
 Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Term,
        terseLabel: Weighted-average remaining contractual life of options exercisable
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm1,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    },
    us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2: {
     auth_ref: [
      r214
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average remaining contractual term for option awards outstanding
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.,
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Outstanding
 Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Term,
        terseLabel: Weighted-average remaining contractual life of options outstanding
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    },
    us-gaap_SharesIssued: {
     auth_ref: [
      r178
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of shares of stock issued as of the balance sheet date
 including shares that had been issued and were previously outstanding but which are now held in the treasury.,
        label: Shares
 Issued,
        periodEndLabel: Balance (in shares),
        periodStartLabel: Balance (in shares)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SharesIssued,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfChangesInStockholdersEquity
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    us-gaap_SharesPaidForTaxWithholdingForShareBasedCompensation: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of shares used to settle grantee's tax withholding obligation for award under share-based payment arrangement.,
        label: Shares Paid for Tax Withholding for Share Based Compensation,
        negatedLabel: Net shares repurchased for employee taxes
 (in shares),
        terseLabel: Shares withheld for employee taxes
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SharesPaidForTaxWithholdingForShareBasedCompensation,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetail,
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfChangesInStockholdersEquity
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShortTermInvestments: {
     auth_ref: [
      r15,
      r299,
      r300,
      r301,
      r309
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 4.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_AssetsCurrent,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of investments including trading securities
 available-for-sale securities
 held-to-maturity securities
 and short-term investments classified as other and current.,
        label: Short-term Investments
 Total,
        terseLabel: Investment securities
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShortTermInvestments,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_SignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r108
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for all significant accounting policies of the reporting entity.,
        label: Significant Accounting Policies [Text Block],
        verboseLabel: Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureSignificantAccountingPolicies
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_SoftwareAndSoftwareDevelopmentCostsMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Purchased software applications and internally developed software for sale
 licensing or long-term internal use.,
        label: Software And Software Development Costs [Member],
        terseLabel: Software [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SoftwareAndSoftwareDevelopmentCostsMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosurePropertyPlantAndEquipmentPropertyPlantAndEquipmentDetail,
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesSummaryOfEstimatedUsefulLivesOfAssetsDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r45,
      r178
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by component of equity.,
        label: Equity Components [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: StatementEquityComponentsAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetail,
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfChangesInStockholdersEquity
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_StatementLineItems: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.,
        label: Statement [Line Items]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: StatementLineItems,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureEarningsPerShareNarrativeDetail,
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosurePropertyPlantAndEquipmentNarrativeDetail,
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheets,
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfChangesInStockholdersEquity
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_StatementOfCashFlowsAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Statement Of Cash Flows [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: StatementOfCashFlowsAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_StatementOfFinancialPositionAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Statement Of Financial Position [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: StatementOfFinancialPositionAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_StatementOfIncomeAndComprehensiveIncomeAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Statement Of Other Comprehensive Income [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: StatementOfIncomeAndComprehensiveIncomeAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_StatementOfStockholdersEquityAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Statement Of Stockholders Equity [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: StatementOfStockholdersEquityAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_StatementOperatingActivitiesSegmentAxis: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by continuing and discontinuing operations.,
        label: Operating Activities [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: StatementOperatingActivitiesSegmentAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosurePropertyPlantAndEquipmentNarrativeDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_StatementTable: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Schedule reflecting a Statement of Income
 Statement of Cash Flows
 Statement of Financial Position
 Statement of Shareholders' Equity and Other Comprehensive Income
 or other statement as needed.,
        label: Statement [Table]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: StatementTable,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureEarningsPerShareNarrativeDetail,
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosurePropertyPlantAndEquipmentNarrativeDetail,
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheets,
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfChangesInStockholdersEquity
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesRestrictedStockAwardForfeited: {
     auth_ref: [
      r20,
      r21,
      r178,
      r179
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of shares related to Restricted Stock Award forfeited during the period.,
        label: Stock Issued During Period
 Shares
 Restricted Stock Award
 Forfeited,
        negatedLabel: Restricted shares forfeitures
       }
      }
     },
     localname: StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesRestrictedStockAwardForfeited,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfChangesInStockholdersEquity
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised: {
     auth_ref: [
      r20,
      r21,
      r178,
      r179,
      r204
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of share options (or share units) exercised during the current period.,
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Exercises in Period,
        negatedLabel: Shares
 Exercised,
        verboseLabel: Options exercised by executives and directors (in shares)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureShareBasedCompensationScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationStockOptionsActivityDetail,
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfChangesInStockholdersEquity
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueStockOptionsExercised: {
     auth_ref: [
      r45,
      r178,
      r179
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Value of stock issued as a result of the exercise of stock options.,
        label: Stock Issued During Period
 Value
 Stock Options Exercised,
        verboseLabel: Options exercised by executives and directors
       }
      }
     },
     localname: StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueStockOptionsExercised,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfChangesInStockholdersEquity
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_StockRepurchaseProgramRemainingNumberOfSharesAuthorizedToBeRepurchased: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The remaining number of shares authorized to be repurchased by an entity's Board of Directors under a stock repurchase plan.,
        label: Stock Repurchase Program
 Remaining Number of Shares Authorized to be Repurchased
       }
      }
     },
     localname: StockRepurchaseProgramRemainingNumberOfSharesAuthorizedToBeRepurchased,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureEquityNarrativeDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    us-gaap_StockRepurchasedDuringPeriodShares: {
     auth_ref: [
      r20,
      r21,
      r178,
      r179
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of shares that have been repurchased during the period and have not been retired and are not held in treasury. Some state laws may govern the circumstances under which an entity may acquire its own stock and prescribe the accounting treatment therefore. This element is used when state law does not recognize treasury stock.,
        label: Stock Repurchased During Period
 Shares,
        terseLabel: Stock repurchased
       }
      }
     },
     localname: StockRepurchasedDuringPeriodShares,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureEquityNarrativeDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    us-gaap_StockholdersEquity: {
     auth_ref: [
      r21,
      r25,
      r26,
      r148
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.,
        label: Stockholders Equity,
        periodEndLabel: Balance,
        periodStartLabel: Balance,
        totalLabel: Total stockholders' equity
       }
      }
     },
     localname: StockholdersEquity,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheets,
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfChangesInStockholdersEquity
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Stockholders Equity [Abstract],
        terseLabel: Stockholders' Equity:
       }
      }
     },
     localname: StockholdersEquityAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesImpactOfNewAccountingPrinciplesBalanceSheetsDetail,
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r182
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for shareholders' equity comprised of portions attributable to the parent entity and noncontrolling interest
 including other comprehensive income. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances of common stock
 preferred stock
 additional paid-in capital
 other capital and retained earnings
 accumulated balance for each classification of other comprehensive income and amount of comprehensive income.,
        label: Stockholders' Equity Note Disclosure [Text Block],
        terseLabel: Equity
       }
      }
     },
     localname: StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureEquity
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_SupplementalCashFlowInformationAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Supplemental Cash Flow Information [Abstract],
        terseLabel: Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information:
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SupplementalCashFlowInformationAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_TaxCreditCarryforwardLineItems: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.,
        label: Tax Credit Carryforward [Line Items]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: TaxCreditCarryforwardLineItems,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesNarrativeDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_TaxCreditCarryforwardTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r245
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: A listing of tax credit carryforwards available to reduce future taxable income including descriptions
 amounts
 expiration dates
 limitations on use and the related deferred tax assets and valuation allowances.,
        label: Tax Credit Carryforward [Table]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: TaxCreditCarryforwardTable,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesNarrativeDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_TaxCutsAndJobsActOf2017ChangeInTaxRateIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r250
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of income tax expense (benefit) for remeasurement of deferred tax from change in tax rate pursuant to Tax Cuts and Jobs Act.,
        label: Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017
 Change in Tax Rate
 Income Tax Expense (Benefit),
        terseLabel: Reduction in net deferred tax liability
       }
      }
     },
     localname: TaxCutsAndJobsActOf2017ChangeInTaxRateIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesNarrativeDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_TreasuryStockCommonShares: {
     auth_ref: [
      r46,
      r180
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of previously issued common shares repurchased by the issuing entity and held in treasury.,
        label: Treasury stock
 common
 shares
       }
      }
     },
     localname: TreasuryStockCommonShares,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheetsParenthetical
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    us-gaap_TreasuryStockCommonValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r46,
      r180,
      r181
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 5.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_StockholdersEquity,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount allocated to previously issued common shares repurchased by the issuing entity and held in treasury.,
        label: Treasury Stock
 Common
 Value,
        negatedLabel: Less: Treasury stock at cost
 489 and 193 shares at December 31
 2019 and December 31
 2018
 respectively
       }
      }
     },
     localname: TreasuryStockCommonValue,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_TreasuryStockMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r44,
      r180
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Shares of an entity that have been repurchased by the entity. This stock has no voting rights and receives no dividends. Note that treasury stock may be recorded at its total cost or separately as par (or stated) value and additional paid in capital. Classified within stockholders' equity if nonredeemable or redeemable solely at the option of the issuer. Classified within temporary equity if redemption is outside the control of the issuer.,
        label: Treasury Stock [Member],
        terseLabel: Treasury Stock [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: TreasuryStockMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfChangesInStockholdersEquity
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_TreasuryStockSharesAcquired: {
     auth_ref: [
      r21,
      r178,
      r179
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of shares that have been repurchased during the period and are being held in treasury.,
        label: Treasury Stock
 Shares
 Acquired,
        terseLabel: Treasury stock from cashless options
 (in shares)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: TreasuryStockSharesAcquired,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfChangesInStockholdersEquity
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    us-gaap_TreasuryStockValueAcquiredCostMethod: {
     auth_ref: [
      r178,
      r179,
      r180
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Equity impact of the cost of common and preferred stock that were repurchased during the period. Recorded using the cost method.,
        label: Treasury Stock
 Value
 Acquired
 Cost Method,
        negatedLabel: Treasury stock from stock repurchases
       }
      }
     },
     localname: TreasuryStockValueAcquiredCostMethod,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfChangesInStockholdersEquity
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_TreasuryStockValueAcquiredParValueMethod: {
     auth_ref: [
      r178,
      r179,
      r180
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Equity impact of the cost of common and preferred stock that were repurchased during the period. Recorded using the par value method.,
        label: Treasury Stock
 Value
 Acquired
 Par Value Method,
        negatedLabel: Treasury stock from cashless options
       }
      }
     },
     localname: TreasuryStockValueAcquiredParValueMethod,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfChangesInStockholdersEquity
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_TypeOfArrangementAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r257
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by collaborative arrangement and arrangement other than collaborative applicable to revenue-generating activity or operations.,
        label: Collaborative Arrangement and Arrangement Other than Collaborative [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: TypeOfArrangementAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureLeasesAndCommitmentsNarrativeDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_USTreasuryAndGovernmentShorttermDebtSecuritiesMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Debt securities issued by the United States Department of the Treasury
 US Government Agencies and US Government-sponsored Enterprises (GSEs). Includes
 but not limited to
 treasury bills
 debt securities issued by the Government National Mortgage Association (Ginnie Mae)
 and debt securities issued by the Federal National Mortgage Association (Fannie Mae) or the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation (Freddie Mac) which securities have maturities of one year or less.,
        label: U S Treasury And Government Shortterm Debt Securities [Member],
        terseLabel: US Treasury and Government Short-term Debt Securities [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: USTreasuryAndGovernmentShorttermDebtSecuritiesMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureFinancialInstrumentsNarrativeDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_UnconditionalPurchaseObligationCategoryOfGoodsOrServicesAcquiredDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r173
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: General description of the goods or services to be purchased from the counterparty to the unconditional purchase arrangement.,
        label: Unconditional Purchase Obligation Category Of Goods Or Services Acquired [Domain],
        terseLabel: Unconditional Purchase Obligation
 Category of Goods or Services Acquired [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: UnconditionalPurchaseObligationCategoryOfGoodsOrServicesAcquiredDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureLeasesAndCommitmentsNarrativeDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_UseOfEstimates: {
     auth_ref: [
      r128,
      r129,
      r131,
      r132,
      r133,
      r134,
      r135
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for the use of estimates in the preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles.,
        label: Use of Estimates
 Policy [Policy Text Block],
        verboseLabel: Use of Estimates
       }
      }
     },
     localname: UseOfEstimates,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_VehiclesMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Equipment used primarily for road transportation.,
        label: Vehicles [Member],
        terseLabel: Vehicles [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: VehiclesMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosurePropertyPlantAndEquipmentPropertyPlantAndEquipmentDetail,
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesSummaryOfEstimatedUsefulLivesOfAssetsDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberDilutedSharesOutstandingAdjustment: {
     auth_ref: [
      r119
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureEarningsPerShareEarningsPerShareDetail: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The sum of dilutive potential common shares or units used in the calculation of the diluted per-share or per-unit computation.,
        label: Weighted Average Number Diluted Shares Outstanding Adjustment,
        terseLabel: Effect of dilutive common stock equivalents
       }
      }
     },
     localname: WeightedAverageNumberDilutedSharesOutstandingAdjustment,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureEarningsPerShareEarningsPerShareDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding: {
     auth_ref: [
      r115,
      r119
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureEarningsPerShareEarningsPerShareDetail: {
       order: null,
       parentTag: null,
       root: true,
       weight: null
      }
     },
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The average number of shares or units issued and outstanding that are used in calculating diluted EPS or earnings per unit (EPU)
 determined based on the timing of issuance of shares or units in the period.,
        label: Weighted Average Number Of Shares Outstanding
 Diluted,
        terseLabel: Diluted,
        totalLabel: Weighted average shares of common stock outstanding
       }
      }
     },
     localname: WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureEarningsPerShareEarningsPerShareDetail,
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesImpactOfNewAccountingPrinciplesIncomeDetail,
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfIncome
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Weighted Average Number Of Shares Outstanding
 Diluted [Abstract],
        verboseLabel: Weighted average shares outstanding -
       }
      }
     },
     localname: WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesImpactOfNewAccountingPrinciplesIncomeDetail,
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfIncome
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic: {
     auth_ref: [
      r114,
      r119
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureEarningsPerShareEarningsPerShareDetail: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of [basic] shares or units
 after adjustment for contingently issuable shares or units and other shares or units not deemed outstanding
 determined by relating the portion of time within a reporting period that common shares or units have been outstanding to the total time in that period.,
        label: Weighted Average Number Of Shares Outstanding
 Basic,
        terseLabel: Basic,
        verboseLabel: Weighted average shares of common stock outstanding
       }
      }
     },
     localname: WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureEarningsPerShareEarningsPerShareDetail,
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/DisclosureSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesImpactOfNewAccountingPrinciplesIncomeDetail,
      http://www.medifast1.com/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfIncome
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
   },
   unitCount: 4
  }
 },
 std_ref: {
  r0: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 205,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6359566&loc=d3e326-107755
  },
  r1: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Topic: 205,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2122149
  },
  r10: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 8,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118951113&loc=d3e6935-107765
  },
  r100: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (e),
   Topic: 235,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84158767&loc=d3e18823-107790
  },
  r101: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (f),
   Topic: 235,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84158767&loc=d3e18823-107790
  },
  r102: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.4-08(h)(1)),
   Topic: 235,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690
  },
  r103: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.4-08(h)(2)),
   Topic: 235,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690
  },
  r104: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.4-08(h)),
   Topic: 235,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690
  },
  r105: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.4-08.(h)(1)(i)),
   Topic: 235,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690
  },
  r106: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.4-08.(h)(2)),
   Topic: 235,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690
  },
  r107: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.12-09),
   Topic: 235,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e24092-122690
  },
  r108: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Topic: 235,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2122369
  },
  r109: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 11,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 250,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109234566&loc=d3e22694-107794
  },
  r11: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6361739&loc=d3e7789-107766
  },
  r110: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 7,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 250,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109234566&loc=d3e22644-107794
  },
  r111: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 8,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 250,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109234566&loc=d3e22658-107794
  },
  r112: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 9,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 250,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109234566&loc=d3e22663-107794
  },
  r113: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Topic: 250,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2122394
  },
  r114: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 10,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 260,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117326831&loc=d3e1448-109256
  },
  r115: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 16,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 260,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117326831&loc=d3e1505-109256
  },
  r116: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 260,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117326831&loc=d3e1252-109256
  },
  r117: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 60B,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (d),
   Topic: 260,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117326831&loc=SL5780133-109256
  },
  r118: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 7,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 260,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117326831&loc=d3e1337-109256
  },
  r119: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 260,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6371337&loc=d3e3550-109257
  },
  r12: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(1)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r120: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c),
   Topic: 260,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6371337&loc=d3e3550-109257
  },
  r121: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 260,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6371337&loc=d3e3550-109257
  },
  r122: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 260,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6371337&loc=d3e3630-109257
  },
  r123: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 52,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 55,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 260,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117327953&loc=d3e4984-109258
  },
  r124: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Topic: 260,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2144383
  },
  r125: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 6,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 270,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116846552&loc=d3e543-108305
  },
  r126: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 270,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118952077&loc=d3e1280-108306
  },
  r127: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Topic: 270,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2126967
  },
  r128: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 275,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e5967-108592
  },
  r129: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c),
   Topic: 275,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e5967-108592
  },
  r13: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(13)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r130: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (d),
   Topic: 275,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e5967-108592
  },
  r131: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 11,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 275,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e6161-108592
  },
  r132: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 12,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 275,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e6191-108592
  },
  r133: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 275,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e6061-108592
  },
  r134: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 8,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 275,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e6132-108592
  },
  r135: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 9,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 275,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e6143-108592
  },
  r136: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Topic: 275,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2134479
  },
  r137: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 22,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 280,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115929826&loc=d3e8736-108599
  },
  r138: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 22,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 280,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115929826&loc=d3e8736-108599
  },
  r139: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 22,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (e),
   Topic: 280,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115929826&loc=d3e8736-108599
  },
  r14: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(14)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r140: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 22,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (h),
   Topic: 280,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115929826&loc=d3e8736-108599
  },
  r141: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 22,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 280,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115929826&loc=d3e8736-108599
  },
  r142: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 32,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 280,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115929826&loc=d3e8933-108599
  },
  r143: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 41,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 280,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115929826&loc=d3e9038-108599
  },
  r144: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 13,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 310,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118952595&loc=d3e4647-111522
  },
  r145: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 310,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118952595&loc=d3e4428-111522
  },
  r146: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 9,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 310,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118952595&loc=d3e4531-111522
  },
  r147: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 310,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118936363&loc=d3e5074-111524
  },
  r148: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SAB Topic 4.E),
   Topic: 310,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=27010918&loc=d3e74512-122707
  },
  r149: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 320,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118954083&loc=d3e26626-111562
  },
  r15: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(2)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r150: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 9,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (d),
   Topic: 320,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118939692&loc=d3e27357-111563
  },
  r151: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a)(2),
   Topic: 323,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=114001798&loc=d3e33918-111571
  },
  r152: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 326,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118955202&loc=SL82895884-210446
  },
  r153: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 13,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 326,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=119407570&loc=SL82919249-210447
  },
  r154: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 13,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 326,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=119407570&loc=SL82919249-210447
  },
  r155: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 13,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (f),
   Topic: 326,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=119407570&loc=SL82919249-210447
  },
  r156: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 30,
   Topic: 326,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118942338&loc=SL82898722-210454
  },
  r157: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 8,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 30,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 330,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=68048583&loc=d3e3636-108311
  },
  r158: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 35,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 330,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116846819&loc=d3e3927-108312
  },
  r159: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 330,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116847112&loc=d3e4492-108314
  },
  r16: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(20)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r160: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 330,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116847112&loc=d3e4556-108314
  },
  r161: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SAB TOPIC 5.BB),
   Topic: 330,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=27011343&loc=d3e100047-122729
  },
  r162: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Topic: 330,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2126998
  },
  r163: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 05,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 340,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=68074540&loc=d3e5865-108316
  },
  r164: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 5,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 05,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 340,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=68074540&loc=d3e5879-108316
  },
  r165: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 05,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 360,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109226317&loc=d3e202-110218
  },
  r166: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 360,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6391035&loc=d3e2868-110229
  },
  r167: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 360,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6391035&loc=d3e2868-110229
  },
  r168: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c),
   Topic: 360,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6391035&loc=d3e2868-110229
  },
  r169: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 360,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6391035&loc=d3e2868-110229
  },
  r17: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(24)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r170: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SAB Topic 5.CC),
   Topic: 360,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=27011434&loc=d3e125687-122742
  },
  r171: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Topic: 360,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2155823
  },
  r172: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 440,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77896938&loc=d3e25287-109308
  },
  r173: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 6,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 440,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77896938&loc=d3e25383-109308
  },
  r174: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Topic: 440,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2144648
  },
  r175: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Topic: 450,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2127136
  },
  r176: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 460,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118943654&loc=d3e12069-110248
  },
  r177: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 63,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 55,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 480,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117411753&loc=d3e23176-110880
  },
  r178: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 505,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109259400&loc=d3e21463-112644
  },
  r179: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.3-04),
   Topic: 505,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=27012166&loc=d3e187085-122770
  },
  r18: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(26)(a)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r180: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 30,
   Topic: 505,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6405813&loc=d3e23239-112655
  },
  r181: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 30,
   Topic: 505,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6405834&loc=d3e23315-112656
  },
  r182: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Topic: 505,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2208762
  },
  r183: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 606,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118944033&loc=SL49130531-203044
  },
  r184: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 606,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118944033&loc=SL49130532-203044
  },
  r185: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 5,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 606,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118956577&loc=SL49130545-203045
  },
  r186: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 8,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 606,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118956577&loc=SL49130549-203045
  },
  r187: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 91,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 55,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 606,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118944142&loc=SL49130690-203046-203046
  },
  r188: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 91,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 55,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 606,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118944142&loc=SL49130690-203046-203046
  },
  r189: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 65,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (i)(1),
   Topic: 606,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=113356391&loc=SL49131195-203048
  },
  r19: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(26)(b)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r190: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (d)(ii),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r191: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (d)(iv)(01),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r192: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 17,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 55,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118257860&loc=d3e4179-114921
  },
  r193: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5047-113901
  },
  r194: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5047-113901
  },
  r195: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a)(1),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  },
  r196: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a)(2),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  },
  r197: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a)(3),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  },
  r198: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a)
(g),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  },
  r199: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b)
(f),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  },
  r2: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118951113&loc=d3e6676-107765
  },
  r20: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(28)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r200: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c)(1),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  },
  r201: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c)(1)(i),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  },
  r202: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c)(1)(i)-(ii),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  },
  r203: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c)(1)(iii),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  },
  r204: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c)(1)(iv)(2),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  },
  r205: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c)(1)(iv)(3),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  },
  r206: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c)(2),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  },
  r207: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c)(2)(i)-(ii),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  },
  r208: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c)(2)(iii)(1),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  },
  r209: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c)(2)(iii)(2),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  },
  r21: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(29)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r210: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c)(2)(iii)(3),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  },
  r211: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (d),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  },
  r212: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (d)(2),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  },
  r213: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (e),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  },
  r214: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (e)(1),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  },
  r215: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (f)(2),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  },
  r216: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (f)(2)(i),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  },
  r217: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (f)(2)(ii),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  },
  r218: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (f)(2)(iii),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  },
  r219: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (f)(2)(iv),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  },
  r22: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(3)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r220: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (g),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  },
  r221: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (h)(1)(i),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  },
  r222: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (i),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  },
  r223: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  },
  r224: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2A,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=SL79508275-113901
  },
  r225: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SAB Topic 14.D.2),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115993241&loc=d3e301413-122809
  },
  r226: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2228938
  },
  r227: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 35,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 720,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6420018&loc=d3e36677-107848
  },
  r228: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 35,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 720,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6420018&loc=d3e36677-107848
  },
  r229: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 730,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6420194&loc=d3e21568-108373
  },
  r23: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(30)(a)(1)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r230: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 20,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 25,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117330534&loc=d3e28680-109314
  },
  r231: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 20,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 25,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (d),
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117330534&loc=d3e28680-109314
  },
  r232: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 20,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 25,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117330534&loc=d3e28680-109314
  },
  r233: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 15,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116821951&loc=d3e32059-109318
  },
  r234: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 25,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116821951&loc=d3e32247-109318
  },
  r235: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 28,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116821951&loc=d3e32280-109318
  },
  r236: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 12,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32687-109319
  },
  r237: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 13,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32698-109319
  },
  r238: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 17,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32809-109319
  },
  r239: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 19,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32840-109319
  },
  r24: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(30)(a)(3)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r240: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32537-109319
  },
  r241: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32537-109319
  },
  r242: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32537-109319
  },
  r243: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 20,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32847-109319
  },
  r244: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32559-109319
  },
  r245: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32559-109319
  },
  r246: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 6,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32621-109319
  },
  r247: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 8,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32632-109319
  },
  r248: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 9,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32639-109319
  },
  r249: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 9,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32639-109319
  },
  r25: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(30)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r250: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 9,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32639-109319
  },
  r251: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SAB TOPIC 6.I),
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116825942&loc=d3e330036-122817
  },
  r252: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SAB Topic 6.I.7),
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116825942&loc=d3e330036-122817
  },
  r253: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109238882&loc=d3e38679-109324
  },
  r254: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109238882&loc=d3e38679-109324
  },
  r255: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 05,
   SubTopic: 30,
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=65884525&loc=d3e40913-109327
  },
  r256: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2144680
  },
  r257: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 808,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6931272&loc=SL5834143-161434
  },
  r258: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1A,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c)
(3),
   Topic: 810,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109239629&loc=SL4573702-111684
  },
  r259: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Topic: 810,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2197479
  },
  r26: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(31)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r260: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 40,
   Topic: 815,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6445032&loc=d3e90193-114008
  },
  r261: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 40,
   Topic: 815,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6445032&loc=d3e90198-114008
  },
  r262: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 5,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 40,
   Topic: 815,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6445032&loc=d3e90205-114008
  },
  r263: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 7,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 55,
   SubTopic: 40,
   Topic: 815,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116862287&loc=d3e90476-114009
  },
  r264: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 820,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117815213&loc=d3e19207-110258
  },
  r265: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 60,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 820,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=7493716&loc=d3e21868-110260
  },
  r266: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 5A,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 825,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116690757&loc=SL116692626-108610
  },
  r267: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 825,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118260190&loc=d3e13279-108611
  },
  r268: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 230,
   Topic: 830,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=98513438&loc=d3e33268-110906
  },
  r269: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 12,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 30,
   Topic: 830,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118261656&loc=d3e32022-110900
  },
  r27: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(32)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r270: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 20,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 30,
   Subparagraph: (b
c),
   Topic: 830,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118261656&loc=d3e32211-110900
  },
  r271: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 30,
   Topic: 830,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6450520&loc=d3e32583-110901
  },
  r272: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 840,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84164451&loc=d3e36991-112694
  },
  r273: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 40,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 55,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (Note 1
3),
   Topic: 840,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=82846649&loc=d3e38371-112697
  },
  r274: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 40,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 55,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (Note 3),
   Topic: 840,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=82846649&loc=d3e38371-112697
  },
  r275: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 840,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77902758&loc=d3e41499-112717
  },
  r276: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 840,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77902758&loc=d3e41502-112717
  },
  r277: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 840,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77902758&loc=d3e41502-112717
  },
  r278: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 842,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77888419&loc=SL77918627-209977
  },
  r279: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 842,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77888419&loc=SL77918627-209977
  },
  r28: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(6)(a)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r280: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 5,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (c),
   Topic: 842,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77888419&loc=SL77918643-209977
  },
  r281: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 842,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77888426&loc=SL77918666-209980
  },
  r282: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (a)(3),
   Topic: 842,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77888426&loc=SL77918673-209980
  },
  r283: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 842,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77888426&loc=SL77918673-209980
  },
  r284: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 842,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77888426&loc=SL77918686-209980
  },
  r285: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (g)(1),
   Topic: 842,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77888426&loc=SL77918686-209980
  },
  r286: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (g)(2),
   Topic: 842,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77888426&loc=SL77918686-209980
  },
  r287: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (g)(3),
   Topic: 842,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77888426&loc=SL77918686-209980
  },
  r288: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (g)(4),
   Topic: 842,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77888426&loc=SL77918686-209980
  },
  r289: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 6,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 842,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77888426&loc=SL77918701-209980
  },
  r29: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(6)(b)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r290: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 53,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 55,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 842,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77888399&loc=SL77918982-209971
  },
  r291: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 850,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6457730&loc=d3e39599-107864
  },
  r292: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (bb),
   Topic: 860,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118948506&loc=d3e107207-111719
  },
  r293: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (bb)(1),
   Topic: 860,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118948506&loc=d3e107207-111719
  },
  r294: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (bb)(2),
   Topic: 860,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118948506&loc=d3e107207-111719
  },
  r295: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 210,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-03(11)),
   Topic: 942,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6876686&loc=d3e534808-122878
  },
  r296: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 210,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-03(15)(2)),
   Topic: 942,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6876686&loc=d3e534808-122878
  },
  r297: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 210,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-03(15)(5)),
   Topic: 942,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6876686&loc=d3e534808-122878
  },
  r298: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 210,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-03(23)),
   Topic: 942,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6876686&loc=d3e534808-122878
  },
  r299: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 210,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-03(4)),
   Topic: 942,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6876686&loc=d3e534808-122878
  },
  r3: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118951113&loc=d3e6676-107765
  },
  r30: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(6)(c)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r300: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 210,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-03(5)),
   Topic: 942,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6876686&loc=d3e534808-122878
  },
  r301: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 210,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-03(6)),
   Topic: 942,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6876686&loc=d3e534808-122878
  },
  r302: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 210,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-03.4),
   Topic: 942,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6876686&loc=d3e534808-122878
  },
  r303: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 220,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-04(22)),
   Topic: 942,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116637391&loc=SL114874048-224260
  },
  r304: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 220,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-04(23)),
   Topic: 942,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116637391&loc=SL114874048-224260
  },
  r305: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 405,
   Topic: 942,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6957935&loc=d3e64057-112817
  },
  r306: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 405,
   Topic: 942,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116652737&loc=d3e64164-112818
  },
  r307: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 825,
   Topic: 942,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=108315417&loc=d3e61044-112788
  },
  r308: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 210,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03(15)(b)(2)),
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=119400593&loc=d3e572229-122910
  },
  r309: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 210,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03(a)(1)(g)),
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=119400593&loc=d3e572229-122910
  },
  r31: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(7)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r310: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 210,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03(a)(12)),
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=119400593&loc=d3e572229-122910
  },
  r311: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 210,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03(a)(15)(a)),
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=119400593&loc=d3e572229-122910
  },
  r312: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 210,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03(a)(23)(a)(4)),
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=119400593&loc=d3e572229-122910
  },
  r313: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 210,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03(a)(25)),
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=119400593&loc=d3e572229-122910
  },
  r314: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 210,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03(a)(8)),
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=119400593&loc=d3e572229-122910
  },
  r315: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 220,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-04(18)),
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116637232&loc=SL114874131-224263
  },
  r316: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 220,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-04(19)),
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116637232&loc=SL114874131-224263
  },
  r317: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 13H,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 55,
   SubTopic: 40,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117419784&loc=SL117783719-158441
  },
  r318: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 6,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 210,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 946,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99383244&loc=d3e12121-115841
  },
  r319: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 320,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.12-12(2)(i)),
   Topic: 946,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=50485924&loc=d3e611133-123010
  },
  r32: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(8)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r320: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 320,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.12-12.Column C.3
4),
   Topic: 946,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=50485924&loc=d3e611133-123010
  },
  r321: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 320,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.12-12C(1)(a)),
   Topic: 946,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=50485924&loc=d3e611225-123010
  },
  r322: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 320,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.12-12C.Column C.7),
   Topic: 946,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=50485924&loc=d3e611225-123010
  },
  r323: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 5,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 320,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.12-13(1)),
   Topic: 946,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=50485924&loc=d3e611282-123010
  },
  r324: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 5,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 320,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.12-13.Column C.6),
   Topic: 946,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=50485924&loc=d3e611282-123010
  },
  r325: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 6,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 320,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.12-14.Column E.2
3),
   Topic: 946,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=50485924&loc=d3e611322-123010
  },
  r326: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 7,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 320,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.12-15(Column A)),
   Topic: 946,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=50485924&loc=d3e611379-123010
  },
  r327: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 310,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.12-29(Footnote 4)),
   Topic: 948,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6589523&loc=d3e617274-123014
  },
  r328: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 740,
   Topic: 954,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6491622&loc=d3e9504-115650
  },
  r329: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 360,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.12-28(Footnote 2)),
   Topic: 970,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6590653&loc=d3e638233-123024
  },
  r33: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.1),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r330: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 985,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6501960&loc=d3e128462-111756
  },
  r331: {
   Name: Exchange Act,
   Number: 240,
   Publisher: SEC,
   Section: 12,
   Subsection: b
  },
  r332: {
   Name: Exchange Act,
   Number: 240,
   Publisher: SEC,
   Section: 12,
   Subsection: d1-1
  },
  r333: {
   Name: Forms 10-K
 10-Q
 20-F,
   Number: 240,
   Publisher: SEC,
   Section: 13,
   Subsection: a-1-
  },
  r334: {
   Name: Forms 10-K
 20-F
 40-F,
   Number: 240,
   Publisher: SEC,
   Section: 15,
   Subsection: d-1
  },
  r335: {
   Name: Regulation 12B,
   Number: 240,
   Publisher: SEC,
   Section: 12,
   Subsection: b-2
  },
  r336: {
   Name: Regulation S-T,
   Number: 232,
   Publisher: SEC,
   Section: 405
  },
  r34: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.13(a)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r35: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.13),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r36: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.14),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r37: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.17),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r38: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.19(a)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r39: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.19(a)
20
24),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r4: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118951113&loc=d3e6676-107765
  },
  r40: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.19
20),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r41: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.19-26),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r42: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.20),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r43: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.21),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r44: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.29
30),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r45: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.29-31),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r46: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.30),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r47: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.6(a)(1)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r48: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.6(a)(4)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r49: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.6(a)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r5: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (g)(4),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118951113&loc=d3e6676-107765
  },
  r50: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.6(b)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r51: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.8),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r52: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.9),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r53: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 10A,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118930883&loc=SL7669646-108580
  },
  r54: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 10A,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (e),
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118930883&loc=SL7669646-108580
  },
  r55: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 10A,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (f),
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118930883&loc=SL7669646-108580
  },
  r56: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 10A,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118930883&loc=SL7669646-108580
  },
  r57: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 11,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118930883&loc=d3e637-108580
  },
  r58: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 14,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118930883&loc=d3e681-108580
  },
  r59: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 14A,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118930883&loc=SL7669686-108580
  },
  r6: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118951113&loc=d3e6676-107765
  },
  r60: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 15,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118930883&loc=d3e689-108580
  },
  r61: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 17A,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118930883&loc=SL34724391-108580
  },
  r62: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 17B,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118930883&loc=SL34724394-108580
  },
  r63: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1A,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118930883&loc=SL7669619-108580
  },
  r64: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1A,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118930883&loc=SL7669619-108580
  },
  r65: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1A,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c),
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118930883&loc=SL7669619-108580
  },
  r66: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1B,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118930883&loc=SL7669625-108580
  },
  r67: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1B,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118930883&loc=SL7669625-108580
  },
  r68: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 5,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118930883&loc=d3e557-108580
  },
  r69: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116657188&loc=SL116659661-227067
  },
  r7: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118951113&loc=d3e6787-107765
  },
  r70: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 15,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 55,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118951672&loc=d3e1436-108581
  },
  r71: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03(1)),
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116634182&loc=SL114868664-224227
  },
  r72: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03(20)),
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116634182&loc=SL114868664-224227
  },
  r73: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03(21)),
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116634182&loc=SL114868664-224227
  },
  r74: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03(5)),
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116634182&loc=SL114868664-224227
  },
  r75: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03(7)(c)),
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116634182&loc=SL114868664-224227
  },
  r76: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03.1

 'defref_us-gaap_EquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfAdditionalSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_StockRepurchaseProgramAdditionalSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockRepurchasedDuringPeriodShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockRepurchaseProgramRemainingNumberOfSharesAuthorizedToBeRepurchased'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeitedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValueRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeituresWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentScheduleOfEstimatedUsefulLivesOfAssetsTableTextBlock'
<div style=position:absolute;top:50%;transform:translate(0
<div style=position:absolute;top:50%;transform:translate(0
<div style=position:absolute;top:50%;transform:translate(0
<div style=position:absolute;top:50%;transform:translate(0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvertisingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeaseRightOfUseAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedRentCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeaseLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpenseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestIncomeExpenseNonoperatingNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDilutedAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockDividendsPerShareDeclared'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnSaleOfPropertyPlantEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAmortizationOfDeferredCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProvisionForDoubtfulAccounts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingCapitalAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInInventories'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInPrepaidTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInPrepaidDeferredExpenseAndOtherAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherOperatingAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfShortTermInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForRepurchaseOfOtherEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfDividends'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForRepurchaseOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectOfExchangeRateOnCashAndCashEquivalents'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecreaseIncludingExchangeRateEffect'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalents'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalents'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SupplementalCashFlowInformationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxesPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryRawMaterials'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetailRelatedInventoryPackagingAndOtherSupplies'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_InventoryNonFoodFinishedGoods'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryFinishedGoods'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryValuationReserves'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeLeaseDescriptionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseExistenceOfOptionToExtend'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeaseCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeLeaseDescriptionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseTermOfContract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeLeaseDescriptionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseTermOfContract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeLeaseDescriptionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseTermOfContract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeLeaseDescriptionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseTermOfContract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationByCategoryOfItemPurchasedAxis=us-gaap_InventoriesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeLeaseDescriptionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentFederalStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefitAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentFederalTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredFederalStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefitAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredFederalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredStateAndLocalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredForeignIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'

O+G)E;'.MDD^+
MPD 
Q;]*F?L:5\'#8CUYZ6U9_ )Q)OU#.Y



*P).B0\5?UX^8 TBTH_0(:+L A#&^NQT:E8(C


P$$:O4K2W1[8A^%HT]!5X4&6KH3TB01M7Z0IMBY?64W

M2$Y1N:8C1*4_U!&AY7P##DD910IF8!57(I.]T4(G5!32!6_TBH^?:5A@1@
.
MZ-!3AJ9N@
EY8CQ/0P\WP PC3Y_%]LQ*7Z)W;I +LDIVS7U#B.]=@MN;)#

1Y?#F?7;]

M$P   'AL+W1H96UE+W1H96UE
2YX;6SM6EMSVC@4?N^OT'AG]FT+QC:!MK03
X%<R)!%!,!FGK_# J5
7K5::0##.'W)$Q+#
MW(*+$MX%,O67.!;&B\CUNJTV]U6A&ELH1A'9&!]7BQH0-!445IO7RTY1\S

YV?/;$[9^
RMIT-&T:









M2^JVE+ZU)CA*]+'







N2D5SJT^.7]%+(.&3E[2
M)1(4BK 


W)#V%0E\Z[:)@N%


+$CN'MB[\!
M4$L#!!0    ( *8E 1Y=P-:@
  




WV=UW
M=GH:VWI9QO/HTI;I$:L;@H\0;$!$MO8@P)' BA

75K!=1YA/-8S''-&4\Q=\Q'&YS[.

MN1;$?8#QN

MYS37TEG)ZQZ3=)BJ?ZF8I E+/*]O'.\ G*9;DO5


=@--T)V0] PS'








NYO:;M%6FO
M!GLUMX]!F$;$#$@U((;+V$!G
:899PPZC#')N)[%Y4FT)D5K+-H T2.B9\MP






MQ98;6SW)); +9S2F%BHA((NW@(7;PO[HR#*LO\6A6%Q!CJ.#1F%W)


-31[ A6NN8\'&_;X%#?JJX_RLQ&








&





[EB_U\*V]_NKF@K(XFJO_W;VZVLM')S['OJW[Z7^T?^F'




MDG(OAGBY2;)%%DAU3JP((@4@.\E$)QEW0I)L





MVJ;3[6!6TF(




I=R 5%E*^R)3DQ1)H*0N+




#/1CH=X/T0X-T
M



(
MZ^?FHWY&


.8 YZI)993P!*-9O5'( H\9BO@WP=X)LQOD[V8H@EQ4*M.*#
LC42Z8I]K<@\CR1) 8
MX]BZS27&)1J350F6F 30%?J1R
@:SP*W *@CLAF;@AS!+
581X11 =:\Q R@






 

M8\.[ C 0A;F6 @B\+0 

N1-QG3FT^'




_BL
W]G$LO/B#F7FMKO=T@+3V9N[

MNMY=!4'UO#*;K/I2[

MV6





..2S?=C]\R^IL

MIRYIZBE:7-

IY&A
W.N*=)+R3A#J)\+9.B)
(T]7B/
:)).4C
M29ET
0FEM

V7O31_PV4INI/49;HT?KZSOD+91(CG[<L+HT(4UP0_[V@?$[C?V!0-/X9

5@-F#X9]S9S
MH'PU JTU;G#Z<6Y,'F(#2FRDW0+*6

MZ

7D8$!@&U(1S] 4G:TJ :1J2HS73K9/7%S




M:

F\




$%     @ (H)B4GN83BU 0  T@,  !@   !X;]W


M

M4MR^'D&:(:=;^N9X$DWK@X

:
MXF/ 3P&#6YQ)J.1LS'

!QN\ =2!F(4

M_QIKQUK.W

$=II(LK
M*7OGC9I84(KB+^

K8AW*-ZA]U)L/U]G[!*(IICC&)
L8^8(ANQSBF0MQ3'Y $_6

M)+[)W_!QVA^Y;81VY&P\OFSL?VV


M:&5E='



M
X#&F]98Q3V:MF-NL

MP^=I_\IM)[0C%^/Q96/_6V

9L-;X;E!['U


GXNG'1-&8#;\RO[AUB[K^4B

MI6CQ
















.JGK'U7
MT%M*:FC$J/RCF3[#4L\[2I;BO\(5%(8')9BC

M+L;CR\;^-\9X0G)#8Y0AQ]L-10T/AP_X-G.8S8;W@S+#V+K-R[_ %!+ P04
M      B@F)0P #XNK


M



M=4$/01 HJ%Q@$'Z[PA
H%8B\C!\+)UU3!N#V?&-_'VOWM5R$A2=4WV7MNH(^




O&

$%     @





.2C-L^V W#H50IE]PYUQ\(L54'DMDKW8/R-XTVDCEOFI;8W@K




M6LS^4Q*RZ*D$T\9ILJC2@XJ3O/#. WM+XYN\AT_3_H.9EBN+SMKYEXW];[1V



M)-=
&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S:&5E=#$V+GAM;'U3VV[4,!#]
M%<L?4.]Z4UJMDDC=(@022*LBZ+,WF216?0FVLRE_S]A)0X(%]LSGG/FS'B<

MA4=0*A*AC!\S)UU21N#Z_

M;BF9B_\













M)%*OT[1*FW3JM/4SES@)*H04R*7[]S
D3=


)220V=DZ8C

-MHG3Y$AIABY.
$(M?C!%D-![</Q$Y[M

'[4!  #2 P  &0   'AL






.3S#5LZ=D*OXK7$#Y\*#$YRA0



;ZKR1LT5






M2]1CUAV&WF#(@(@


1LY=8RAZ=0C ]VZ
M(A10S%P= 


#JN5MV(
A3=BBN!Q18/1^=!X$\]R?%
2QJ
M%6R%-AV8[9

M965T





3Q3M[AT[9_$[:1G2-G
64'*W 0  T@,  !D   !X;]W;W)K<VAE971S+W-H965T
C
N








MQ?:



M'7P']V.X&&^15:7A$I3E6B$#;8D?TM

M 34+B@PO]W@$80(0CZ-WXLF7D,&XO;\JOXIUNYKN3(+CUK\XHWK2WS$J(&6
MC
M%^06A!;


MQOZW6COPJ21W?H1Z_\%60T#KPC'W9S./V6PX/2P_B*S?N/H+4$L#!!0    (



VF





MC%V#T(PY31B^PJ0+@J'Z$H)OA3CQ_^A\F[[;S' 7Z;LU/4VV!?:; OLHL%\+
M')(/)6YA/A;)5CW58)LX38Z49NCB)*^\R\ ^\/@F_^#3M'\7MI&=(Q?C\65C

$%     @
M(H)B4![W@K:U 0  T@
$-7;;U<JVE$U5M5(KK5*U?6;M\44!Q@6\3O^^@!W'3?T



M+0@MF/.
X1M

TTA/M_0DVQ?(=@6R*)#]4V+Z
MIL0]S-L@;--3!::-TV1)A:..D[SQK@-[S^.;O
+G:?\F3-MK2Z[H_

M#GPJASL_0IW_8*LAH7'A^
&?S3QFL^%P6'X06[]Q^1=02P
$%     @ (H)B
_L!=CTOY8OACM^?
M.PQDH]*OI@6PZ$V*SN2XM;8_$F+*%B0S=ZJ'SJW42DMF7:@;8GH-K HD*0A-



G[/FGBQ]

4KV^;X@%$%-1N$?5;C
M%YC[V6

M%\(A^)#)*%3^B5E69%J-2$][WS/_BS='ZO:F]

M8TX3AJXPFP5!G/IB06




\SUW%(R%_\5KJ 0'C+!&*51


:K!-G9'2C-T<9)7
MWF5@[WA\D[_P:=J_=O(SI&+\?BRL?^U,1XPE=T-CE+'VPQ%-0^'#_BV4YC



!#^*Y9_0)TX:=I%@-1TJC:I


_V:-%CDTHA-31.FH98*%/ZL-X?


E14/I@WJ%MAS4;'&_:
M\06QZ1EG?P!02P


2JBQXC
Z7@\4[

M=+6;6FY4P9-@/]M2-UEP#% )%1V8?A;C)YCK20(T%_\%[L 
W&9B- K!E/NB
M8E!:\)G%I
9[T?BKO!?
M^/0X?*6R;CN%;D*;07#7M1)@TDE?#!=;<Q[M!@
*FVW![.7TU1.AA;]_.#@
MY=7+_P!02P





MQPS'^)9X;NO&N 3)TY[5\!W


W[

M+DS#D^2_VM(T&7[ J(2*#=P\R_$SS/WL





G&
MA*QNAP!5^[G0J)!#YV=RE5U&[Y'ZV_4//LWM-Z;JMM/H(HV]H_XF55(:L*5$
M=[;AQCX52\A,FY[;_=J&I@I,+*?WP*R/$CY7U!+ P04      B@F)0BT:?


BYX;6QM4]MNG# 0




O WM'X)G_AT[0_
=-R9=%9._^RL?^-U@Y\*KLK


MK]TSDSLPJ1RJAK2\HJW#R''M/L'5+E%X#?A5D9[/UHZJ9$_IF]I\.ZQ=3QDB
M-2F$4L#R=B$;4M=*2-KX

Y
MXG

VH(JTT^'VX5ZV^]Z/^
ME68GH)& )@*
/B7X(\'_( 2?$H*1$/PO(1P)X8( AMIU

L*#;\AH85A R_)@B&
M]_Q&5K^1X1=ZBP\ECPR_$5+UXRO


MQOV'S'#X_




T+GAM;)5686_:
!#]*U%^0!/;$* *D:#3M$F;A#JM
R#A0<
MU^&&/&YI[!P\XJ6$5M_L R=E+^6K.WP]K
Z,_BK\-YN\MM9+QBA+HXLCZC';#D-O,&1 1)9]
M$&Q$%MZYTYQ=X9FR+S[[%V&
YQ@AA+




MT2$.!&



M?FL0-@;AM0:J

7#7&G#VF3GV9:*_-[DD


MUH#8'@@L5#8$V7HD


8!N
&6E4SS*DZ: U#AJL
M
5--1&

YGQN,6$L%W2N#9UK@W
-_*P
\A
6
YX#
M;(TQR9F58))N






8
XI!




XV2N )W+;1@]C,FWF L1.,B,K1@#*PNHB]+F+#
M1QM^F?CYR
M'AI_\DP)9*69

V 34?0'?H;YM=N$





M;5DG-V&M5+]&2!YK:*E\XCUT^N3

+)
M ?_-2C 7$




MF%[]G8I+T\G@P)5N


M971S+W-H965T

!P

NADRSLDH

M

C9'IE*SIR_&N-KF7F^20@H%

MM9R)A .GO]M2-9GWQ4

M1Z)(G@H^(.'^;D_

MT=J[S6/MGZ*KT9HQ.P=)IQA@@F!
MM?H4(EP+L0_OZ.%M@



S0U9

*-
MFS


Y+GAM;)56[6Z;

M5:=UO]W$25 !




#.I7X0UZ^\

M:#&IP]0.$^5A'(]2F:+B*$H %Q.A8B)$3#02TV+BP6L(#2$9B9FB:)1A(N)
M43$Q(F:4\UT\%9.$-!^)F:(@3Z,4%Y.@8A)$3((3IA!NGRC9A!MFC9)-$
MXV2\3=['O!&2HT)R1
A
+2'$K1LN+P;
N!\6E*
#O?GP)


M!$ 00=D



<=J)%DUW?POZ2^3F'U!+ P04      B@F)0%9_KJ&P   [







)6S*X)2TQ#Y***+EH]*M0)0*0D\EI$

*ZR5+_7*!5*A('^ \Z)0XP
%%@(.#]E'D
MA?)Y3EB!*_9R:S+FZOU1]



2YX;6R-5.UNFS 4?17$ ]1@/O(A

*)T*&Y(-@+(Q9(813@(4L1(5?MY9G
G






:EF
KT3[)6NY$=
MVM9:;.)#JE[D\5&T$_)MJYW]4KR+5.-5)3K'2J9E_=]:'4HELS:*+B6+/YK/


?7V(?
8F/1PCP(%A$L;!?!8-X_=[
M0S@'?7[J
CC8-8H12\8F^

@^MD



6BCLUSJ
MQIJB% 

MIZ!/T(30)AA$/&@3E J@33#*-3:')A4


M970T

MDQI0NJN/R0)W^5\!Q+RCK)77@((YZTF#5^ZI1#M B&^+Z'&?$9;:.2=(V4U
M%G+*3HBW#/!!DVJ L]+4(VKQBURO;9E14[/@E0-;)G#SW6-V9\G(+1;NKY[

S2H'*H:&E[1QF%P7+J?_
4F4W@-^%E!QV_&



M?&J$;K:L.J2_8W:J&N[LJ)[7^_1(Z4I*8WDW*E_X,$P)'H8:I'+/^=.PG
M@K;FX$?#UZ?XU!+ P04      B@F)0#WQF^($   '&@  &0   'AL+W=O


M]7RZ;9K#=1#4ZZTILOJJ/)A]^\M36159TUY6ST%]J$RVZ8V*/)!A& 5%MMM/




M+*R7-I4B^SU\[O;]Y]'Z?S/#!M(:R).!U!\:D#6@DX%0'QHH:Z N-=#60+\;

S?EU4EEJ%D7&3IMNN4:KV,D6:*($)QO!9.0K#.;

JR;H.J$AY
MNPYS1Q 8;W*3)A8HUCQI8D
IF6J%5









9TD9NGIOL:M]^KX=7$<-&4
M!_O:)3B]^UG\#U!+ P04      B@F)0GG[$-PT  #^!0  &0   'AL+W=O


A! :L]27!HR@C@G5]6.8^=E9E+F^&=SV<5:!O



M]\RP

MFT(P#






G
M00N8VDZR_?O:AK!@#WT)]N3
G#.^C&=Y9_Q-7B5WGM=-6+E7Z1LG\)0'ZT



M#HE)OE-F4OU







M;(3WRJ1ZM



M?S_;N 2
F9*'^(-S[SG7'&POKXR_B1.E
GBOJT:LPI.4[4







Q1=TO373M^$'XL&Q&\





MO3
7]8EJFL92=)[L?U9+[9[P]X'YF+DMNF_GWIFTRE2O:1B%
;Y:H0%SZ#%D
M@B%?$=D2L0U&#8&1A=DU05Q_&#:@?Q#(%@5)Q .!%XV



$%     @ (H)B4!
3PZL* @  NP4  !D   !X


MT1C2$*_W;^I/MG9=RY%(V''ZJRY4M4$KY!50DC-5S[S[#$



MG *)(P-_UJA;3!C.[Q2^NL(
Q


$YCYMWHR]8/D

]UF36?S$%7W7^VIBZSMGNM=T%SJ'6V&2J512 8BX(RRRM_,1O*7NO%
MS!S;(J_T:^TUQ[+,ZO^6NCGN<_]CX*O^6[?]@7!8G;(=OHOW7X[O-;=6W!N
M99.7NFIR4WFUWL[]%_Z\4JJO


VK

M/\MN


1:^R]@%.
V#LLD#S%PF$%


86X)=


M


7T[OK3F
M





M[47]P=






FVE&./DNX(P3JVMG\#DGWN-
A.'NAD
@


$%     @ (H)B4&!\_J+( @   @H  !D

MUS9B






)R
7DGG.QA=A#43!]MD2&_+3XTR]\EH=6AD

MUSKIAVB1YU68^Z(1LF%=LK
M



RYX;6Q]56%OFS 0_2N('U 38T-;







-+P.;.W#..&;RZB_Y-7CA7P7M3MW(=7I3JGJ-('BZ\8?))=+S5



X
MO__(_M46KXO9
\E+4?^ICNJR#O
P./(3N];J1=R_\;&@- S&ZG_P&Z^UW)!H


B[
80
8 X@1$ YDM


04.MIK4:FCB:TM=D

4.

M5GZR_ERU
M@+I3^S]F-X$D)QG3%^TK5=]/EH&M3\I

MFDYAF_]02P


M;:



M5%EGNG0JM5NX']E]PGEKT!&_


CK^#$[=2\S6\/K\S?NG+GF3S%-:JY7.?V?;YK!P8]?9JEUZRIOO




=

\J9@\K$5N;%$'6%D503!4C:*HJ
M\*AB8%8%5AVC@4:[/_1D*4;0E&(\KAB85\*J8P19=8P@JXX!%$RT0(ZG&@=3

Z#





N-O_2](SO1





:N\UC^(X15=#-&-.$P:O,+L%@33[(H%=
M$B=\%QY%'Q$SAQ#2Q^RS%Q$^R=!'M+L']'<-@4.6$2B^DL)@QPY%:)GJ1




@

M@'/K9/+X
YCZ(]
&WO=O[I]=\::8'5.P$?QW?=#5RL]][P!'=N;Z55R_P%!0











4P+RX.])G)1D


MF.ERXC@0QU^%X@&P3DNB@*KAAV*C53N_O9 7'4V)BU39A]^Y4/B&GU9LB'

M[C+;!_DYL]&V





M_S007QJ(QD \:R ; _FL0=@8A
\:J
9 /6N@&P/]K(%I#


S6/




4DH@?58
M^Q@G5+8ZZD%LB8LM?;'APE(CLETI@G$)@@FF($W[13#B%,;B(T%E50H(#:
M$4

Z+ 7#%.
 &SA8UHK UIBZ5-*: +*L?(IR4
M ?;J8UP9#6.N?8PQI2G#
MM0YQK4-/:ZE!H''H5TH;#0HU\2E&I(92(Y12E1@AE2



M5X/K:A!=X?)LD%G!I[
)!L%*3S$(:C9#(: K&@W(BC$4/$
M4 C


M




M7@7Y.GB3+Y?P=?7'[[9_^N-W. 0/$R?!^V*]O:]@C$6VJ/]\DLV[02\.@R2*
M)_4?WV8WW2#NXX])5/_QS[MU-TC&_C?W+?YOTYMJ6Z;S[7\VOGG]N

MO[1
M=ZER^ JVQ3EMO[4MMPYHUWGVV46%+=!G!S=O YFV7Q7PD+KCQT7JQ4L



M-E\5+OK4!U' NBR+3_EZ[A[#R;XA+HMJVO^O_G&^DDAGON8#^- *3*^TH_



U;

G0
L:B:@YQEOXTCFB


0TD
M4#8+$%?9IVSM

)D!@ &MP^ N6P
!6(8!

MJ6H6B$Z=)\+@!M]U4%?[I#0/F_(!;]=?_27++^[QU'33P @H'L@0M-NH*.
M=VL-RW


M
WU++FX#1C+D'F5V#PB&/%&@2_
=XI?FUDL23Y=P55X3%N)U E3YWB&!@'3Y









M
 R













M*]LM9*L92HQ?-CTW!& G.GFZ[WO-$G#YB!?)&T#72PL!&VC=)D
]\C?31
MU7$;'0!5YYUCQBU$I(QQ/S74'W*QL)&X
A@IB@JD5*:ER]2N0#0L\SFBJX 8





K^%._.(SI]BN=M*]^0F*T!LIG_
MTE9 .$@'7F*HR7T*[]VF^3);6'N''] 4D 6K B@)0.O#.L=]DMFKMX6!9M)
M3\H=*&:&5Q?IJ'%2;T^FZBS2#:K)&2JTZ]TM( /HHD  X%^HAS\&RV(NS^+B

$[H-'LA32:ZL4/X!
Z5W;*;#
MU=YGZ7)[#S


MBWU4-R4*ZGY\$O/,M:9U^J *.98/04
'$4(6I5NQ6Y 10IXD?)JWZSVP;K

M9+N[$\.3A6=-$65T8+?9 L

M'\OK$HH%(AID%+Y&.#-+;S


M.LQS()-D8T.HPU@+&3)\A0(60%M%3'Y@V]=IM056@ !4-@WZQZEATXQYA3$
M)8VAQXC&V^ JKSX&;]%[_[/TWFLWPMD:@+!;:.(MD)63$0_TZRF[W^Q(ULR
MG&R.GB\

M(DEF*20*2#\L0ZCO@AFSPG7
JP();%ZNNH&RN5ZIW1) ;7?)B727J
=1]Q&N
M;/%O
?Y
KY^F!T%!.XTOT8C-M^'4\!KC@U'OA\;/-[M\N9#TY$;^D:^(L?%Q



]PN
WP3Q[.7


M

MG@'DNH7%!76S+? !X+AP\U$)@*T5!H6X%:2(Z6&&+N2&J ?4QO7RB$MF5:9@





U3X1N4

M7&*V]LQLXEE5R^#Q)/ H0 G('P#LD[Q*[^[*[$XH!PP
4ADHT:KS -B@OM=!
M'A71H'4JK%AT'T


MMA%1$GB]21D4U 5@OB9#/0YKF C0 CBG2=BSO%2LE]BXU('O\^S6. JY2EPZ

31J+89HRY7UF






MY/65:WS(;
8DQ;





)#.C8#*+:S_


-EL2YV0OQ QC)= 




OR).X.E?XYW OW_7-Q4
MF%*AL.[Z^

M


@A?1F16&9D
M$-K5#P$B(I!SNL9LFULN,T5/&&YJ+H VJ^85C)

-)/0

M=:OM002[2B



15;C7$5#0



M2')=$.'QJHH?;(JQPF-%V4Y;[5*BZ









A_


M#M._^50'&MFB7O6TTA;B7X8NAN46^]U$_VS6


M&*6&M\?Q2Y%F81Q;Z2.%EXNZ$(*I

9HIC4!( HPI


BK2/.KG$-B:8/[$]3Z+I)
?5.UT
MA%;\9


B)8-
MJ^!%\ZOX*#V$X2AD)




MP
/H#JO= AAUXD?#Y4#7+R?I4;9Y*6
-520YS'M'&50!:O.HC#4HSV9-1C
7
MX-#G6OCBN


GQX33$JV38'22(#*_B








%F/\/$NY9-N76L8<K;%YYO2L#3X1ET)U3]G+
M2&BE@=*?+85$:QQ6.F2OR:9<^WJB'U4Y$F4LWC\_T&4(9Y.[=K-.L%?]O;O
M+M@






MF3NO;V2*;DNS=MKS0!DU@8J*\ ?#7MB#ZV(4A!)GK.HU: )D!G!*D_''S.JK

?O W$URBN
=56_B



M\R:^J'_:%S9?:_1F32A^^\/[#^^HQ^3%]4^G5^33NCK]Z?1\=O;S:7!V#G^?
MPE 7L]GK0Z

MYIO%_:@&7KF@-$2SWK/TK$EU.@5M%Y- C9H-*W*#Z1J(]1!E0Y('-EYB^;Q'



DNL\H[[=9S;+@(UO?%?@+98YV!8@2



X#?B@'_UI_-#+[^B75&

M_IUI4]PP'$S
8](T2*CXJS.8[T!&27J



MOI6-US/_


MNA+


8Y]AV\A%^Q
5R5

F/AIF[0!J[:S^;K'78#P?%4


86SIZZS^Z
MJN=1$@T\L7_ W/@D%TW BKT5M&!SP[$G)O%HF'BV_*6?E[*Z+COVS!K
!GKW

6


M/;I2A*=RY'


SYU#5/

M'G.77FX.5Z'OM2P?X0PY%

MQ_'$+B
A2L!Q*_%)DFP\EURU^(J<\-!

$5+^'2IV'-X]&\.U)



C
M]H@$

M049D._30



MBU%W[#DP0QJ-NOUO[=;Z.U




.AF3J^S4JM5;6M5'

M:E4IBSSR.?@D*-U52QTISL1+U46&4+*J*BLYBTZ^
=]396RKR/TRNUURCHY[

]W



TY.4I:505:7F1&
MB'
Q16


?9






I
MO3O\ RI2$;T8
ER/!U B@Z&N)GQC8A-AE$/Y+D.5B-Y5-5NE)%/E
%I]#$8
MLZ:+3WE%
21YN6KN:WVE-L]=IE&-(PLQ8N])L;O9WNZ6JF?T01D-SQP;3N*@

\V*V^V#CS?(
M!QH;WLL'Y-^X.+Q5C-Z*EJOS(T(PL

U57%73'(':@RI'=5ALA%HX@?



FZ
AP_ 7D1!M4P? KE8


ML(HN8


M_CS0%&$1Y\IEA:4ENS[3)\\-3ID++0(!SIO)4!B!CW[-HR&
2Z3*2U+M

MG:HO2R#)IT6
B
E^VW@I <PS($L%E$4GO70%9K2@$
MH#(1PMVH[GA98)@O*;GL2J:.'4(#24M*L!9!*@QE9I]\6C)X\MX2& 0O-4N

Y\

=FH.;



F


MB$-O.D;A=E%37D?QH!2K2LOC^9C:MX@1$L*.L'C;T2HLR%Q=?!#%V&6 *]Y3




GB[\<ZD'7%JMW-WX5%TYNB'AH)-

MHJMB3F!E%

YF/2*&%9H2!E

1U;H?R-L
D@6!LG14DY2D!=2]_/E4'@E5\0#I7BC
MB@R[0T5L(6S<6

M



M508 H94**J:@
A7?T0((.5<]Y.?%$F
!!#UA

MYF5B@%NMQOU4!%W/?(?X1DB^XE*WVAY([-&&'G9#BRT0;E)R7DY*$DTJ96-5

MJB
!!


]@91IQ^]QG&
JD&*.'FF
MG71B+8VRV4@PI!$
]'TP$[X!2;V

T?:8KZHPL+8)6AP=L)@3J0I^PIPIM
MQ8J@$


M
*
/ Z!;WA]Y\I



@P=034


U WDNYX
M9 [6C[YM UL3S$/1C4?D/X7HMZ?BT3[&9X1^\-7:Z/@^&2?2D==117I2+E)[


MS./54.9?+C1BC\B[5U1P7$?:%\Y?,1GZG:ZL^! 3U'6([CM?+HHT;\P(YE

+NBY1)5'[




M_3O3#'H8#B:FPMII^+?S8
N;7]OG.[PR0?SU79)CS)2C6&]BUXN

M

[?Q3


M+G]
*LC*Z@\4
(?Q[#NM3K.;+/ $QS_WTVA@8LKK)





MOAUX@\(ZP!VY&J:3%Z+?0TW%(SR
1O#M25O^T%$/=!J/( -#QI/):Q_\VIIW

[W&3T!8(





MRWNZ0P

'W






8^TOI1N'#;^_^V+1W$
ML;_T\ZI6# +]A(-P/#+CB^+Q*(PC






H <@M 5
/(&]-:+/:IDU@E5IW[+^NI
MUG]H*)GJR9YN^;6][.G3J-@AS.@]QSDYZSCFC@)X?A=:ICF4FM;*I+8N\QE(

?/M($+XOB-Q2+;GIW#[E]9NG.




M

_:?24!?8.5

M@QVC)=42=KZEDL)-VB!7&'97

M!/=I.MZ%^I9@G-O'JVE'B[,,7J'5@W--ZJVJ# %-KTD*H@V_7S:*@S ZKR
MYR&K.A6+:U_2:3

N5

;-
M(VSGZE$'7+KF\1-KQ:J

M2V#D&SAIU U[



M7P]/R2:R77L=Z


M%!AP?5)V*0;W!NE D@






3U3



X!YZ9[OG-[J6$7!D?!5=KI?]K?3T7V;=:LF
M_9GP7$AE[)(@:!%.DUC)HH4''YO35XX;N%M5-$QZR]4%G 8\2?N2RU2/



M
!#'OXI0QFAAQ';2I'2U#5NA
-A&H7FQ=T6QS[9 #YXL9TX__23+L1./=6O6
^G!T<**[UE<%\ :-1P)JH(%UJ7;SVO2@K@I)K*$H2)9%)QHDU7
MY5Y5*B!I99

M_0JY=O)F
O&G_L/Y]3ARUH7.
7(Z']((!\L+[/V^\$]E1Z*+YXA._:=PQ]++

6S '#N'J4XXH UA$;XAC*X5M5D9X91MG7MF'8ED

MH



M9'Y9
#BR8!R271U42$4?C9X]*HEQ@


YJW+M_#V[?WHO6-66:BHZVH&D*CL<^?R+\V;Z]V,$=.%S1EZ3M7D
M'^B;W!0R4C-]9Z?8!B



1+^U^JL=YN=:&F==%4ROC'


M2PT7['P3!7 ^R




L_C=Z'_V%(TBC
2GEJ4=6\B#AUJW_(-$VF@?




M.-G@E%!B9J&\YN4G4(Q)J25F5@NIYVZ#4[:)F6US4L\GVYRR3LP^)7GV]FX
MA')-PNR:T\(^B4FY)N%V#67NS@N94*Y)F%U#*S'!F.2B%[-V:,P48U+:2;@G
M,21FAC$I[23,VJ$QAQB34D_K)Y.'#157NJRT[TIWR3
OB&72+K=F_)-PNP;
M

2GU


M





$%     @ (X)B4)08Y'(4 @  620  !H   !X





N&+_RWJ?_6=]M


^VQ' '?ER1T!WY-L= =Z1K[< O86OMP]Y0KWVNAFFZ^W +V%K[<


LBI&=\58

'

I0T44VR8/E?%4/D5?=\N/

MCN(J1X&5H\@J4&05*+(*%%D%BJP15:!(JM D56@RI09!4HLDH4626*K!)%

4      B@F)0'R// \     3 @  P
M        @ $     7W)E;'
O+G)E;'-02P$% ,4      B@F)0)^B'#H(



M='

  'P0   8




M !@              ( !9Q


M 0(4 Q0    ( *8E6)!2W)0(  *4&   8                5D7  !X






M965T.YX;6Q02P$% 
4      B@F)0N8?@[8!  #2 P  &


4      B@F)05&U\+0!  #2 P  &0              @ $!
M


M965T

  !D





M A0#%     @ (H)B4.F&^YBS 0  T@
  !D              ( !FSH  'AL


'[4!



M4-!Y*NBR 0  T@

O


M        @ %

M   ( *8E#6WZ TMP$  -(#   9                3I%  !X;]W;W)K





M

  !D






G/ 0  G 0  !D              ( !_5(  'AL+W=O




R+GAM

S

M9*Y


M970S-YX;6Q02P$% 

M% 


4      B@F)0#WQF^($   '&@




4



M=#4S+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( *8E ;F+Q=GP(  )$)   9




M2P$% ,4      C@F)0&5HNR=($   +*   #P              @ 'S!@$


-50%);width:100%;&gt;&lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;margin:0pt 0pt 0.05pt 0pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:1pt;visibility:hidden;&gt;&#x200b;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;width:4.62%;margin:0pt;padding:0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=height:1pt;overflow:hidden;overflow-wrap:break-word;position:relative;&gt;&lt;div style=position:absolute;top:50%;transform:translate(0
-50%);width:100%;&gt;&lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;margin:0pt 0pt 0.05pt 0pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:1pt;visibility:hidden;&gt;&#x200b;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;width:3.97%;margin:0pt;padding:0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=height:1pt;overflow:hidden;overflow-wrap:break-word;position:relative;&gt;&lt;div style=position:absolute;top:50%;transform:translate(0
-50%);width:100%;&gt;&lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;margin:0pt 0pt 0.05pt 0pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:1pt;visibility:hidden;&gt;&#x200b;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;width:28.92%;margin:0pt;padding:0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=height:1pt;overflow:hidden;overflow-wrap:break-word;position:relative;&gt;&lt;div style=position:absolute;top:50%;transform:translate(0
&lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;margin:0pt 0pt 12pt 0pt;&gt;&lt;b style=font-weight:bold;&gt;Property, Plant, and Equipment&#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;b style=font-weight:bold;&gt;- &lt;/b&gt;Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization. The Company computes depreciation and amortization using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets acquired as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse;font-size:16pt;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;padding-left:0pt;padding-right:0pt;width:80%;&gt;&lt;tr style=height:1pt;&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;width:62.47%;margin:0pt;padding:0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=height:1pt;overflow:hidden;overflow-wrap:break-word;position:relative;&gt;&lt;div style=position:absolute;top:50%;transform:translate(0
-50%);width:100%;&gt;&lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;margin:0pt 0pt 0.05pt 0pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:1pt;visibility:hidden;&gt;&#x200b;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;width:4.62%;margin:0pt;padding:0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=height:1pt;overflow:hidden;overflow-wrap:break-word;position:relative;&gt;&lt;div style=position:absolute;top:50%;transform:translate(0
-50%);width:100%;&gt;&lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;margin:0pt 0pt 0.05pt 0pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:1pt;visibility:hidden;&gt;&#x200b;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;width:3.97%;margin:0pt;padding:0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=height:1pt;overflow:hidden;overflow-wrap:break-word;position:relative;&gt;&lt;div style=position:absolute;top:50%;transform:translate(0
-50%);width:100%;&gt;&lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;margin:0pt 0pt 0.05pt 0pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:1pt;visibility:hidden;&gt;&#x200b;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;width:28.92%;margin:0pt;padding:0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=height:1pt;overflow:hidden;overflow-wrap:break-word;position:relative;&gt;&lt;div style=position:absolute;top:50%;transform:translate(0
&lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse;font-size:16pt;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;padding-left:0pt;padding-right:0pt;width:80%;&gt;&lt;tr style=height:1pt;&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;width:62.47%;margin:0pt;padding:0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=height:1pt;overflow:hidden;overflow-wrap:break-word;position:relative;&gt;&lt;div style=position:absolute;top:50%;transform:translate(0
-50%);width:100%;&gt;&lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;margin:0pt 0pt 0.05pt 0pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:1pt;visibility:hidden;&gt;&#x200b;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;width:4.62%;margin:0pt;padding:0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=height:1pt;overflow:hidden;overflow-wrap:break-word;position:relative;&gt;&lt;div style=position:absolute;top:50%;transform:translate(0
-50%);width:100%;&gt;&lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;margin:0pt 0pt 0.05pt 0pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:1pt;visibility:hidden;&gt;&#x200b;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;width:3.97%;margin:0pt;padding:0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=height:1pt;overflow:hidden;overflow-wrap:break-word;position:relative;&gt;&lt;div style=position:absolute;top:50%;transform:translate(0
-50%);width:100%;&gt;&lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;margin:0pt 0pt 0.05pt 0pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:1pt;visibility:hidden;&gt;&#x200b;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;width:28.92%;margin:0pt;padding:0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=height:1pt;overflow:hidden;overflow-wrap:break-word;position:relative;&gt;&lt;div style=position:absolute;top:50%;transform:translate(0
&lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;margin:0pt 0pt 12pt 0pt;&gt;12. LEASES AND COMMITMENTS&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;margin:0pt 0pt 12pt 0pt;&gt;Operating Leases:&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;margin:0pt 0pt 11pt 0pt;&gt;The Company has operating leases for office and warehouse space and certain equipment. In certain of the Company&#x2019;s lease agreements, the rental payments are adjusted periodically based on defined terms within the lease. The Company did not have any finance leases as of December 31, 2019 and for the twelve-month period then ended. &lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;margin:0pt 0pt 11pt 0pt;&gt;Our leases relating to office and warehouse space have terms of 36 months to 122 months. Our leases relating to equipment have lease terms of &lt;span style=-sec-ix-hidden:_4d1841c7_a637_41f9_8da1_84421bd6b624&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-style:normal;font-weight:normal;text-align:left;&gt;60&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/span&gt; to 203 months, with some of them having clauses &lt;span style=-sec-ix-hidden:_7b146469_d417_4045_8ac0_11dde471bef0&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-style:normal;font-weight:normal;text-align:left;&gt;relating&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=white-space:pre-wrap;&gt; to automatic renewal.  &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;margin:0pt 0pt 11pt 0pt;&gt;The Company&#x2019;s warehouse agreement also contains non-lease components, in the form of payments towards variable logistics services and labor charges, which the Company is obligated to pay based on the services consumed by it. Such amounts are not included in the measurement of the lease liability but will be recognized as expense when they are incurred.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;margin:0pt 0pt 11pt 0pt;&gt;For the year ended December 31, 2019, expense associated with operating leases was $3.1 million.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;margin:0pt 0pt 12pt 0pt;&gt;&lt;span style=visibility:hidden;&gt;&#x200b;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;margin:0pt 0pt 12pt 0pt;&gt;&lt;span style=visibility:hidden;&gt;&#x200b;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;margin:0pt 0pt 12pt 0pt;&gt;&lt;span style=visibility:hidden;&gt;&#x200b;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;margin:0pt 0pt 12pt 0pt;&gt;Supplemental cash flow information related to the Company&#x2019;s operating leases were as follows (in thousands):&lt;/p&gt;&lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse;font-size:16pt;padding-left:0pt;padding-right:0pt;width:100%;&gt;&lt;tr style=height:1pt;&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;white-space:nowrap;width:64.08%;margin:0pt;padding:0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=height:1pt;overflow:hidden;overflow-wrap:break-word;position:relative;&gt;&lt;div style=bottom:0pt;position:absolute;width:100%;&gt;&lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;margin:0pt 0pt 0.05pt 0pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:1pt;visibility:hidden;&gt;&#x200b;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;white-space:nowrap;width:1.38%;margin:0pt;padding:0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=height:1pt;overflow:hidden;overflow-wrap:break-word;position:relative;&gt;&lt;div style=bottom:0pt;position:absolute;width:100%;&gt;&lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;margin:0pt 0pt 0.05pt 0pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:1pt;visibility:hidden;&gt;&#x200b;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;white-space:nowrap;width:3.25%;margin:0pt;padding:0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=height:1pt;overflow:hidden;overflow-wrap:break-word;position:relative;&gt;&lt;div style=bottom:0pt;position:absolute;width:100%;&gt;&lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;margin:0pt 0pt 0.05pt 0pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:1pt;visibility:hidden;&gt;&#x200b;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;white-space:nowrap;width:31.27%;margin:0pt;padding:0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=height:1pt;overflow:hidden;overflow-wrap:break-word;position:relative;&gt;&lt;div style=bottom:0pt;position:absolute;width:100%;&gt;&lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;margin:0pt 0pt 0.05pt 0pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:1pt;visibility:hidden;&gt;&#x200b;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:auto;vertical-align:bottom;white-space:nowrap;width:64.08%;margin:0pt;padding:0pt;&gt;&lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;margin:0pt 0pt 0.05pt 0pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-family:'Arial';visibility:hidden;&gt;&#x200b;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:auto;vertical-align:bottom;white-space:nowrap;width:1.38%;margin:0pt;padding:0pt;&gt;&lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;margin:0pt 0pt 0.05pt 0pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-family:'Arial';visibility:hidden;&gt;&#x200b;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:auto;vertical-align:bottom;white-space:nowrap;width:34.53%;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;margin:0pt;padding:0pt;&gt;&lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:9pt;text-align:center;margin:0pt 0pt 0.05pt 0pt;&gt;&lt;b style=font-weight:bold;&gt;Year ended December 31, 2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:auto;vertical-align:bottom;white-space:nowrap;width:64.08%;margin:0pt;padding:0pt;&gt;&lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;margin:0pt 0pt 0.05pt 0pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-family:'Arial';visibility:hidden;&gt;&#x200b;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:auto;vertical-align:bottom;white-space:nowrap;width:1.38%;margin:0pt;padding:0pt;&gt;&lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;margin:0pt 0pt 0.05pt 0pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-family:'Arial';visibility:hidden;&gt;&#x200b;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:auto;vertical-align:bottom;white-space:nowrap;width:3.25%;margin:0pt;padding:0pt;&gt;&lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;margin:0pt 0pt 0.05pt 0pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-family:'Arial';visibility:hidden;&gt;&#x200b;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:auto;vertical-align:bottom;white-space:nowrap;width:31.27%;margin:0pt;padding:0pt;&gt;&lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;margin:0pt 0pt 0.05pt 0pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-family:'Arial';visibility:hidden;&gt;&#x200b;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;vertical-align:middle;width:64.08%;margin:0pt;padding:0pt;&gt;&lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:9pt;margin:0pt 0pt 0.05pt 0pt;&gt;Cash paid for amounts included in the measurements of lease liabilities&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;vertical-align:bottom;white-space:nowrap;width:1.38%;margin:0pt;padding:0pt;&gt;&lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;margin:0pt 0pt 0.05pt 0pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-family:'Arial';visibility:hidden;&gt;&#x200b;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;vertical-align:bottom;white-space:nowrap;width:3.25%;margin:0pt;padding:0pt;&gt;&lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;margin:0pt 0pt 0.05pt 0pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-family:'Arial';visibility:hidden;&gt;&#x200b;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;vertical-align:bottom;white-space:nowrap;width:31.27%;margin:0pt;padding:0pt;&gt;&lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;margin:0pt 0pt 0.05pt 0pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-family:'Arial';visibility:hidden;&gt;&#x200b;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;width:64.08%;margin:0pt;padding:0pt;&gt;&lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:9pt;margin:0pt 0pt 0.05pt 6pt;&gt;Operating cash flow from operating leases&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;white-space:nowrap;width:1.38%;margin:0pt;padding:0pt;&gt;&lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;margin:0pt 0pt 0.05pt 0pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-family:'Arial';visibility:hidden;&gt;&#x200b;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;white-space:nowrap;width:3.25%;border-bottom:3px double #000000;margin:0pt;padding:0pt;&gt;&lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:9pt;margin:0pt 0pt 0.05pt 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;white-space:nowrap;width:31.27%;border-bottom:3px double #000000;margin:0pt;padding:0pt;&gt;&lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:9pt;text-align:right;margin:0pt 3pt 0.05pt 0pt;&gt; 3,025&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;vertical-align:bottom;white-space:nowrap;width:64.08%;margin:0pt;padding:0pt;&gt;&lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;margin:0pt 0pt 0.05pt 0pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-family:'Arial';visibility:hidden;&gt;&#x200b;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;vertical-align:bottom;white-space:nowrap;width:1.38%;margin:0pt;padding:0pt;&gt;&lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;margin:0pt 0pt 0.05pt 0pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-family:'Arial';visibility:hidden;&gt;&#x200b;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;vertical-align:bottom;white-space:nowrap;width:3.25%;margin:0pt;padding:0pt;&gt;&lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;margin:0pt 0pt 0.05pt 0pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-family:'Arial';visibility:hidden;&gt;&#x200b;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;vertical-align:bottom;white-space:nowrap;width:31.27%;margin:0pt;padding:0pt;&gt;&lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;margin:0pt 0pt 0.05pt 0pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-family:'Arial';visibility:hidden;&gt;&#x200b;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;width:64.08%;margin:0pt;padding:0pt;&gt;&lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:9pt;margin:0pt 0pt 0.05pt 0pt;&gt;Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;white-space:nowrap;width:1.38%;margin:0pt;padding:0pt;&gt;&lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;margin:0pt 0pt 0.05pt 0pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-family:'Arial';visibility:hidden;&gt;&#x200b;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;white-space:nowrap;width:3.25%;margin:0pt;padding:0pt;&gt;&lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;margin:0pt 0pt 0.05pt 0pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-family:'Arial';visibility:hidden;&gt;&#x200b;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;white-space:nowrap;width:31.27%;margin:0pt;padding:0pt;&gt;&lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;margin:0pt 0pt 0.05pt 0pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-family:'Arial';visibility:hidden;&gt;&#x200b;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;vertical-align:middle;white-space:nowrap;width:64.08%;margin:0pt;padding:0pt;&gt;&lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:9pt;margin:0pt 0pt 0.05pt 6pt;&gt;Operating leases&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;vertical-align:bottom;white-space:nowrap;width:1.38%;margin:0pt;padding:0pt;&gt;&lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;margin:0pt 0pt 0.05pt 0pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-family:'Arial';visibility:hidden;&gt;&#x200b;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;vertical-align:bottom;white-space:nowrap;width:3.25%;border-bottom:3px double #000000;margin:0pt;padding:0pt;&gt;&lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:9pt;margin:0pt 0pt 0.05pt 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;vertical-align:bottom;white-space:nowrap;width:31.27%;border-bottom:3px double #000000;margin:0pt;padding:0pt;&gt;&lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:9pt;text-align:right;margin:0pt 3pt 0.05pt 0pt;&gt; 3,489&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;margin:0pt 0pt 12pt 0pt;&gt;&lt;span style=visibility:hidden;&gt;&#x200b;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;margin:0pt 0pt 12pt 0pt;&gt;As of December 31, 2019, the weighted average remaining lease term was 4.5 years and the weighted average discount rate was 3.7%.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;&gt;The following table presents the maturity of the Company&#x2019;s operating lease liabilities as of December 31, 2019 (in thousands):&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;margin:0pt 0pt 12pt 0pt;&gt;&lt;span style=visibility:hidden;&gt;&#x200b;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse;font-size:16pt;padding-left:0pt;padding-right:0pt;width:100%;&gt;&lt;tr style=height:1pt;&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;white-space:nowrap;width:64.08%;margin:0pt;padding:0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=height:1pt;overflow:hidden;overflow-wrap:break-word;position:relative;&gt;&lt;div style=position:absolute;top:50%;transform:translate(0
&lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;&gt;The following table presents the maturity of the Company&#x2019;s operating lease liabilities as of December 31, 2019 (in thousands):&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;margin:0pt 0pt 12pt 0pt;&gt;&lt;span style=visibility:hidden;&gt;&#x200b;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse;font-size:16pt;padding-left:0pt;padding-right:0pt;width:100%;&gt;&lt;tr style=height:1pt;&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;white-space:nowrap;width:64.08%;margin:0pt;padding:0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=height:1pt;overflow:hidden;overflow-wrap:break-word;position:relative;&gt;&lt;div style=position:absolute;top:50%;transform:translate(0

 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsSharebasedPaymentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style=position:absolute;top:50%;transform:translate(0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementOfIncomeAndComprehensiveIncomeAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPeriodIncreaseDecreaseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeUnrealizedHoldingGainLossOnSecuritiesArisingDuringPeriodNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIForSaleOfSecuritiesNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossAvailableForSaleSecuritiesAdjustmentNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationAndExerciseOfStockOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardSharesIssuedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsRelatedToTaxWithholdingForShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesPaidForTaxWithholdingForShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsCommonStockCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CumulativeEffectOfNewAccountingPrincipleInPeriodOfAdoption'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationAndExerciseOfStockOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardSharesIssuedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsRelatedToTaxWithholdingForShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesPaidForTaxWithholdingForShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesRestrictedStockAwardForfeited'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockValueAcquiredParValueMethod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockSharesAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockValueAcquiredCostMethod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsCommonStockCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationAndExerciseOfStockOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardSharesIssuedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsRelatedToTaxWithholdingForShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesPaidForTaxWithholdingForShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockValueAcquiredCostMethod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsCommonStockCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeasesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasePayments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RightOfUseAssetObtainedInExchangeForOperatingLeaseLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeaseWeightedAverageRemainingLeaseTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeaseWeightedAverageDiscountRatePercent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_med_UnrealizedGainLossOnInvestmentSecuritiesAndForeignCurrencyIncomeTaxEffectsAllocatedToEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefitIntraperiodTaxAllocation'

C%D
2YH=&WM6VUO

M.7&+.HDS-V..)1H'7EWSW-WD'3!3Y9U.;X:(BS64*X0J$DH A&ZIB-!9I
MAQ=$2DI8^B#I#@B'7M(]NS.Y9U]OI5H7TJVL$]]&[MM?V'
]!GN]V_*
C
KHJS'=2A?(_UTM53Y$;90&C$?<+,;VIX,J:0D+9TA_3A&3H$UF@/T0


@*SO\
M7E 5U_S
)UG:J[!3XZ:(8WB-U[1+[KC

MR(C9\$8F&
5HWRE^M#L@_!))





MS/JCLQA=$F J1GW!LQE3Q3
O]'84 X]BH ?ZO*V)KK!)VX;IFYNJQI'.VS'E

M#VPT'%\86AM:;YZR:QP96C_0@&1...I+P3$PALZS3(04E'D^9#CY'$]J]2!O

M1



M^/HVS3XFP1)_







M





-$O0NH2ZLZM;6[;\0S5P9P]_@N!P
M=KY_2OC#IB4
J.

Q

$H8Z

'))
B '0@]A*.6&:B50[)VF 9Q




MS;:M^PR7U+.JS @WO.F6FA OM!OX(O54C_V6/SJ15



#BL'HMS$
/*H*$L\6*VU3G[M
NU!&J




81!A1WYM2VU:^'=-$[=506C6=1O_O6P7-Q0DD


M

UD!J.N@1_:.!;'/GR\=.4D?\2

@/LHE5OSKBQHW)2A
MK&L]TE*;L'Q<@.WS1/87-SR*


MSDI7P

S
Z5ZRW


M(

H/(R.CLE_/E7U
IL+_/?5. /*W(=78\NM /_Q50[L][.K@_#WH2_I+XO&






WJ 361H+N%DR


QZM_IL9'M22?DTNI9@(P

3<(RT$0Y5[*_!%)!X!9W< E53#(<YQ6:
Q/-U
M

M/@DU&4F%FID%YS1
N+&:8D?4W:ST1BV#-5R9A3(WM-T1JYUKOJW$.MP1ZP63



2!:ZIZJU$Z5&@5@M#/EQL=0







M]







]9MY_0#KKKU+0VGYOIY[#DW9:ZS\YW6?*P;9;\
M1#4^JX<!<5_;_M:=!#V3GYLDT5_D+$I1H\Q9;U$\-%]^.;NH3_4JOXU#O)Z
E,&/F<Z6,OCQZ_QK(Z-U$/[K
MFO(;H6\S/Y]FUK\/?;\V=)_G&;F#[B-SA.U,N8/NLYGR;P3=I]OJL0'9!N[;
M8LIMI2=**!W5SR.4_3[CD)*/RXV0W]*4)ZWH7##IL@7&/<#UD^E5/&E?J#G

BYH=&WM7.]O
MVC@8_MQ)^Q]\3)LZ4(I5L#K42!7M&M

M
$
71 @:!.A44'=
$#HR:D;%.B53EZ_:H$5MJ&
QM5RY5RQ:R8J&);!W;M

MF!7UYV)







M$



M2H_5?*BP* =5JH8Y#XE9/R,N7)*(RXE#VT+$

T[X7


MRU&\3
'[0;BRXQ#^92'8'( I@ZE'B#4J88XC
8APX:P&9(9N3 7 .Q(D5D N

SZ13)

[.TB3!D)C&DDW221 M105WV-YD08.




O6MV&69T]_3I+]M?$



$%     @ (X)B




J%1-AZH2CP:)0+)/X!3(

MI!EXLYXH_
6]?7R=3F0!1\MA6N-C1&8B8 ()9U*FLGWQ0&^)LJE$6DZG
(JI


*?E77
ML.7&Y O (ZHNB=PS:89&IUI60%-WH]MO8PV4@-# 9!36/U9
JDE9X14R+O
M-NDD8&!FD*R$J8JR1H:8E56-^S]$+$]GN:K5SC?%T


M Y:4!+0!\/.)AG]H9%QD80,L0PTSFJ;Y=G#HHY &+:2)@=-FPJ!KO;/^$;

D;U8##



F
M.A\%4L4SXN!)-!-^#CP/ZBT+
0-Z#YXOXH7X[Z;0(#3/ *DZU3-)T)WY&2X\



M.F%'*N!]!H3@=+$5)*)YN/9

 KN+6!79:;SV']JMYR&16
&7VL? IGS


M%O;/+P=?/A/AE



E
I[




MO1/O+.^7K!/ P^^45.1N+#P/H5(LD#X_;12S/#)[?PRY/OJ%#(B]
2Z9_(
M-.%QT7.@^:'

Y%$*D<)058X5\R4(^08*BDP
M3\\0Y*#2\+][IXZY&T6@^JU1A9?F)1$64U3 ),[!,-)0LY*FBN'#L$I*OP
MK:\8Z(;0


MN;K6I-2/@VK+ZP#GN @6\T[KY
08TUFH^%5AMVR26*\V 

MVGC0-Q[T[;V-!WWC0=]XT/\
2_O\^







MV1S-K
U)SA17#M!;:T E


6WK;N

PZO  *UGP5(]1^1J1R+DH$.2H](!


[D(BKHH[*8K4%




*9:B[$![;ZHXZA*:[$LY5$ROIS60*=QRF.P
MT4.Q?0I0W8,XS(VTOHG,K'=DYM$F,K.)S&PB,W^=GG!ZI:H_7%,(7??:B%S6
ME'IH+5--I:ZJ&G-^B6LC0P: S4^4-RG^GZ!B84]EZ2=.+?0?43]PY_S=5 .?
MW^?3(0;R?QMR<DO@DNR_UABMV7?WHIS+AI.2O(^&IO=V:<EPVN%6[&E+G8!


M[@YPGR@U+
]:Y=X_\\4*:PMXU&^/HFL?NZLP@:5@K&7=_^NZ!/OG4Z+A V

F

G6X.!F;YPB+'2Y1((@@$TM8=9&?!



M!D6B


W1^X%(#E^2PMO!UR25






(HVMCP.H
MTUU8T66)'




X_4K
M



M-KQHE2P\58PEN35 N+E9^QC97_(;I 
8E^Z]\)^ZN+;K)
G:@/^8;XPX:?+
MC$&E5HLE*Q


MCTOO\[$]9+WD:ILD)D$+C67Q2[Z:U;@_P/4S-6*3H^VZX0O.%A)D6TI77_

:GC0TE3NGK3646YOZ7(G
M*[8 XQ:]&-7S&4 ?6
@MJ/[ ]TBD6!Z0]HVO4RI$*7&[QXVDR\^4:;WP0%&




:+*-Y8V

E=N=2W7\D6N5EPO
M-8(

M(8^HMXU\HZ1):ZM_S\J:;=(5-\9A9DKT )8-8_/- RL8Q1O
/3Q(1#K'1$J7







M*



GLO:X
M)BE@=!V6%--L-'13X.#OX0
_8Z9R@+_B
%$('7IO4[R0CX)X9$X'3C7K'W=Y
*MYLIDWNM05<D]5$'M3.NXR]S=IZDE U
M63(6J??4JS']KK
?-4M%0$N6J3&FDG)#\*^:NU3']P+=R6QML3]7@$%*:3
M$D3*UH'U*H9$$V?O^#5W2V_Q*,*;H#%06+E1#%W]H2CIN6S)LDX82?Y&6J@
M=%2A+DDW+8/.6



$%     @ (X)B4-MC
M@E .#P  OYH  !    !M960M
C Q.3$R





F2$T=9D[(^/S\?:/: SX'C

#C_1GV)$]\K+T





M%F8

LO3I+QJ$'L0
M^H 9R26$%OU;_5EN:1L%L0_X8-RAC,5 !Y!!%)_?'FXMFL8\4$A&J +P(F


M._HCI$OE\J4)9NQ:R[%#_.[P:!/B1.!;I$4BD(E2H6A_
QGGD]]T3E''*8:.



M:]H+JG*3=YMN$F6%]I/






MF1'.B0L_AD(0*6XHGE(/%N?[6C7.40A:[LND

M 4:':@T8?CU [5%S&[


M$XU^_G+]^%N'O26\I[WW9TS.J..6KN(YH9AQ'4/J#K0:;K#7 V\GDK:^79
M['


B110IJ+)&DBKS-A[;=![VYWG8VJ:G;^AH
MIGRJ_*TP];%S?XNU0I%:G=]MM[.DHMM4FZ]JYTBAIV3=&M)UCK9=QZW M8J\

=S^\- QDEMC?59X[R@CM4





&H-HDUO].KC;S7::L;506H$<'!:!+-E3VP'6: JT;
P26'


M/6YWUF








D_:?@B7F:\6<
M




M$SIG%R'GJM.1O:FJ'Z03\3.5Q'T
DEL HH+^MEE8VL7&'6Q;^9G[UD;/NH4\
M@2QZ0&JSKA@37U7%B-^F97
%U07F? 5#LV?






@IVTIOLCNB1K]


MTW\]W$_T.5IHQ]AR7
W2T=$Z5R+'QPLQPSR]TU#\42B??I%6@CH8#$[]7R&I


F__S
M\))JA/E#81S%BZH.[E#7;0_

MZKA'

M?*


MV%('0;X3J#%

MF9HH$RHG@2 .#98OS)5=?M:D+LY %YV:B21FMK356D'4LH[SOK=;M.?(SM0^

_%?R/C--NFI@.\:MJ@FQE8
.\$._'0-'ZW7
M)P33:*

MQ93H5DN5E]1Z7U7/^[_HO#_-NP%_!S'P-;I!RXW0_;#7 UO!\^CFZ4R6\W

M_*&;/6_0LBW7&;HCC9 5#%C_U$SVWC9/7GE
R6^LE%WOPE!E-7QX?@4Z? 1X

M9Z;*D;-5MA4&&IC\7#Z3

MYPD/RT9A0P$:9CMD9VB:\021\
R#:F^!L:/.
$!


EJU


M1B\/-%D[WJ%AX'55GC0
].1ML0NK5?ZH)N>ND7&%$$H:Y/DO'4O)YA.4$J;
M.% !

U#5B[HC=Z6=Q?)J3VSWJCZ*
ME;EK2 :BE#13JMUS\(HM4'IUQ2@N=*QKS[XMXF"TZ&YA@X[_\[YG1BOE9


/Q&
M1


M$GGX RX
FL8%CFLDLC

M


M2QLKN)X$C6?QB='82K^_FV%Y$1'R4:+^V69I_8GM^N_O^8AK[.BF[7CK0/S
MV7Q-CY-&9^HSS^2==7H=53E6-G+@0TR4\FDM['

MVOL#4(E@S61['%+2RM-&V8I-\Q'P0I'U )!_\-I\1OY1ZPC.DZ;_J;W2L2EP


MR+).BA.W#^4?JQ$]#UN5^%;2:*_*J?.=RTTWS]Q'#B):G-P$0J-


/1\^376HPIQS8:_+\0EX9^E0
M/?R&_'KO;GQPY6F-$8NC%3M 6F][?=#(GXC&E8YL)_?9](PLK3%[8;!B!TAK


MQJ1=


<'RJ4BJIA423I%X_X5-*((Z?<8&]MCU1I$C0+QYQ::01]T?R



6\*:B/@LOM_88?\[RV

S])ZDF]4CJ[8]Z
E$[?MTSN^:$ 5
MMCR8;P0K7=L2.@6DJKMKOV!0]




M

M=;U[
E%](EW1.J6%ES-:BHB ^AZ7W:[?
])M2P=RK]MG&#



*0



WNT6U4(C?+*\B.G#<]-WNR1[ BF'29HL\(VX
ML$

%9-4F*JJ%YT#X0L3?2/\J$)(

M^_\#4$L#!!0    ( .8E ([DB(5AT  
+F 0 4    ;65D+3(P
3DQ
C
Q

MJ8



/^/
M$ ?+8HQH=U*4Q6OL6X[GAP2-PMG
)
OA9(2?73K@+=
-NI;EA6Y YZ@'2IF%

CKU









@

PD

1#P^




T






;BG/PQ[


MBS?7\-Q9CNX74XKJ9N2VJD7R4O]%IW-QWGQV CBJ(A0/ .WIF8X5;?1\H^X!

HH&VP

M+?WZ$
(I])'3YPL BKMQ DK(9(4AA$=HXR-C @ 8B2@ )1+DA.:[5A$'(

M;04]P8C$U$K86P7[T+1)_/I6EQ 6#
AXOUINBSR82QYB]-TD=GR-6D]9JF6X

':1
L??VA--:



M$V4
)T9$UE^





\VD

KCZ\4O


!_E


?=T V]@)F<A&R H)/Z_J+RPGIC<4+UDM[?#@$\
P\DN


M3P8T7

MR@

PNTW
EOP_M6!/CME


M/438
_1_1\M-G](; HJR3:=Q*B#T%


)
]EAI%..AAQG08







M_1/9WUPJ]5CX

78VK

M&MQ# SJW(.Y#)NA5]$5L!)1M[



MUD'@'I;T_WE!+&M?S*
Y(/-^



T

Q7W=8CW:D&\U_8YM<-#PLGI9(?K
M-BQ1L)^!!1
&)M3Y-_&0\.%]U]2!T([W70^11(=(HE;H6^I5M

MR2K5?JE03


MB]VU&:!-ABH0_FDV*EN]4#3MP&83]6'$[ L(\#!Y


MR(X$W&&6#:X&XS5OL&NZ%F99W3?
W)N$O13U@K*$979.3SN[89F;QHU8Z\8/
MF_;S!EY2COCTT#E;30[TBU@0A(@G482D=JTFYKD!UW%&14KPHZA@\Q&0&1&)
MCTH10P 6GB19/3JG]F;'7S*4,:IZ50$$G@H5SHY0&*&7C=@B31K'\\[[S]=
MP,DP5Q:(0B8!X/IM-;(I$O
LNO:7SVZK+J

M5R*=KRD(.W/ZRAT'/1^_A3 7KM6B]4 6^*E1OOYX3FTFF/2UU\*V!E\RM:$*

9F*L;RYYL.
MB@UQ


S8VRY




MBC@$BME99LS.&L%
$BE169G@#3V!)R4TE5H0'S2. WEV




M7Y'W3

EE*VX8TR+;7:


O

7/KS(UW)6PJ%LP;3:YZ5AL92W -#2]Z$\FB+W:



!L$._4U*

%R*^EN4-I4_(T%VIY)G]O

9K8YLD]I63[S9A^



MA=#M\0OM



MO_X'4$L#!!0    ( .8E#
C=].QV
  )@
!@ 4    ;65D+3(P
3DQ
C
Q

MS3DN)J@B2N*81=:2++4TO_[PX 

GWW[ZK_W)64DV3G] /W[W_[OWW[[]'
M/_[T[A]_(O^_^5C#?21
;J
AP#A*?GT@8R$B9Y+_]))'__K54U'L?_KNNR]?
MOGS[Y8=OT^R1H'[_[KO_\_'J;O.$=\%)E.1%D&SP5QRKA?'RD


MP[MO7_+P*S('/U+EL;X%F\18^GXG6/__6K/-KM8\HX^]U3AK=R+N(L^X[B
)MLTVS&36#_D119L
MBHH
8Y[1
43[KN:/8JZS-I-!MJDHDQ\'9XAOMNDQGLBY.83RM'WV;ISH:O

M(HZ









M_;M_=_K=Y8/WOG=YJ*=PB 
Z_LJW^#&B

!*FK2I:
M% #-


#@%*/+PZ!:







PB 



M@2 41






M&X(A1SW]$O%JRRA1O]&$.MSL^

MA_M
4*%B?^9BM0.!PW@ 44%3IB1.FJ/V#&B%1 +D7WB98XG!)FL.\;A!K5#2

M.Z.PL@=_3

2Y7Z.*%'-?2+(P2



MZ






MV)_1N1A]KJYGV:(-+R.9TS*2HJ?QSL^4[GZH8NEH*E[YFB%A#;R-BH0O_D;/




4M178=_/? L
M[VK*1LSVE
'\\R;3I\[4PXP?R2NO
U6

9ZH'!-5@R)A5%9]1A@7-0-S%Y8R

(IRO


MKVDI[(H!5'* . MENP1Q1P;X7M_=K)[Q)F9DDK9!E*'G(#Y@ZLYW0?8KYEGH





]S6V PBDN%(N5/I;M:+W0X_-
M6*]XYCB N^




P_3P4&P/
0HJ
M&/++OW__PS\R;_#W/_SX#]1IGQ






M%__Y^?+^SU[8G%FZL@X!W*X


(?D0&5:)H@X-=S& 8\-R

5YTMT8ILDO*\65I\



M\Y]0+0D[4M(3WB;-BQ7ZAW_B![MW/_Y0'R*/KOQ7/S)D'$+R)Y1H%D+T('1H


M@S_/1(;O5Q1HX)=G6G%LGH-X]PQD_/
/\
LX&WGX.RJ_7WRLXSC]0EW/AS0[
M+^N']JN2JHZ_ALA H24KT5H1)2-
]X$D[;Z088*F36*K-1I
0O4
QH/N%Z


M2.2\Z(V#XZ &=P@[*0H#:%W#^^105RRZW]3P2MH3PRAS;S6#@HO &(?!@I

M1VD




M(N: +A


M= GH4-5]9Q&

MJ&9#TDN0 )\\4&@D@@-W$QPIP48 AU/VGX


=)L@0K84
M


M8$9=?+O);UZA




2G+^GQE9P#HELR2

R:0)
MH?5Q4T_

M$DV
D


M3HE7YF62,N9BWE49HPDA(TGUO'4/]OHF7_K.00YL@X]U+&BX,N:-BD?F%2

65%@(?;- \Z/FY+.J_S&3:;$2
MCV
D\\5&O IIVDG:A#0/7
)R5^IY./-#E 3)9H9PII:05Z9I(+*!B6JH^&*J
M@RS:FFQ-T&$XTV '.YOX





X0DM0N6*&:K8[SY)S!;%Z\F'U%

E)D7J ] )

M&.6;.

M.WM8


M8A[24'&

F:5GVE0_CB5-Q
T(-J@GH.

\
@2XZ(Z:FWX&(X_=

M@

(
P)R;2.#23S8;'#C'O

:%% 90(*
ML+FY$?)KVI[]&P^
\1879-N'PXL@H[FBN=;R5
 P9J9G7;0I.:1S ]*QT5.D

*22



?2L1PYZ_/E0$E;E+


PA

V
II
MK7T3FYY)\B
='T$VWYR7O416WLN/K8AP#+S%[/K]/KT/7OX4%4_T03:9C ]I)M^Q
M#1\L[2FQUW&3H(BOF)+#C*.
'
Z
I
M


:-;BP:8Z#C TD$=9AT(K&BFQ(
M


MERG[E8A2\'81
A=/

Y^_(:R&U8P'+(
D:T
ME9&%A^:\3C*415C*T.EX6Q=

M49L(#RU2.@2P\A4#(G3J52B@(0I4:%F1M/#9[0)R1* O&:+')-I&FX F+0D/



EJ)B
.K*'B(XJ@@.Q]SIS^:&FBD



#.:\X$QLQ#9<;8
M



:OV^E9Y)7;)IQ!
)969Z'Q=DDA7KD%7WLZY0L/*9GQ=SFG$BC(F]S#.A/\;?YI.GWP!+&I 4@
MA5%7\L):JZ9T7+<0EZ]%7 FMNX?G_/4'F%4R ?C49KQ+@.WM$9FGK.:-$S(


MCY]I3_:+O(C(?@KGJF[0#V)&=5M)0VA'

M =U'^UE$4
A;!J*I29'QK.HH__4LP^3$3']2QG8U&%#W!X-M\+E.  -P
#
MO$BN 00

MX-8D%YPD:K@+D%_$O
-TPS1/UF%Z

%
M%3

*J?L$!#&#_M[6'+4$*!PM !_AO=IQH=AT8AO%W$J

&A-
M@[SUK'V@O:/9K)5CL;]7HZ&FWE+IBP&=

!E


M/3G/4QZN
W)^V:?DZ'&]O4J3QZOH&8?K/

M



MLJD]8'+D2Q^3B 9$S
S7  _&5HT%$@US$
FY%1IR)
D087A(0/1Q?9Q1/#C;



) %HS?=U






M(/.QK_4KDA[CB(VT0FRL

$04#'
9I;;72_IHH:LJ4U
M




MD&RB..)-QP]QDBRXYCTG0H?

_L7(

MG]H%K*+'-+M\

K



X




R\_2T&I;



'=LLL=6' )NZ

9)DP-JI



MH]=F3!C^$+W0?!NYI0P!N\\;'V:]2@970SI]WCG$1K\T;+U\4'6O4( T?*($


MJF$1 48U-
R.RH9QRNY.Q:[+=VA%$
5ER;&:_YM@\VOPR#



=WA/-)AT1..0]J+A=9F(]S12FW%4T!.T&2X# =A

M@P7^EJ]D6R*0]B'?
!J0TAF*T]*V 1SW:F;$4#]CFJ
AN9Z!OML;*9&5)
YM

TT&'EP



RPG+ZRMF%)7U^@


MZ=PL&1.EDJ;O/E)4T


ME6FF^4WP2E
MJ-2\YJ_0/%M6
'C]D!=9L-%XEXEDP;S*+-/1\2:3:$)XD1D8






/MHF820(#2



MCCX.3S-%AK

M+DH&E$X*Y5[M-


.B3+:(\*MSI:P-R$[RR:F]T
M-\8GYWJ[#L.HS)=@


M7U6DZ(%XLCP_+#0K!G$UI_
BNF=6*IK*'A#W
%OH@T7^;_'^0'M$Y/@F2Q^S



M;^+4:QT)&5H*Y[$MO&*ND+U +J33KG!O_7IC9/.#S$N)P*W8X_5VWY=2V\
M9Z0/9%ES3U#+N.8B[MZ^YN6\;V(E_=J !N(.N3;P -\!G M
1M&])&G# *5@

MA)P!MVFVH^%6OE/5)MPKH8'*I.N9;]5'EX.Z+XRNXZ-?TZ&!K@X2L*GWB[$_





]* .C6903[Z]7PH!JI14(D#M/MP(\/H]((SG!7$
MB/X#O]:#*;MX:6#=)PP

EYE!B@!05( !KB1^+X]88
=3J.$;4C9J77/R=!P



I
MF27'N:;J7U3;D.51
6Q]/L7.@1B8_@:K9XT.5-2O+63 U _6?/41FI[
W7

1!Z[
-
O42
LX3:(
5_-I!K8U!:(X=:1T
$ ZE2V8#9W*A$SE*Q:=YAOTB#Q=_4.:E;^B<.]<?U
%
M$V_
=VJGVHE#E7+P=KRL1CP8UUL^4T&$)23PA-Z]
9]L



.9XOX$-\)ZX5)Z/I374FA*RGU.0IP)#3]I(9)J/X=OLFB#

9_BG:1JDO.LD/ZM+.9=QJ'=SKSC.?)SF=.88P]UDI23O% !VYW


1O:)R^ZS+3.F;9B
M


LF+C)73R*^+)YS=
M/P5).65_9#GLK?GZ$$39(OYR(C-'YD%GF?I9?.HD3H['R\X@YB+12UYS5^ +
M


R%1



TUK3I3^+!:+%:LH*'$D;K3I?@^@/R\L3HH



MTTLB#
YR?MUT3P:7M/NV0X5Q/S9BB1[$!

M2^


A]UA4[Q


M^W%3V(A_S'Y)J.^\Z$%7
LYQ^B3EAU09:49Y.C\D4(=]77^:C'ND.RFKZV
MZ

S^H
.M_GW


)8VV=^#]=.:






M_1[;2(!J=ZT%=KJO-ND'S&2[Z(I&F)X@,Z?*BJQ1[';Q3VMCP__DR6IBMU

;:&BNT%F:%^@C+IY2
MFL10[UE6S/'QV(SP:QC7/M.$T#@)2C/T2.#GBXJH8SD?@X+^]I]VVZ'ZMYW
MVXI5N7%3O$6L*DPWS/.R[?F$5=H$B_A0(



4XIL.
A
M^T&@Q7[Y4789 1]8KE-13E_K'_\]PAE1[Z?7*_Q
K$0=;#9%AMD+VXDF;H7-
M



X[U'

M5.BCPW.BRS:%#B4R7_K=8!3R

M!7:I6& ^- X _.Q!6=(:M @ MU*HC:WY*\A*



MH$ +BH;MUH(B@7._HB9Z/ME6=X[T&IBSC5-R_=+A9N P
/1DR1_5%SM6A#
MBM_']


80X[5B

M?R


6
M4N$9=0@PB\VP.)HX9VOL@
L6)E+S1LPDB]*T
H1
&Q20]9M8-DYR?(H3
MO(V*RZ0@AQ56$(O\;1TS#OHN?C05J&#S*&';$6@K$@!AZ1'\2:*\K!D'W=:5

MR\O
/AKJ?W38$^&!)1+^[_0A7V^*ZRV!_
(7SA?;+28,/C=R
M42%O,;4CPAIO^%9\P'9:<4TN'4@C+RV@!73.0ME& \QXZ2(?F(&LLZ]Q6P\
M]_




\R(CO5<SL.%) Y8(FB-VJ(S2COL0Z.9[#]-Y*2J
MD\VJS!RA 11&;R4/C:!?*KK+Y,,8G'3FGP1?C-8T[#F(Y8,I&H4N!U #<PT
MRM:Q)8=!16MS


;0@*U&HM;








:DXUN_CN$V8RX?=SI_M-VJV^R5V[7U/M+


F^HM)4NE




30V8L
M



M:249[WU$2]R1[H#1\-GR!0;G-W)&_&B













(P=
M39.N+=2^$BI5@6U8-P$K[I.RBI@'Q:.+NOJQ:.!%Y VFP
+R(5O \+R0#O


Q/OOWW_OOR7_&0?9_9=TXI345/RVVXZP8\RU).&ME;;XF\$X*3UB

MQ[?'X==?B3.



Y(512JA=3NI:2/Q(+(L3
MV\=^# @@L0LO[O0-9^/LD&6F66/#1+S6[8ZH(U2[I.K9K?8FZK8OES/SR([


EQV^;


PT2'A8=-HC.6@
M]YNSV*A R'


OMWB?9@4.I4T!S%#<:Z^I&)4R#\$[U6TS9GK*4Z&A!@]5B$ =
M!6:09F4ECKOM\#T9X'HK5 K7-+!2P,)L=;6,BQM;*:#S;:R&BWZ9P#0FVG=



M

MB/KC2

O_U_4$L#!!0    (
M .8E 9%R\&X$@   =7!0 4    ;65D+3(P
3DQ
C
Q7W!R92YX;6SM?5MS
MXSB2[ON)./^!I_;A]$1
=5GRO6-F-^1;M7=LRV.[NG?.2P5-0A:V*=++B\ON

M_^


3D]/OZ1_14TC^$N4?NDF





PG;3K/26-ZG[
M


MIYCX)_N]I3XM]98WJ1N 8!8A#8+DM(!Q6]XU#R-Q:0$/. A2_TSL
 :A][$4




39@GW?7=OQ#






M5UI3TXN;KCO@:(/U

 GS 39&!-T2D@U89=CGZMO]4+P4N]


D.'?Y6QCCS^SM[9WN69^M8J#RCVA0*QO5
M*@^;3AY-'^WOE2^D^WT0
@2*?O&=-NO)

M.TO









DXBHYYJ;&R(S81(+^2GTGUS[

M.[;SR5
.UTW-C9*? (F%_.J.E8VZ)L
BW)'JG5RV
DI:;
H*(=6='GI[OQX7



HN0YE6 2?7ZQ[=<
?

MX:)%TM/

MF




#5E




MCIV93





MR%)EW*U6&^DK.;H0ZM+CH*N'A;J2^4BES/.
W%RB7VNK'0(X!$F2/@]IAFCK

M807M'W3@T#N9AY46]/:Z)2FR3[D5RS;H#S$U
?3Z!R5J5^=S?H.DWD=G0$BV

MVC^W7V&






V4E3B__
M1MS$H2_ CVC@:FZ\@U




-G&^
M=/4U:*RV4M)79J@8T)HZ;R.PN/G0RRL]/8#$D^E/V 2G#;:-0&O-%T





O)(

 /WZ=IJ1$E^\@

/:Y6P&''0RN7Q'*\Q_ 0\(]U
?
V;B


MY.[KY:-U?8?^
#W_QZ_3FXO+A\?_:UW^\]OUT[\4YY+EKBM+V'HHM6[VQXK\

AJ=*BH\UI+-#5L]FSY)*MV3ILNC


S2D X5WOYFPJ83]8:8# \@1D81<_MT(?^2T3%






PQH-*V_R@61-DN-


)$
MJ)F]1GOH?]9G:S4




MACNEVAD
#32N:Z#2L-9J7&LYL)J7@6OD
?0+N4
56F-U2H

MA&:B5CD(BJ7!AFA/]U!7.:ZWZ2







FM8?%E_92E

]



AP-%
MV!W[WJS=:(HR:]/#F^M+ W#ZJ:=NDHXK5TP^*T#]
&68877/N('TFJ!/GT


MM?QR53'W[!^2HJO*#F?URDOU4[G5A3HZA0%=1)LE0$7V?M5$-+\9:50P?*



M@G2/Q=-WX
!H3V


%$&;XH0QF=7[S/YK!12\X'


M5V248;JGX06

MPTT 

.+(H[
M)^761M,L [%YW2/-S:M<.E:?B%74.R) EJQTW.J%OYX!@P\#C%X#AT(;ZF2E
M[E:/B(87DAD#._X.;L/'.=RS 

Q70)^A<KBA






H_

M\
$
NDC
M)-O#J6NOO.!'J0Y#[OI^J:O *<R]5\RSK




M!VH5BH2B8/(8

R?J#N!K,[=]0M3/\%O?M0U4DA&IK#

D.K </;5#2R=AU['3E@5$V&B% $S1;P(;E6



Y/3GZ*D=:EJ*




3I[%0Z34''AKSY2OP06A[

F-- FD2R$[2)D+M9Q:6I!MB!M:%#;AXU6L!CZX61E<5TA
MIF;Y)A+$@-PD_SH#

MV R
A:YJ'LH*3]%B
=02IE*!6VMM.
CXZ.WMD=:&-TT0



M: SMT,%#^UA1F:*GB\,9$LU]

8Q)5QI55\OA:#P^&I*APT&
M(5M
1FF1%HY'Q&MM]9


+!_W+@A=#VR!'L
M#6VU6Y4<0FGT.3)
F0+3Y6.EQ?\75)_;SM_V]97M_TC)T6#(:4/!IHPP=
M)3+(U:N$;6



M.LT X(



M7:!U)+2BU(,ZD0;G/@'P1-DK3#S^@ER4CU!4@^8VWJ/#Y%YQQAA[ZD#4%!

.&@K
M,@'A,Z@WY!R@W9YZOETU6 X(&(K@X!I'*9=T8-%J'T#[ C@B#AF.6W^
5H-L




M^PXB +Z!E+YZ]@JN/D8#H#T'#*DYC6/[



334N<
M%W


MX&Q(04B81&
;[58KBZ/%+1D?);TL-!5J_P[$USY:A.&_#BTD8;P?(+JZZ!



1IE!3RRW0%



Q-L
\2 





^F

MY?&VJI0VL'+6/KA;(!OB:0]5.O58!VUDE?[?;^A(N'Q73D6^I$]L.=;[Y**D

M.HIM#MR'T $/F
4WP0\09C_!!216\^[QDUN._4URM5@.P\_X+Y5UWUY?-[T&
MUCZY6P

6C*)9

MI'@/VBT:)1PN%HUYM[[1O0UQ=.Z3_8Z?_\\##X=8H5\T\YL&?\&AMAS*
KA5

MN49J[!V7J;Q&FP



)EDI L4DWD4:GX0%N
4CF\

TT8&5[%80S .


M]#K.Y R6E7W8

M$5^0







DE.&?*?.I

MK25EUBP(+4R;M2+.*JBS
'E_M5)BK!4U5DIBP^\S
O^:?@%3:J6D6L\?5HE8


J3KA9TBW+'W^%($2

H;
MLYS\;7HNS'*MU2FB9MX4&D


5S;_E3-4L/F2580?J@T
$95L'AW1N&+(=88*I
%HUT X4TF7:K%.V  0@


MA:37N



M63!39;

NOQ[W8=)E!E^G*KN.$+[&






MQ6N#)[%C/[W3%B)(A!.]557:=)+U;+(R;*568VD'L^[&DCP^&*.?UE@BIJ?X


? I78Q@^)_OX[14OTI8=C




M:C=5=X#;(5CM90HH1

T_9

M/&3$814?3&\R\?B6[;O6\J/+7QMTH5E-K+UWNG]XHCC2H9J-@77WRXOE-1O
M5)?@J=8:IE'*E,)WOACS-TI@57-3SV(9HW@*-L#.2$.&/-

O;VX%$7XRIG,;-H&D\IY2Q%QMFNZ%&
M9D%O1=:T0-53D=0PPO$P2#AS,3C5^V\/CCAI[WH!J_MN6205O_011U-_H;@#
MI'F,[8&2 /T]I/;4$RI'E[^RG^A%3
2&6)[H

A@X36 7JT8;<4@
(L*6 X]+N/9N8T




./3$2A7$)'^A?
MZ]A O_K^@'T+#5M@Y6_:8:#]'L:FB_+:4*ZEPR^?QA6[]E=M9





\;J.!#9TR5'DK\PX3WL(ROPC/0!
MSR6RX6+@.\BRFV9K*[A

M7O#CVI\%X2)__R06!C7F#8
J9H!+K9?G8.%)6'@65FD:NUBI-GO&O?U!JU?4

T!





Q!*;


#$Y
3(S
7@Q
&MA8C8U-C$N:'1M[+UK5^K(UBC\_8SQ





 2WV'7X.[UEZ



M#C\O7:-J]D27YS\

(.I+B^77#@ILUH^R8F=GMO4K(Y1LHNY;A*7

+WFX+F$6MG[,LO!:72*\'
M]MJM30CNVQA4$C:P!5%TY* XTSP;_ZTTT'I/%]^&


?3

6H



MISX[\U^_UR]^P*#HN&-71T6GY@Q!9X+++#)$$$Y)V5#



EFORYI:-O+R

=?W9%[
4M?_7CWEABIQ\LJ7)SE8Y*
MFATI/IZ-I:19^NP
_*
E]K[0(



[  T7ODZ(_0E4[$/:O$_;&6J8QE(NF

M+@Z$&6K#L9[
3 RZC5[N#^=O0XDCN%@3V_






MLVS;+K%L!HPM#+[;Z]'9;71\/P/%N3^[OFDU4YE.:'U4FVSZ5^RXK^ *^+6B
M]:=LP95KLC/0[8'H5O/)*W%4ZLS#EXX8)K80.I3XM8+UIRB1.)'C5S?5FTOQ
U9LE
K3
MVD%YV!0ETINC1'I/;KCTKE6+YO5)JE
HZMEV[%JZFDPGU8MV.;0H$4+58A]6






:S]NI



M(I=79^&ML]D%
!9X]00:80_@;&+

MFHXC




M=:K\ F-1IT7UU+C

1Y\P-G=T0
L;RKO/^]L





THB(_7XG


JZSR+1%U4RI\0R

M+W/32FV4


@




1SGG
M(=_)B-71V+@OF*FNT[@\G/G[R_ 8'&/0A(IQ$\J
N^G;Q^@H-B*GU9B8)EE]





MI-*93)Q[LQ/Z0Q[-VOU




<S)6(.+'DRU!19]W-
M+F1KKLN&V@P,YY@T'+&9:U_EQ?/(_5EZXI9*M5KHO&HX'^'9O;'TC#6;^U)Z
MV),4[W8T]J@V,OKUJ#,OG.G31U)L[U\;HO\^TH9N-#NY4CA\3'7UF[+LTR*




M3PZ;9:O4&:7*-\9]H3%RJOO/XP@KS;B&QL#6AC]0$S54V5*[-FV$W^VUB')K
MM
6!U!'3A8GI-
\N'Q:P&E



MS0]B H_MWI'*W4/\6E:E3H\TC


MLDII U;XS]_P+\%VYCJ0V%A^B
PTU1G^B(KBOW].9%75C$%$)WWG1^(XD5Y\




^MMNF=
GO

M!V;NJ8*_Q+I_P*G\W.+$Q!.3%U=6I]WASF/?C]YU2SM9ZF X?_
=14X/[P
MBO_\*Q


MMW_:U7)+*@C-5JXE-?_^WMOGF6RQK*:4;S?*K;+4%'+5@B!=YT]SU9(DY&L7

B@  *^3&Q2&1FR1.XHY-KGI:KI5:M

M1\7(.8/@THIWA )WK@WJ^_P%'J)J]D27YVMZ)I!(CW=5$9/Y[]K!EH#-!G
M

1S6
MEAH






[E#_V[+S!WB2+D]L\L/[(XCP*=^=R)R?LNN8WA?


M1_L-I/OYD*!\W#AN'@N\[LP2ELE/J)K'*T?]!@KY:+ZU'A




MTVX[-KG1.MW



)YO&Y'&IWV:;=7B&3CK\6[$U%Q:]7FKW6JS6ZW



Z56T5+N[UR9M3:P^5N]FY%Z-7*Z+

M5Y):1;X]Z^4G;5=ZN'
OKY7+6B+7C3U]NU)IC.^OX^.S4=.N36_:\W2ZHP_@

_\E;!4^BC[)2?E:9


 ;@


3:ZKHT(L.\K?52X*B<'\NA2=@9W]6D#A0BJ\
M


M!ERH@B!438/LS!&\MEL;*AT2J?0FPO*D  BP,\C06/+.3J:[8@S.BZY$1
M6'APAD2V874J_&[Z



L7?D-6?39



@TT__6Y0*;$






+#
F3/T?CX&)8C0E5&' XUS

MH


MR$;NIZ7(Z+SG]$Z&[?+
/5V;0V@.K\V674ZYHDS*2;


M+-'UY=GR@FTI

6UYOH&;6D]U];RP?X*RKX'_WC^



31N3
MRQW]3GCG01Y+J?::A\-H1P[]+6S.SQ\F  9(UTC^1.'%[F\?P[%%8?8M-L
MXS][


MQ;D4?PF U?0.&G_J8^X)?&W3H+$\ 0;_H &A$=CQ'R^S$4Z@11I]A5?@8#I*






 & K'X+2L/=FJ\UI
TG
M+P7A9*Q^UR.Z1J9/WF83



2 :^8429A9CW]9M!02!<[1BV^ 2]&S.P 3#0Z8D 2!; %MG%
M37_- D,(?WWUL8':$TNS1P ]%QYD(6/T=?#@;BA(\$95PVZVKDYOA</%1Z(
M@/?H!@;M#M92 \P#8PE9.! *7



M
O:VHZ7@%/: $D8U9WQG!-1NL-E_]+4'H@8U
$^'Y!E[2[%*?EEFLJ[IP5:+

2(*
M_$-1!P
T%$


MK
'46:S\Q3*.=84RFQYO,37$!9J%E,E:)AT/,&9F295MQE2V1/?-J@)^,
MEP,W^GWQFPNR^5J*XAP9$.V.YE@[&X(
OV &;\M9@R)K*-@ EU/I7NV6;V]
M3H66HLO:V
9  :*

 TPQT&WA#Q




S1M$KB'9I
(


=.:=12UM\JR#J:7

0?1QYADHY@@G;T_ZP$'-;V)=OE@-
MA
;B58@F7B:+_SC46G#=5
71
5-=1T

MD42F:);BCK$.0F&Y1&S7


_YV2S=6
(;





M;QI-?!VJRS7*S?-B+M^J-9K=;#(C1F
?1GJY+T5[X8!L
$+PM8@P^H6H\*1=





(UC44]3<UK4?#5I'+RZ]!\[K(-JF*Y
ME6N5KR1 0?A8X9\\/\F'T?R72F
(*:0O:5]IA_780OJ%+W3O\\(Q!1IXSW0=
M@2OTF SQM6@Z+GX9FL[X^M]BX 3@6[-=KU?HIUSCYJ-H.O.52#JD@%Y(YN9R

M);^.X9W-Y6O55J-602RDF0
%&IQ






M4
)N(FA/?C43\E
+PF4LB_K(E:]=U*5JD^E0R6A






):


M!$]QV)OVLD8W0
D032=0

4




5B.A$HE
M[SU+0DDUL32;^

M*R!_?66=Q46@5* AL]84E5HX GEB$COV:_$MC.^B?H.-&=B@U#^;6%\V




M ]04RS60?E1+

M%
!K#]F/]M@$;8C*-/ISCWV-T+=-=X);1I7DZ4'22S8Z2PHGVP/4
JVA@J=1



+!J2X3!W!8=.S[$5J=H





M

M:..'A\T3A[#Y(6R^_[!Y )S1*/4\[0J$ 07;Y_%E-#


'I4+V\!^$&0I**UB[MB=4
M034Q T$=2!N_R9E@&=@C&!K7+?C3Z22G?G+J%*(FHH-#, 7QYN^Z7E=M#=G
M+A;\!BP6PQQKOK:4

_1P2 T#-

MRY38E9&'N$K?Q+





MS:-KGD/UB O*H4:FWE-0WJ&GR_-_(8


M%HKC^!Y1N@^P*H!N5#&1

T3U2/FXEWDIB)Z_I%]

\F(9X-Y8^MPXQ)TW.R+
^P


M7F#!1]9;%8-\-JC)4[*=$0J!#!QU)/(P(?,'AI3B_ E#[QMSW?]P.,.O\J
M&0




Z^D


ML;^1)G0BJZREX;$@U'64O

QTM,H*+.7U:7WD.3X=RFGA=:J^;5:E-7)@U#
5
;\T[P(L6;N&YCP=2(
MDQ(B\S+._ERD-C]IJW3 J*^


M_Z5YC K$3JHW18W2/MHL!9&'



MB*V)^0V^LN_S

R+1


M _T&%A
]S@H]GM[&*2V:84F3# /H$
5Z G-1:$])WCXY C=X[1I98\(
NW
ML1))B&;327HZ3T(T1X%F6\[
C#A##1/..+3V$X KX4^JKH85.'AGG6A',Q

M%LX7'^K12/IH3;AL**LTXL273P_0R[0\%D[F_$;:+Q4.B^8YD$5[OH(&Y*HI


OCZN
M:V/E(N+%8NE_1+.BS\%8 CWVF?4Q+V+Q*8A/PQL_&:]!0WK@)]\O+K.==;WJ

MTU'84T(S6#MEZIOPVABR/US%N'=W 0;V)#WG_;



ML''9\K&6&O[&3E_ $%@/%:1'V2_OAO



4R \EN^'DX0E;TRU)6+O;Z@O/\'0YJ[#4%FN$]85:

9U@Y=9^D_
D.Z/]'Y=+3M'&_[P3RZ*]R/(QT]9@M.^.+N/(
M&(9O++3G8=1*[X5%KQ!^(%N.=]H*,^#DREX+C1FAX^?0J3U:4!UOP$!WP+T




^&!AU8CPS61V0_\;VR]TZ^
^L=3E7]N2M'
M_@M<JR<;@4R#150;((6M84P6]/(Z_B450V^MJGFS&Q\@*M%48 =ECOAH@F+

PN) /ZA2ZB1J8P]#ZVJE$1UYB(AW!1S5N;:6=[)- TNK4
M:3^@Q)3




(
E&O0ZRC@?GN&VQ'P;X/JTFO^%(VW#E8K;\Z
MK



?/$?%\WHCS12C3 TD'!4X7A-5/DJ*

M-Y4:C)K



IEWS[TS#
M\]%3K

M%YXT0
!(5


7^S)KD?Q!Z-ZL;KQMMX.*


MR&C#L






+^<KWPP$]G0%JCDJM00

M\

4'CY%&H6
M1^/Y#\QSU+-



+.GQ
X?_/WKLW-8YD^Z+_WXC[
M'10]9^9TWQ!NV[R[]YP(FJ*ZF:DJZ@U.^:OME*@Z9DR:
'%/O3W_7*AV39

NY25RS(0). BT-EUBFG]!Q((MKN
TB^[?GD


_J#-N+YJ;_X!N=7T+4#
M=^%


M=XETY+2CYIXE7BM+D!&)38




WH=7?XY_@R-^E\_ZZTP\0O7N,75A
S8A


!.-F]$LU@Q-?^J
(BFX8RKA8=0)+


G/\]N#L/*2CQ75\].QW9K
M&0*&C7%S7CA;;=NLRD:5I4:P=J7TJ4=',E$E4@F%14EPA(FK YH?-MSZ

8/ZC6AAML4LX4%L\WJ\=Y=_JU]'S]:M/\I.]I#3GASF-G
MW29


M+_B0!]0.K^176AG)E3G@(2W$K+;AM;=B[]G=TBW!
YP8T.U7T5L0S'2*'GJ#


HX;0_Z
*C)N\)O:\R 5;

@P!YW(&O&&DGT5
IK1^




M83* )3V) _&






M#(/9901



MQUSE ,;PHIJ-W GZ=.


5QD(;S#E=05V3-W[2
3H\0'@CKBZD:4FS$:3Q$GAR2




M0V!0WRE5=OI/L

NKD)/$0=*G(DT1YH1/*1MV2NSQ+&W-_

/[I%._?[QJ4\MU'_ _*)'ULA)C*4%S G&<58E09+!BR[(T</%I

M\3$P09][4]07P8&3!P/:_^@D M^^.= )J[#C.6^PUK72SNS!19&




/

PXF.8QJVI:(^7@L=0;*W*Q:1''39.;#O_5&\9OCB-PX 6X
MGQYQXU2C&(KH.(11*E.
S;&412E-@7$

M9I


D5TD9:J1/[$F%^-DY$;R($$4K3HIN=.]NL8$ -AJZ@*EK/&:

M$9

ME(T
B!!Z3'G/F&9!73&FN2

697[GNP]YLI6Q?3 ;G.X
MG!-HVZ$A097G7XM+RCXA]08BQ*X0



E%U8Q
M\\?0_VV90:LR17$:MCUOBC#R2&)

OT(LT97KR:^=BPG1F











M$)E

M!CYOX_

@JZG[&BN.%WO9W)804V=BJ7U)SVNFTQ

MZFK'=?

X1ISPO-
/&PYR-3

\-6^]D4B:8 /C[C

)+T:LLLE-I'CR*^$TN^ZU!M'

MZXHA1[\1*(Y
%#
#JKG^5U5N$ O/Q\8M
=*0(B)8S?7_F:X00627$5CCME5
MT==(3YQEJRZRM
K/;#74;/-B&*U));






MZ\2\



M#*8MO9]6V$!G?PQI_^W@\)_O3GY?62M(PQ)V4AP )O,@ 8;.W9D!S!'@84


=@3%5
OEDA Z0DYI=WAY


^5

1[JCMY_?'?RKZ,573FWL=D7HI^ZUID;RJ_@7/=WN[K'RCS

RK/#L[^=79^]/X
?-FW
H@ZWB% UEPX-=KB$37E'1%R&L\E(J<L=I
M7L<+DD4T;Q3-JERH; NFRRD%BL^C]^B%(



M &'F(\S0


M+(IG9P='P6#/J7!AQ#*$A

X:SP





MY$EU)LD:;##GXW2)8W6OYM.(8-V($*XNTM7_IAR=RKD);\K5YH%&)L:'CF\L

$
8@[V1I+][
M:RQ'/C+/Q7O#=&N6S%Q+LK:-D&(3ZM)M:S(;!
_O3L*',OZZ0;YT7GK
MC$*.84]J#-)F;X1AL'X+8_9-0:VF'?9P,!P,^T-A,/!KU.P2'3K)WNJ::?N:
M'[<&_9^[;W!QEY_2W_/:DJY=_3EU4U^^7GGZ^OKWM3:62&5?? %(-O'<Q

(OI:NMIGAT=
MND:5 ]#+BT!SYUF; ;]C7^&&CLWO3%FJ//W_QNV=V#^NK?Q3_99L$3;U97

$[[-I@_*
M^Z#\&@?EEQ=P@= [)0! 

3ENKCO'K


61J7P\
2E^'A#_;)^7Z,.(&


%3AA
WR8TWZW= T:R@L_
MNRI0X#N/1&ZFCJ@T _%#J6Q7XE-
G%:\\$Z3:)W!G1)'(?$D8G+L0Q^&]
!6

M:\4GG/
]TI[(Q'6WQXIN!@L3
\+ :862YLR!Q?13:S+$+Z0M*S*SM7=%KM &

9^;9Y:6SR^\R
MF0+3=_D4^



M9!9/5AB2I
'

0O?A=O.#WDA$XVA5_ #SPH0U=)FVZ#!CA=


M8KDX

;EKJ*=FZ\L9
CJ5Q-7H2
MV'W*/4(&03

G& C:ET6HEDL'$K;





M/:Y1;P;XB#L[B__N'E7#R .^.&


MQ!KD)?XM&PPL!0CS'&R@@YMP
0YVLJ1W;)EGL^-XI:8J;LTIE30ST=
;V8(K

M[0&$-6@JPIM#%UU$XPE,VD+@7%+;SNU].XEZP?@REQG6+F/8G2QN#+.XJA'
M9&]*=PEY(H@?@AF^ELE2!(^-A26)$^
K*+NL)]-!1+(66=ILHRA;MPDYH7D

K2A20WN



M!?

33Y.
MR!;5'?2-?C+7[&KT)?OFJ]=0QYQ&H[S0G.1[:%XU+\A$

MW

1CP])WSQ&OEB

M+] D8JQ9BS!YQGAU3(0JW[XW^UQY_AI%BLMJ#HUP;-SHZ3
BK!BO2VPNOE

MX


Y<$H6:-.<2*
OR([9NPBNBEZV(?)K$\X*/

Y=9\M(&X6@EC&DBNZ@

7.V%*\4ZY4-X
M0E
FPI\)$N$&_/]RBCJ;)@D-A$51*]J.EV#'13'WG-5^C[%!WUG46JG-
M?

IS
%
M] 3'B2)0&^DH!=9/I16('DBX?81%=X$#5ZD;,*[E2?#3#?5X@NIR+YF<(Z%


MQXS#G5!1\YV@/2%

KI

FZ$9=L9?5=D%\L+L

H(QQD[!#1RS!


\ JB6VOC#?D;SK&N^Q^J29?L:






M?!



M$




M9K\:B(PBT!0\@O^]R/6DD1*QPC)'H'C'@NSGQ+7L1HC!RCRM)2)@RU#I2:TK
M:9(4TW).:3KJV.9%YE# 1$-IW8YR&4KI+N&
)C)WO7'M:7;GHR#@7BG:C3IW


 





M -0I :D*G&_A#OY(TILY3V A89UTUR.K[5\;J)9E/JEP[$*(8-0Q_TM/SS)X


S0LJ6R 733:XR@\KV,W7NO]9+=2(<*0AO

MU9\E[
Z8:)1^D+3G%:XA ;MZ%DFC79\T\DFCYY8TXLOAA__C^&Q\3[4FVL[-


4V\G;%ANNQ[LIU@WGZ
M.@H7.XVM*[1I%W!I5?8EP]HW(@89SZ+=\0)RP)[QOM!S=#K
/Y=(-F;B5$B)
M&8C3A2@#UF@TEO4[R3R#TZHKLBE!0!B([LTE(U\19A\=#Q(%IU&Y$_=9-4K;

M)J@%S)EJQ@N#I
%2B%&O

M8&*)M=X
.5M3E8:1=-=\4::(H^JWLH_O8P4_MK'?R



_Q0@N7\?T;
.!8EXV8DA:+CO/:NDHLHE/D%
M6!MQA=L.G<(PKN-SV:.PF1METH6E%0L\I=Z**
.@J!R5A+4-8H2I]_$-[;8
MJOOX*
X2=X]F?4ILWF,AB7Y0\5]!.N,2Q=6:\.96G
M5]QH0,G4%DW=,94\3:\$3[H41<HI%S/\W,E+$Z)N22<(W9KSO7JD*L;<S])

:TFZ





MM/YE/5Q3Z/D8!]%M+'P1VABTUH:.\EUBM@'(M



M5F5J74*502
]N1LM(TVN;U*+;!$NVN5Q=UA%DG!01'?SH:. XQ73I+S4ZL0$

AH@J#I6US
7=T#LQ9%MDP (DYH NNE











P^J54$H3M/ XN#[O(N2!+3&E&M0F2LEWF;
^7
M';!738\%;O1.8=5UW:9NR3A@AK:*F


M
Z4 9H4?1'WK$8)_2I6&'Z+$?R
MTKE09:9<4M;6Z2C&EL9MBWA&^N1+0FT_G%S,5IZY%M'2=QH\.K8*-/SD^T%
MZ=QEK486-:XE*[W@$FA&LO'V$Y;HJA%?V/H3/?./M(
$(THCI*YZOQX4 X





)_K*9C\MXJRT




^D9S O]=%NI


RW@I3?NQK(%Z;:G0M

M7'


MTGXVQR;PE5J/MK$K:?3.87?KE3*


M+

MM#:[4!DL+^4.@LMDE%2E@XPNY5Y2E8L=Q0EE\O H&E$=5U4PC6S(3I6JG*0
M.?4H@)XQ99Y2H4.D&55V AAVKC8

M7Y
9.YHP3:&(BLV(M-#IJ J;H-V


6!.L%QD-AQ7:^EF
E*1A/'CE&_2
M_D5WT?;W(S(H6INJ49&3!;6F3Q.QVS!'$MF2I912E4J!E12]Z20D2:@GIO

84'5R-EUC5N^D6B^#H-$=L*;ES%\-N6$J-MD/BH




MM@A)J=XL7)#






%7TY7K7BB$*49!(\IX8^X)



_A[!B:3@0)TB(KB!<QE!M U$5#HCB%YD3N*SJR)


B^_
M@*X6E6/A8L4#*^?7*1
T



M*B_T% ;Z#*RBY-G 4HS1/13;G1DR56UQAW3$]S-.) R#A0EWQ]:G7PRE[6



TYF9[I;Y

M2V^4$+S




DCD-XNA2

M_9HH?Q97K1 3LO-R:JCM!E 8;C*-1NR=H'+D&=DP1&M\,6(X[N;*K[+-N%
MVZ2-@D]G;[@VYRW\UVW



7*Q6U2

M09
M)P+NO[RY )E2H::F F:

M4=D)C-0AI3Y&%UW)X^MJ]-#KA7#J=#4IM
;MHE;:T:6[S.%C;B/HO4T\G
MGGSJZ5FFGCH#-_,!ZM;( BY,1$_KGPR'=1J%@9&



MGPFO'EO$NF#V@'&T@3N'L$I^J#H_ FI=06%DI$J1UX@[%6++$@2.O8+8%S


FCFV=:!T

M0.NPE;EV.4W/T

20Q%[UA3G!G
M]I0EJB(N1N1;0P-\1QE-WXIB4KTUM%L;9RH?&Q4@)G^&_L1E7*-/]119SC


''TY./
K.M4BDPH<$C5-!/1F_,9OVW(RL-\G)U;
MM-85*7HNX.
R4IKM$.-B.&A(UW7W'W7(DMZ
BH_R _#.MVI4U&A&#/O#'7E$




U)6S$C


IB*S3ROT'6%#P

)_B!F@;3T]T8$]_D)-Z.9)N.P+7




M9P&O

*:
RY;3\9?
.IW

MX/A+2$L?NV63E:E&
V(N8#A]R7*738^.FGZ/9B9N^Z&+.LH3P6&G.)K!?Y8
M78('2:/]WJBQFIIW\U!2+CAO]QUQAWO=
?LE

MQ_




9@N!
.
MAGTSLKO5\LGCZ@D3*-;8LP9*68.):L CPK-$T&[$JL52@RKZZL!0(KX.-@H3
MHO





]@K1


MXRX?&QC50B_0@
D+7 ./5RH$ /I&10AB33
YLXJ&6=)D8@UC



@*1]^!V3K34*T@OWO!1_SU[_AKC0A3!F]Q0G 1_%80

S0H]6^M.XP3\9F/[/J!K3PHX;

-Z-8YTB!


M/)L\.9OL/0












/,^
M;7U'OS?8]8SH&?&I&1$#$YX1/2,^.2/N#GN;_FI^]8SX]& K6WP@%LA #VJ
M^J%G\#H?-)\S&!S#V]/XH==U_Y5$01+__8?/:CP:[^SNQY\W)[N;G[?VQMN?
M1]N[ZO/.=KRY&^]N1_V]77@GSK/D;QR?'[W?.3MZ=W1X?O3F[?&'@P^'QP?O
Y!%Z4V9T
SNM^:U

MEE

E;G!4Y#IB.A=(XTQ
'C&=JK








VSFJ7T6AGK]D.Y[LE8


?C
?);C;)Q/L6A-


M;[=XYO3
^?3

M#(-
54$^P7RV3]$]68INI:

M*K



9JH(RLNH4+_\U\\C


M#]^X54QGC4
WW(I_GE=1&HP6- WX[.B]LZ


MR\N7EZ\U()5ORU^OT





M)R!8/?



5^%_:V/\G_:3B







9]31E&0Q'__







M58Z+9
1?#
&E8
CRN232&CVJ



9L5U=XBF0]L!7'-2P


Y4E&UD49 ;=41925P%QTK.JK
M&F.V

C!L@-&#& 94],B*8%]C :!V0R\,T2@.2(
@/5F^P;##?XLG54^++








M**\JT0( \\TL63S-TKV\19APGT:$8
DJ&E_:/2T@#D4H+#]'I;$BD+5#I$(D
M!OMB\I;PKW*2J)A]J+'9YE=[@ ESBITTF2IK2*&*Q:-#V
U&C+=+'5 OO-


MOA!=T?$ S7AH'2/+UB
T^JN$?=\TU6Z@/E;2TK&[A^P.K+
+XU'\G X%_
M[-GEY9EX?9T.U0A/MG=OG5(4
^46G


M-*L+N$9*=DB)G$BWJ(8[I$C^A[8(%XB^OS5OE8:Y#

2A0HN5

M$

M(MYE

MLH=NP.O
QC6!E



M7(R.8ED5%)0PA'K:$UON:QT#

4<4!<DD.('N[@7CX!:8**L6'1QP=\8-
M
L=5E-8FLR&/1M






M*N73


MWZ*4'(NS2T75&=8\)=_3JH@$)4S)E0XF8I22RT0*PMR_L^B&%1'?ORU]A)]O
M7P:K

MW6=7$2 )&1@9/I&2/ P=C$0PCY]:^69(

<NJMFA8(JB2<=Q)J0T$

=J];P[2I40
MI2?B2=PK^PLPYU%!K1H( 436-Z

QB^E6N1-&Z)BKDYT$ WPR@]%

;0J

PEE%KJ[07&3K@62EL$(47:

TDC E:






Q81T/P$O'*\E'UPUUC
M04,D@?!(XHE VU$/6P7@%LZ^J*/;CIOP]?L#1:C$<::)1S\G-UOPE%'^FMQ
M(H;NU*&-A3Q:R
6!RF!*CA



?JW^N%]1?[


1@\#=&2Q?

60P3V-VTQT'*$&Q1U29)

G
$C%';8!7OWD&]T^$N2S+&(6

M=]5#T0O\BI$ZA@Y
%K.JJ0
MV98G!E

\%&4ZX%G#A_\[$H_62Q,ED9:##-HD+#M\X4A\F@MR<YL[LG\VG[B<
MBJMRPQ 'AR3L)J5F S=9?)(;\O1 DF88*U-L)0=%*S/B5'0:Q9VF/U_T14F
M(2$F=UF8?G Y4D.S@P(5&:1:)ZFHZ;J[\O3'4GEB%B2S(+^%#N]%I Z%#N^&

N=M5%;88;5.;]I)43.%VR9W8.YW:56J\E[DX+&HP3?E
%#_BU/B(S_/&



*7:-Z62
MTIF8DOGX_ID=5JHU[W1@JO5MM(E \N/SFB6DY%@F]=N:M8
^T#=+3_03(RL=

MRD&S/@H[(#9


IF**L([2W%TPLB(B/$S/#D[/)(&/*9)\
M('H6P2T?3-L.J*9


M3(=M -EV


1




N=]!V8HJP;1+LIB*D^5@J

7


MBFW!%V3ZUCV7(*#)3=8$&M/8KH?JD!/QI+)]'Z5H#/IWS8)=DCZTZE56\9W
M4/H/_K2J@\U:?$3B)4%D^REV/RTA)@2V6X+E&*(3V]BI+7@1H]WW[V;=)^)%
M8 V**FV84C*E/%BEC&!:A G33AR9M4.T.Q@/;6?/SV)YF_N2BDA=W(R
=MU
MLKF#4B0L_6W+:QEH4R=!?%D$?JR+\\MLN
5^.E81I#WJ *?:0?3CK5I






MB





9YHW
)TB
-O'%:XD=L#X@4T
MP93U#!=W0=[4\AS=1(Z#6^BN3@JM'$PR#1G$J\0$




M*HX?\FE-'TILC][A?4J?H':1DBH&RNC A.'Y
-6%5'J*[93L0D+RR9Z2Y$1F




L5D8.M-)%-40J
D/__?

!^7.W@-_]4C9$Z=OQI8?F2@J
9?TZ.

]^=BB/Z3,!A+
M/0^TR_AA&L-?V+


M4)W4?I_2VF^B]-F9TN]/8.U\)?FR0O(_P9
0^7]JI_]5!\-_LN1/X9^_IK@S


01N##[C/^AH@;J;[G' _;=:KSW_\(
M


!?//LKNJB?41S]C#ZQ3YWL%NV@!Q'J&IXUH&7G)#%'?H

(F TBS6%\

ME0

C%M\FI!8]&.(\32@67AJE

MB4^-Y

MT]=

M%;-L  !'L_466'$M_.A$GEZ&AFKZB#*'
)ME4)CH?E13%
24F
%?9GW?'Q9_
M6&0ZB+B


MF@.?S@W:7!


.I
9:3

M\Y(^ GC *#*UV$SDSBPAH=E
XSET-EC+#(B$S4(;/&1.H6^RUDPM\A^2%!HJ

4]O6G]%
)&J*?WH0UC+)A;?$7:NY^)\!R3%#


MIC$NQ^MTL+D 
F)

MI*E.+T9^$EA_QMXL0GTHIO/R'%)1P[2/!O/?L;3]0.J,]5URQ9.&L6:50O


)RL#'
M_$A

2!F(S(AORTQ*6OQN

FR33M%@:%ACY =Y?%U?- '#=@VU(*DE

79.(FKBV=* PY
MI.@36)MEX6S
!80.+/6.!W)'^_'[)X;F3%07M\/MH9J2)FW@@YD(OY]+S3JZ

4O+']P-=RGBHU61&Q-;(MU/.+SAD
'Q/F!J1G6

[P%(N7+K;\@H[T25A<0_&!S0_ W,85^4BM]
MA.GTKG7L.RCDQ4%3M84]3,]%F[*/[+)2/C$)J.I<_/[&XX$QH?M\T%


M[B'0A6F4KU$2U:@DTRBF44RC?ENCZCV$W1[8IL(4B@G.9P0'#I:9E9G?N /R
M^QW)]RY^*4^*IPU:.?^OXPT7!4JFVZ(

N*NAH;I[X8]SWG^I?
34@(P73^2WJO!A3,ADFZ$SGF<X?C,X+
ML61*9(+.!'WO!3T94P3A_?W1B^



ML@H&AAH
-3Z.&E)







MPN/B\

M;.2$FZCDVES
Z\EM]N1R.-K5[.UI;0M122('$M +T# 0ZL_$6



8U;







MI/-1:8J4$V/$@75P5D%GE[YV6^YDD*@UD83X9E)IJ4T%M3K-CL(GU:22UE19


I!E*
M?XJLS0XO=MIMM=7





MXS(C[[+

I9MG1:J!5+M7HY=W%6
MCIBD3-
L%D(V0_P)T#4S


LU8NE4^ZD


JY!



MJ!TC]5B&

Q6 ?W%_5G+9\O%?5#BTL/_2\@-J

*T#


M5BOH#72.J@-''[Q2;3Q$5XH\E#EAA4,5 $;&9[YY&'Y[NB@&51/-P?VQZJC
M4Y+YL+\12:XOJ2.G9:&D7A/ / %RE3!Z('1!%@$\OHEQ
%$AWYT(J8.)BYY
MD\^:28]0R$Z%[Z
=^Q($*DCF Y_!G$3^G]58=369[X0$=.D$^/O$(JL3MT84
M_DEP92)5/N&([^.7!/OR!-)DS:[F\USX^
0G4 VR3- HP6&$@H):E1M2L%&G

MX#8=&55V#)JP





8O+!63X07\TWUEP)
C+=61F(#X8]4FVX$FVD:
MLF2(*?7B3R#8:[

?[I8IC'NPIX#34-#P*O06C#$1K6F#PT0KM^B$)5YV(8

V)61VB;QOA!XT8
M3






_#\)VSVHG:3
8Z]:5'^M3P-M+1+

5' ^P6:U<IO9HJ^'EU<)QM[D6,KDD$SQO[&:$


0;8-
M
7N


VHFL5W-L!R_




#=GWF39\X@^

/1-Y%*+-[




-A_6V]NKSCZ5:[  4*M7S?%+#U5


M+\@!:($-$YI%  F3OF9FA




MZQOA/Y9/W(BF*&8_&QIAEZFJJ('\#1[25%V+[PJC/!-P?-]I#8I/!\G\R6

MA/_4(-=Q@\)__Y.1TYE_-GZ+PN^LL[?(CQT&F8*Y
F@_FXAUV0P51LU)'BE5









M
F*S)0I2

MW_*V???0-*K]USYZ;CPC\2;?
&K0

MF6]9


M9=#O)O)$31=D)16[M9XO#I+5?GXV85W-\R=2+U[,H %4;'=8?U/CV[X&OG




D:8+8W7;=Q=&M5Q.\?%Z
M07RZ[18\ 9&FV-UE$S<K;NG#X7<W?EXH/(OPQZ6 =QT8:R=6N_EX;5F%/MR
W^Y@0CI;1$)]/4Z?72B$I




M$=*)3K(E0898F'XPI'=@ER0A5TCT3(?R;G,4G%5U@420I/$R2:DYKUE?T-9
MIX_*T0))F&M3; 4)EA
L#8A6.E9P6(K/UOYOXD.JUVG0Z'#NZ[+EK%WFZ39

.P;1-5Q.X:$/
?Z+
MD]I':_?+I%@S8KS'WA^;G



45(?L@8.3R;@Z$!

X!D:
#1@:+ ?

M''(



^O\:E $(


$U@FL T@6G@6OGF0_+JH&KT/.L9UD0F7Y=KH=3V




O]M

M3=BKM$'9[2&;TXGE?#Y@,-QG2-.BFBAPI9I$:5UDFE(1$C!-(1I-.0_=20


9-BYV4S

5AT/Q8Q+_L;V13
69BC
5


7B5W(+XT!]W'XS+T6OW-?72!;V6B5ZG4Q_;Q
WTFNDU





I%5(SV5N5V*YSO][BJAJJ$
MW




H3=$]*J=?E@
M N[;]LPC%%_?-BDB%*1@

YEH
PEGBZM.JV+A;!;.9J$(%HK8/BUVWSI@




M%.FMK&)
$-A1#0PC&$;LG=_U8S0;]!K1;G@&X5!?5B4R_W;J[-4%S!)AC!
FWH5-#=3
M*%=T
7[=YIWQ0Q546X9S)@06

MTI-S
P+5AF!W(OEN;=#?KHJY^/OJ.*]_])M 7@3QXTKXM9&$Y$5#F(GVO&+





M&:C^N=O;?ZK&2!T[_K32F804 -;/3!)1 CXA)3Z@PO]#O-?(-Y
M?8F'2.3C&3T@U'\L^(R T^1#R]%!R7[:R

;K5[A]/YX?1[FGX4O/:&IC:)F:;ZEY
MUW+UKIOJ]W.O3Y;[H!328]*G
M^R9GAN

MX;QZK9Z]EOH#MW[Y


VJAWBI4NKCEPC@]41O+1:M5ZC\]M$9#[ZY131G=9G)Q

M9




H='@W






1'[&&PI-1WK*.[_D
M


N;QW'J[;=U:Q
M
:Y7^.LGMS8R^U6

7!RXP+&_
5 9B=CWWL$

M:UZ[+@QT58H/*C?MN J&3.;H5WK1DOEK5P/SOD/8



/

M[]S4=PUVK(_Z8B_E-'[\PR@**GV-T#-[ILUB:0D+4Q]\TN'C+^64&V;K57

M3&[04T?97E6
]\?G]^E^2^RUXVTX?UO&0+

M

(/4W=.0/S?)

99H)3)_N;R!4SV
M]U#V%VX.9;*_S&B.M.SOIU$-]O







MIGEQI9B-Y%DA_F0-4R.W7#.]45.@%_DJ
4%(LA Z0X;O08:%













3DFG1EP,UL*7$RK2/7D:Q?L75N?XSKX[
M'9UDL9?53

O.V9WY


]HE?OS;:\

3A!9:\JV3^T'\

NX+





/+1K^8+D/BB%0=?F3Z[/S9
X
9O^&?3@;'M;Y@
5/C3G%@X




F4
:=F^)UQ4F^5FK=.L5:'I@FY9GOYTJM=ZHT*\

M=/V3NH


EIA6
M;D(KT[NNELJL6NZ8:;860VSO[*[M5B_OH5%%.FHCS:+5MS_Q9)%MZ;:.HXS
MDJTSOLC6MITUJ(I;]%6T=V@X;O!MZA1\:O;Q3&)X-O_'2E'Z]]$QW_KQO'5

M49[P9FRR*
]X

OD(AXRE 01X0=BWP%[1
M?


MF7H;T?[DF:44E




M4DQAHD&)S1_Z_FT:LUMA(=G/4%I#/

M/$-U41O;@$




84B_GG/K#






]'[Z;+:AIFHNMP







MK
RG
I_

4
 $



MP-


M S4=+3KV6JY%\@B1^$PUXJZ&P].R%TEE90SXPX 7)['Y_;.P

M$1 R:1MLZZ (R$I-@.

2*P=YM2+[/$#+

M/P$&DP])7+?WD6
GX^$$O6V:=C+YV)^X*SF6]H+1B7_ODT*]34]IHDIYR0


3MRN-ZN


Q6AZ

MJ9WI%6R?SX/Y!Q S@%0J#GD#?97$'

J;CRAO9


:].DVR?:J



#*8:Q<INRN!%;;UH1/QH$K3CX3^^IP-$[XDP$=+8^!5! $
^FRJ\
HC 9^38XDN6N(N(
A



Q111P!0$
M%:HQ@/_O_PCQOY*V__Z_\1\/\Q8-67 3(]W\YU<IHLGKWYLH!/W7!<([!'L
MG1_0JLGC4G?

M4(B\^VE5B:_H _!\^P$P:+I^4!**E![]G





M2I0ER3]KQD_B?NCC?BH?3XO*XQ^J/P1^^9W@R1?_%VW%V&\'7OQB28.P7]2
M7TM$_+\8UR&



D.J_2Z
M2

DG&1D9D;.2I=;4F4TY)#%@9.[3:T]


C

OAMA^MH6#*C +)EU VB!7OC)8@
M_.XH[+9&ARN'&&UO6!J=1/'0




0:Q9Z
@.T-J:W6B]*C#YFA=<F<=CC2&%+:/*!=C%Z5$2$=FME:




M$ [A!%'Y+09\1%;=!X_!-5?(2R-W7SWX?OO0SSXY^^/9-6^PH]F51Y%#8]
M^DH[_AK%L

'QN3A]W+RZ&^G.#J








M4W\N'N;O.\9

\[Y\_TA&#J

MF_%8E':C9D^7I9'9]1AXM.J3%[/D.DXO-F$96G([%Q\$+KQO6)(:6S+^Y7NE


MYD#-@9H#-;\&-;\2=OC^-L:F[


$P/B1=$5T%5 ^M$T??I 9*Q/!X
M0DQC=SB 38+H 5 BVMCN=^(%KL117I=A5Y!K+ED28UMN%T\00L\00L,K0T


MR?)R55=F#A74ZW7


M

MT5W)




N]N0^!E!ZN:E##$7!]JS+?]

RR:9_PU  X & (V+
M@\;%SQ2]&32BN31KLI[M0FRENM6J03#E]V$&G$XAB/9<.S?!4\6U04I%O/:
M+\DG&8%D$*3 )V4BS!IG/3)\^+O:]ENTP[6OA(8IC&6XQ_CDCJ&W5%#'!R









UL_+*X)=CZ11(CE]OME7^5ZT91)

+X/E9



M2M*MIYK6[5T]+PU

M

CNT1'G)
 DG)B2S\[#D+ $D D@ D%0Z2/JV]QBLA
MB1E.EA0

M?DD4O$U)


VJL1:8H2NJO!V?P%0!N -@!M\HHV%PXX_PIM6*@[FB+C:$XA


9V

M0




$2G^^B6L0DSK-JD =R (@B

IF]4
(E1W
M9?9TEG?VG8^554SY)'TUF*DFBV;N38:9@W


M-IM52TW
FXC-&W]J][X2IOL4L20'&;R-X


D8XDRT]

RU/
Y8)
MX@=T22B<[ K0%.%:HJ#?N)V&;9JVE8+(N;[%R-94A.7T$?-UB'L11MYI\9!









M+UJ5




[Z?$C





M!CRE /^\5

MK5 \UP/-U[L;A%)%C%[XCJRT+ 8GE5OZAD.?WP6[K=_JJLY0?KK#QPY1?S
MQ !@ 
 H!&?4IHV)UVDC;0YI=^J$N-%PA&(2P



M#J=5)K

*U$*H97WM


Y;N3EIO:V-WFD


1T^7%]H7
M__-

3]^=&M\O)[^)
O



K1K_9JX7Q
MR,R+\M:H6Q;6518RCS5S4%\M$'^6/!/.?#VJM5J]%J_RU&A0';1F=:A)K].A
MZ.]#MRY[U-HU'-:CUDJ.5@Q;;HR3[X?QWX=*7069P^.@8V$;4]9<_Y!HLAD
M:.9=%UB@;8]UC:;

9TY A[Y

M&?FO%
IO(ZC;HM@F;:WA6
'&6Y*O9.4?RJ9*TVW2T1NCA=+#;)94]F$\
J/3


]9

CO[11APN^9:G5/MX^0PZCJ-)N\E7W]F23?J3AFV

M)B.!
Y4#-)CC7
2H=FYC]6NOSQX
B6
M7IYIV$A=DY7Q@4F&9@2PP+LLO^F390JGV^OVAO9::S0=FI& T36\V3SD=(BM


UOJ\['##?=CJATB:OG8
M4TR


MR=#LS)Q@WUPI:-NF3-4_5BN&-AKIZ6.S

M\OV5KFUZHJY4!HWUD4G&9H

PNC6'
MFTT
M(X^*VM66'

-I+L37?ID.S4C@TU\=NCX:'
MT%QOCUN56
V-V %*QF:D
&LTFB&\)KHZCK







]-F@(FA3+X

MM75K3D#L*BXG*_Z VM;#;C/!^S

DQ-UCZD$%GNAR+G]4:_R
M



MY86$U@PT'
Z6:C(T




M#5G2MI=

O1

ZHJ8CC1ZT2CD=D?YL#*G['A.QF][
M9G-:+\GZ)!HH B7XHM*

M!HU9DZOHC76HLS7X6&'B




MBR





4Y[GM]U;E

FV5&H*C

N+8\72_950

MG8F= 'D.R/
RH<R 7PX


MKICUTK)O?CV5Q97%02HUAZI-Q_;9+G


M?WMJ8+]5,!^YE;:765,5#S.;.E(?SP:]N?NV#63F[60+]]AY Y7G:M]/N9
MSX7)R0*;S[OOR*\VG[

M]&YMA-2N90S;A_JA
]DGE^15$H  X # X2/ X=V3$$4'AY]G 9*C +1U?Q#@



M:


2%%D8




6NURKT9



M.LBNJ'GR2$GWXY&3?'[.3W8..-+8*P1)R=T)@S@(UEY
DSVO]N4[=H?@+SO&
MG0M_



WCX5_HM1/-/MCN'D H7-L
%_$#K@=9?52$_R $\

MKN@.W0VW*3





M L
#;G5MAE$H85K3G)8U$-JA&CN!:2'YE961-P1O4Y*TO19KM^0EDC8$5Y9*




M%[#)W
@. 1MESFJLKT



)APVN^.(








%O*/CBF1S!?D!8$(%O/ C

M.@





(A4/ .+^J;7AB)I


D8
U1JC
MQKQPERIL&8N*TB#*B_F&T3?0Y7^:=


M97.E7%# A1(!


W+2G


-?=OS





*XN41Y
M&AG0RI)*-[W:E^_H'8R\[/!X+CS*/)O6[8%);G
AMY?R +J:_P3&.ZEJT0EU



4GCSXQ
Y5@.?ROZ&T\;L&-F0_IP8
CQ
)(0[^M%=

SPX4-6\L=J?'S9<KLK_'5Q]Q5SV6MU^1]3G@E0^F,L]@4Z8E,BGO7U


I9-RB8VMK9*RB-PPIQC+Z060$$SR+R#
GZ@]4#KKZJ

MY\ISL4L

9_-%'\^Q+QS4Y(W H3;









4UFEU#X





M2PO++K3PH-TL\K%)!Y\XZ EBL*2'!GR'8B^[$CS?!V*NPY( RN3HR$SNO9QS
M-R?XLNVUG28MZ2;DL$KYJ!^&UD?Y

=P:&C/
Q[ \=
MWI1[4&-^^/_LO6EOZDJV

MP
7O..C!RLO?L<^5G__'1\]3G;Q
M._X&+;9\K/[RF,S%;_D;M-#RT?JK/?T7O^-OT+[)Q^JO]BQ?_(Z_@5O4Q^JO
M]FE^U8Z_53U)%9F,3!)._-2Q'UL_XO<IO^80UU6X@(J&WRL]['^YR7=^]WY



]!2_E3NK









MWIZO?T$=B
?YS7U4O30ON)^F[*/JE:0IGUW].K(S
M]8-JTC@;N<\)TTF1S;=;B\9J'4V6T1#4))*._**:]*UZO&<$8\1(\ES&"X9
M< J*H.)
36:I RIWLCO[N[G)_N9FGZ

M@?;SDWVT_^[YR3N@N?!


M7ES?YT+]QT[&#'&M!XU/1+DAB$*2BORJ*+S$5.074#_^&NK3VX(*&ICD_5\2
M.OJ.;O



M^T[9X=N$%



]6
UN
M4.V\^]_!G:
G]G^2U^R;83 

M



M9?_W*-KA-L3#48=]NQ/I#RK)/_^]W]Y5[O+BFRFX=G& &9_PX3_C%$P3X6
MTN.@

!O_BTHV%E./PH=1-Q^-%OE^]$!*PX YE/)]A_SO FPC+H =$-KNB
)



M*Q1G_RE6



4QF]5]D=!Y$?0Y



!K8




G8B
K9];:(Y4



M.
H.D=^@!P&9/+


M;#&O7)9SV9







-0+ZF%J# ?Z/B+YJSB
M;F$Y%V D3%UC_#7&3!VCL3C29!'NTP1S@J_#MV%YB.%
'B#1EQK:  A GV-P

8_.LVTK2$ ?=S?WTNFT.G$7@



7


M00NZCAFB*&-=R+=2YN]4[4P+*/

PN8\..AB6:
1





M!LG



M5X01R7FXIJB.!F!(]T'U!%?AA+@IR)'I^
ANF *F54T'IXRR @\;57S _0$

1P
HB



M[]-I
1
D_;9]O$;3!2\X?A5%6X ZF=/T%@8#_A6#437P3UG-ZIL#2W'N.V1J
M#IMRB




M[I;AQO&SM2K')@DX6C)6BK#R
\*@0Z 8(T'.08ON*'G&S\-\1/2FQ:8B$8D
M-  O@[VJ
C4G(+QQ6 =$Y



H\YA1S@(C0TTO(N50:
@+P\+C/!9[+
46#8!1]

MZW2^).EDMM?.=E


A/%:5#V)].CB)]5NG/
M.\%B:2BH3Y&GA]B9P\^;53

M][_-[ %PU,D9X.3^'C,%; $3 H8KG8,RIZ[!;H4/N QHH[,?3 !I6ZHDJW+
MJO/.!5X#R\%7X%Y0-
!SBY0-LE#MB^3A(W@5EHX)%SQZT&4@9M=X5;&M7

-=#;C


()Q^68O;!YM$369(4Y#2X#=]$$R\5\GL\A9[G W(






$S\SMY[*013]_WW-
4S




M@]Q*N\.'[-Y(DL:@E)A!I&DDG+ X E.*MG:0==&:&:M!H#T3NB/1[LMF+OE
MC1!3J6O92;BI3/]FFZ&I0K8VJ$O#3[#]IR;].8@6:/D71:DMX'!0885R=D
MR@7--1-HXTA=-FB9[6MKP(_T(+8*;1[@&@#!58=+;F$.*M!RGQI;U&R#EJ#


MIRAY_W4G*DI^9R

)96\*;TCJYE23*0*0

Y =9


M-A!;()LWVIP1/T(V%?I4F72
( *#8)'[4IJT7UH/-C0I1G*-'L8KL;(3A%

.



M_0C+T









MWA5YV^#   ]L


K4_V&/I;

 .T=IHPV0I]A((6D$7V@C
M=@ &B%TOI[7U]\V@!-KYAFKC4WMX0&99<W0E^;(^@,XJIS <]\M9*@6CU
M*^3


M$*.)-)BPY\N9
#*


B 5FH=!,B\<
MC55Q:[H<47_]DX1V;Q(\'HUW7$G] Z[&R7LC$Z5<Z-3-.6*P5O8FE.R\YYG

P9-)X[

)7A%!$4E'-K(^SZM)H
B3
ML.L-.-A3
+2-9QF
!Y7DH] -.P^DMY)@G&S22 5

@I
MX;1W^FSLUI /KJSILGK'6U;T]I9[3%J%A[



IOICKOA]2:TU


M&NF SP@D025@=[:G+'X3*;(?;








)E!8JV[BG



!OVD\$5-@YVKX9
M#'-
V21



M[


!59K4STN2
M3JIM-L..07!CR4Z:(-C&&+@A
Y9M5Y6TOH%!9+H:=SM3XER5NV\WER :*:@2

MR4WKQO%A0+4E&-_FMH
&H*I0YN$8
M 7V$$9NDRA)9N^D#$XJY16S@'\2[@WHDR8E.@3?--)$=9X/WTH89Q)L*T* U





MMCBG$T;?.OUGG5Y
.W3E


TX53J2


9F )IY$5:HPX]':+@$T2\Z*[^P7?CVSUE2
\T
M2.WP

44UR?HV02^Z=B)






3F)%&]'0[S_B9@FQW
MC(!N31B!)TZ7'MJZR$VWUFUT((T?A2G9

M_=OCUY.?N_4&



M'5]0 I/;;Z9E-^UR 


SP\
YC@&F:7%$^B00 -!6




F[VM_V'A3

9(_LH\^%!
MJ=&NF9FE81ZK



_@)ZY(\@ )MW(;:/=


^) MZ$=-4

MTY^\'8.(X6@IJ#9P#]/VWA.U;D\-\WS13AAK932^E?K):NBQ/6M



MU)POJ'% OMFR(=C-'O[FEVCS-2=5=CV08@2MDYWY/N3EB;L!5L:M_93XDF
M;Z+Q__6V*;;?Y[0L]BC8GN=#A3[X7IW9ZL[?A%7\IA873)Q_U=*QC4WR8N=2

M]T!VG/Q$
7[G
;VJV'X9=%+O@

CMN$/)D3+[B'Z
MFX[SD%7T7B!BD
&7_]^O\*_C A1+1#=NY$3+0M
E0[RDC!.1.B+$4^\'^$L9







I@EYVTJ3EB.Y7

MR\X W
.9@^I9B@W:@_'&;F8ZFE9OO-06/2BH$1$ R%VMVK_*-1\]:J3\V^



MHHQFC#C




M'@FD8KNNXK]];XK/12X+5%2/^LE

M()E
ON9]^3=I7O9GIUWT9VGN


M6ZUR-O28ZD;$U; 7WFWD.6^+!:E56K$==*^6Z_=J1([AMX=WWQX.RK6\D'D4

M-^N%7C]:'N(K=R#?3I:*M1C?K+.W8D35[D2E6Q_!






MTBIZ*

6^.:.4VW


ZMR%S^CK\]3WB?LO









CH76J* EPD&S9'UAZH
QBDN9^&SPT(F'


MGY)554:&P0BB:$TL
OH2G\!4QT F!9J^=\OW;ET6I'X\ZSRZWL1M:#_K(7W\
M64'P 7-3;J+A4UJ3[P]RVCU
MLUV(J5*L#WOU





R7[8Z^5L]-S8&\U(E

M(9ECNX7L?__75FO


+D[7/9!VY[_%$B' L-(K%X


;EW_%$$CEHU3(Z5A5C9%$:JV)IQ^\8?S32=U]N)
M^IK//
Z!2Y=Y,C<)?]GL\%F&OZ_SU1;?^I+Q22UQA1+0;7!6\!+


MB*


*2CW]'QS]_Q-+'







MN4D&(B\2[7=RF60T01PQL@HY


M@2YZL-2N;(XREH'!BW2G_=3JL

MK0\RA:5?%_3I'7_KD4\?4V5^\&2GHZLZA%1AC
)2E W4%I:O9NP5S%)7=4




/OC7#L^

M@@ESY


\209N0NR4CNQ2


M#ZW6=]DV'VY&K-1P45B5[O=.K*E

M(@9+5&BHJ@T8 V!OP=H*;!V_$9






+. C6G\!W



G8P/A./JO(C:

MN5SP]HX/3DL1-5U0TZMQXV2
8(C$;$F9J0(KK)X
OAVNRB$)N@2D?OT))P*)


MO&!]LON\;^'KW0K];-/+




M



M?=V7Y.NV4\OV&-&C2:


M9GE*R&TZJ JZWDM/E%FAHQIBQXI4A007N2]%Q
6O/ZGD;@%YX P599=QFEP1


!9






/EN+[.*Y;H/X]DHIY9;8_
VBB[P
.?%
M43


W?K-@


MQ]FRD[^))( 3$@UR+LY71?4(8+^;.G5YI*ZL(*O.(3TY-@@ZVT+0%GF2--
MQZBWXYXBK+H7*=9*!3D=YX/*/!
N1FY'K7GCUY\XRP98=I=A8V34
/@983C4



MX+D%5S7P@PQ0


C19U
M*G&1 O69Z
XBVZC%;V/E$%M3[LN]JAE:)=1W.]TF2*+Z]08\=5T;ZL+DG4)6
ML]CQ_=-RU&6[2AT]3NOK5$H#XQ:DP%Y)X*A
X
GR'.I&$]I[;M1/YB#(YCZ)

K[%A*FMV
Z:]Q\#V\H]U/EW)CV_ER0HM



4-+





M
UQ;R

M8QLW-.YCG=MJ_MO#:X@^8'N*[T4#X5=W'T!SL
7?C8L]D@TWMIM &SAT?MS
M!YE)7E^Y.%%Q@9!EK:-E.G(H8@%WLZ?S%BR:L;;*@12!'G1(R!B&BH:
'4T
M8/V
A6
R5.^QUJ
MTLK2#7W&/?7XQY0?T$')71<#1JZD\4:HW^ZB-N[K0VYYRR/EKS3DRHF2]2-
M5&DU2&5ZM

2N4Q*06TZ&CPAI![=*2H



M5@B:KK5:PHT_F2+OF
/TC[M8%MK=[6;AL5E]C3:LVU,Z;UC@UHJ=S5SR
6
Z8_! C:5?
M;!![9[9V.SDD!F@!T!6YM].;G60TT0U\($,=.S34:(81INV\?&N#;^ CEH#
M=[4QMS&X)5J@[\7 MNGM




7^<\W\^@;@

FWZ%L79!95LE*8T?W:$Z**M6]I!K$BZKQ


:)=JX*:3 (TB-9EZC#
I.D6&<.3!


MZIP0&%HJ


MI;30TIK'=!004T%I
4/59(@Z9W.R2:@.TN8#RF?I/


LMU55 Q G*YC1Z33
K_9B.




M4[



H%@Y

UB<3\++2TFT^\07BJ]=V(#+Q<3<Z9J9CL$PXU3@9Y)NZ72

U2S$FX9DN2K=@Q8


M#-L+WV_ST0NBN6AP(9 9&T7:I/3NEPZZ%Y$C)CWP


.U



Q
MRQE24_U5BJX!?=.5@R;OB/1W.?=\=!L2-19U1C%_##[O+N1#[:6A]FI.@)I2
M7
2NZ.R7*$Y^0K$@DO.YUUKV!)!M.'D^K3 A\8'ST4^X1!$N@ERA(H&6.&]Q
MR1(UF@2LB!K:D#]^I_%=R2\]/?UL]?SJRY2?N=X+\2:^'I&NXQI&D2LQ@:*:

S<

M;N65\]./PO42!+^]0^2(?ZFR9\QY$_^C(!X:[YB;QM?N*J6Q$I9F1C)*

33


A
M!A;DLP8'0U<S4LZ1;+A;;D^!/W:TZW;!EGHFRH:[SNQ!?#\F/R
58UT][N(


M08R^/B0^&U\V:;\YQ]U^A
;M@[#D:C5*\1ISD\FOJ:%*25V@0!91=PS]# AO


M7&?Z_#7U?2F/UTKB6A-\1ZA+7]93GD%;D@Q-UAHM
#*3\WM1YGNX\;#56;

KX(UC
ML^TK8R/XSL@.@%WG1ZCV#]TX+:H\@ ;M.P\ 6A#M*4N F((H]1-*M(?@!PJU
MM;J+B;/('$5OVK; V;YELR7;Z0'R3


H/&*GI
93#:TP@!Y
M,8=7L^\;;4:R\757YCZ;<RY9U2NTRW4%)CVN#_DV:S82'XQCGX)SZ+6*YFM


G98LT
A[2.H

.!Z'@[C X^:7&
M^[V

W2





M'PY7PL6\8 KGM8I

MR0N_7
M_LG


M/1'&V4F%(*:)585I=J0LFX-V%$ (G

MK]T/^W#W,-)W (C?]..=?M!=&JZ^61[(+L9LW=NQV#/MDEDQ#_1*=FOKN;


M!9:
#




MZMX8RZ*SJAPZ&XO.B;&0O5_(
&9AS+HXS*+NB
\MW'T!L'4]?M5+5XK_VF:]

MBJEQRPTY% !'VMN[69_6DN.[%

4F6);=
O^1 WF3:A^J!4&
M]5R'.ZQ\UT2*+S?SW\#*GPM
;L#*9UI&4$^'CBV ?E\DDSU!G2T1S*!6FM0=
M^9R5O\96%A%1P D[5MR8&?[


M
@2?K
TG5'?0C5

MBV7RCCTL_HZAZT:/[;_$C?A608

C]^


MDW9LJ1YO32_;4








MI[8N1VE$$^GEUDF.:+')EKS8A.9SI$

M$?0IW^\))














$T998M[U8];U:.SK$




5+4E-'(WS_?KW%
YQ0^5!
FZ


F9N$M_;OW<]-L)KCQXQSY]?_P^2O][W^4<XK?\_X#EK]WR%_J
MEN2/?2A_9ZQN?)


MCY/K_KN*NWZYG3Q?Y[YW)]2))+766JS5-WNK;
E:K$%.S+R_Y]XK#[JW^L5O


)1


MX$-AY/FJB





M]%


-#NEL7P6(&4N2IJ8T)7*V*^:H<:




M(

VLF&LH^'FIIQ;Z?]^FE&%?[


6S;AR$-M5E5E9*=SN9Q0KZS-L:JF5R!DTCB\*E.


M[MA]K]!N$0%1(IFU!/+M:A

MKAEB82TRDB,:.
TX5H @=\+?97\P2GU\=$.URVUTNO3X@M'0T]! !.[;K#
MIM+M$.W^R&(X(I-GE

M_-0



MNUWJF-2Z.M5R!95;M(Z;MB63G2LN7\Z:/7XJ@/R
R_#5\)AIJW2

H&GFZ'3#F;LS[JAI:U/Y3MLU4DVBEPNF


FRDQ%6

MGEGL).W.B





:C98@$_D5Y#?S.A O^(



)


#7=T^.1[X4AEY
M=.[PD48XUQ/'.V]#H


.+E

NE U8.K!Q8




I!ARVZ[WHVCPV#S)4O%]]P_3XH\]Y;M%K#

M E##(IQAB3


DKF^(4UIO*3/IP@K-W4 T








M.NA= 6HS



=#'Z#4YB3WG_ 8']:
MD.8SLW+5IEA*X
?UQ=J&LKJ9_[6
4HE95







OT:]DO:*NFYX0JH$AW1? LS5 TR4Z-0:3I*!_Y3%I^CK#E

'7EMU[92I\
MF'*$=1CK\.ES93/VLDBVB65/G(.N891=NB$6FTC!4:XL]

MYOUBW?Z@%_Z&;-M\2$NV2%BF.


[N
M@TA-I]L96\S9D\8MV/0)UN\(HA_HN7X[FX68Q -(3?+?#\*O'3H1F+(Z]T




M93;S)PYW[A8BH-]4^CR]8(5V:1'64A5'9?102J .(G3R9^*5O05.V-3K#.%8




MF$FOB/$J:=;]K-O.L)1=Z^GGOKB:%:L&+05@+AJS6;HNLLU91U**71Q-4'\
M) CB59G3WR\@B8'DLH'DZ*V_[^??C-/%8OI3? -B^F%B2EVRT[DEGW\RBM(
MQF=%P-D6


M)IQCB=/(KC
9X*I]AD@;-W'7'*2L=SYW ;34L5D-PI$@5Q9]KM7F5M;T[+'B

*UYG!&!99X+/%8




M_MF#\
PDZ?=#EO!-V9B7.U-JS!0T3DJC(#SUDZ63.%\; ]'- ]$!@6)_G1B)













H!S6EWIN;4BYLGKO6


M?TM.+%;S#ZGY




M2S(+2Q;C6F%5A-PI=\?G)TGZ 4G2DL4GQ^VBF^^93'%@S[

J[+@Q';[=0XN)
M^6/PKW^0#/'WLBN%P.V!@=F@1K==-C\A29_QA)HG_9&*0[^B'U$S[8FP'X




MI+JZVF/#W;UUV\J%O-40*$V__PO_V=DYU8+O1L[7^.^'5I1&!FSK4Q/$/T_B




C#PER0_Y<HS<<J28$E25))1


#RRH^4KP7@]%DQY70M&Z24T


TZ7TX4@B
M1X_+85UOB7*F-!JQLD]HC29J;7PPM)'K.OU4HSHS*6^]*L_Z#84N0,:3AT-#
M9M0EZ69C(%)*65AFY93IU)OH N3!T-HPI50Y=]015^7,<ETQ$VV['0T]XCI

MZ 30*(G24B



M\WIG-




MX


MU90*QD#I5RAA#DQH


UL*9.PBL$.U5#IXZ
M&U2$JI8E? &,9@UYE%F:*Y$[M4@%6\YPR7;-]N9H.$QFIDCT#GW$9:V!ZV0
M7_:F?8'/U*:
+GJ5




&J36-G^^_1Q%C_X91-4H


4'_/A.?&#B-WR*
($C/A:
M5)\(
C72OH#MVB<A

M/\-+DYIW4N!Y.3H@1&LDPD63P2+-8Y!OY6+#.U03Z]);_M3T5FWUU9^SF
M?+DF_)UT^-,PZ!N1XM5(Y#O1@F@(T1B(41#B(9\$PWYPQZ$G^\DYH&*-N/\




B&IJ&LI%X_4-O9Z
+F2L!T@^][-B\:L^9/7$L?IW.G[U:T(.


OMC[_8+6:/;.B:*4Y\MY

C\13%Q-/A6[YX\RE
M]NH:*._;U\&22U$M]:JSFFCU^ZTS$*U6I8;FV-6V$B

_V6DF.97D#L)FH-\S/H-O1A-1^O&;XY(O <?%

S+VW!6+OAW^JE&P[1*O+R04B@H
M2K*'1=U''1OBOQ=)SK_:8'



.3%]
45+?C8#H##

M45WD$M5^JR&5;*P@2:S0)K&N-?YZ.R*IJQ;'E1O&6-0353XZ

L0;TF%-^I
M]$WV'A($CO?(+%SP;0B&D8TC&@8T3B8:$BU?5JV 4EZ(
G-AP;S0^&1C J



M^/:


IYPC2^






M^NYO*OTY





*W'
:I$3V6IU

=K@D

80C+GHK/CG8\Q(;=]J4M=9B-G5[7VIN$IU


%&6).

.%8\.!\G[[)VOB[Y6
X93E;42BQ%4


MQ9G?SLVFI25(V

95<G9?QI&I;]<3HBS) 5?KV[1#J\[/5^


M0

M+

9O6IOI#BN((_PG)O:[P7BNQ!J#K-$-7^?JI]?A?D7:K-@?*T..%\49Q5
M/:8M2RD[.A]!U49^!\^\S^^XT)P([M^':U6AOX;+?$D:Y )CI\LEQ?6CWE?D







!(0P;]8KE]#6'^0


.A9_
MFRW^KB:7*#-1YG
FQM^ES

K7


MP3X_P+MTBA&=(SI'=.Z=):1A334$3ZP![ZW;/\.:8PB'=WX

K/](*KNA+L8'@V(5$
ML;B0&XH*'EKEZH+M/9$AXD.ASFO\'8=GC::V9H=+RS$LNQW]%G3JA#K
.X
MJ6:*/RS0?N)6_

MMJ]23 [2&#'OQZ_-8;&M1%7FO[W2?8-*0#*@[.=.!O?ZM=.Z!),, L\2OSO
M?__7_F@/G=Z-INQ-8PR0;/]DL=*,0'3H -F(RAI\\T_97,@K=S.M9.HFME7

KI'HHV.!DLGFY]MKV&%VUVT71W)TT\'
MF+*GSP%Z^J/G8DY ?^XGR]R@%9L)_+B96)RY229.Q)LG0!=[X
0_
C5VD-[^





L

2_9 \!W*M#U
MP._N-R!(\B8MF+\V

MK!3RAS96JC
&E/-H?


@X9SGE[(7!$\)5'

54VIXQWWN^#9^IF?9BZ_=N
G^(^#:C9)
M^! &/KR<SB%\^!P^P*B,)HP( 2/8&YH8B!#P@1CJ</!N4GRA ]?SP=BJ
/!


5)9G%IUWJ
Y;ZG_?*N^1-F=PEAYKI]@H-8(
MDUM0\^=)H27-415Z CH!S
WA+IM_GQ5@PQ2C$

XGE/*_E?+_JA
!RFIYFB.U*;2W6A8DUUI-:U+U'KB9#?XWI) I#
M3.=EFL[D(_U/2G;![.;ST7)7B$YO8U:F:&561C.TIG.5SO+:DY*TZQ2U)==
MM[8H5YL(6+8=C+
X;$').HDMO
DMO/]NA

MHQ'N]\L!$X-&#-K7I(/?8=#
D;DRL_FR+12









G:E4]-
0L(
$W;D0^[MI


73$H=J2+E(G#VL=$+<&0![FI2H'^J

:9#DJ

P3E_O5N2J2DEQBU[VS4PI-S?LZHU;2*
M7/*\4MQ@TW:Y&W,2?6^T@,K-__C-O?&$L^^7\(F[2+RP\^:M'J1K7N58K
F
M3K1V?E^&W?N#&32@J)GGA0]$YM&;%K8L[;/V;2J$JO/&K5H3.C-Y
RTQSF










9DO-*J40<E;+UX
M;+V2B</F-J12E%BO4&6WVJ]5H/AH)4JS#Q:+HR7I?Z4*0\3:23L^+0N^N90
MUDE9-#%?Q'Q]5=+U5?

=PUN4%F65##LT\LFUF@4?;$1CCY+WW$2
M?5VK_?J*M.A;[=?\=IF5[T?#(MUSYW9)O!/NO'%@O]#15LS-807 TPSH?SP9


M;ZB21T'66JJ+KY6@1#F6;%(M


M/SE8
P9K@&*-I9



2TD6V6


MZ*A@:H'F@VP2=*=E./+WBE
.^=D Q-^HLY
=
 QJ1Z)\X:8CD?FXZ& SY]



:$N

)R\3W#0,4[P1/
M

%IX\-MA\\%\


M8=*N5-?VO0*18==JBS?[1F^5NS7G:Y 7
Z
/FY3Z=EH5.*LLFM1V3D?M13W#




\B@P*'IMLJ4G?HA 6&%J(


91/5E-%@!^BG%
M58:/


=77^P0SO;'H2A2-:A/X"1L:*#ORB&TKL/X;


MUU)

MK!_8K?&QH!A-*6N[QY.GL[:EW[)

+W/P6=7GO_^!_^QL(=1S
M!U5VC7\]KM*)H4%LBQKI?W^\;FW/&J*]F\#93IF-;TO9=E-.L,$L\CQO__]

8![:8Q?5G(Q =.D VHK(&W_Q3-A?RRMU
*YFZB6U+-7_N

OH_-S_;7L.U:[N+MHN3UC\#
MOV .T-


1ZME_=^

MB5OF6[V1Q!X^


STU


M]+3I17Q-W\=%'70DD:W'ER

M0Q5H+.23Y\=\Y39K9Q+ND(O93=*UG2:=^FCTF*4BU
\G8FGZ-[B8[%C:5.

4F+-9&?





9KCLLWH\9K[D/(R?$'YQ5-X+--



M-=$%:63)ZQL[7K*$C17/V\[C**JRW6YR)(PR_&R6D5*-E-CNR6ZO-9ZG=%SG
L^?ON38/1W;AK7 _@I<ZMYFB.E@A*WM '<[\YB]72WVPJ[*KIII


M\82


^VQ<)<LU_OKV^;)-_ELMA4&)9!XIS N

(ULN@H*?^]4H?L7'8GK_Z^Q'HK4@AZX7P@A: AX0,I!/WT0M +
M2*L$3T1MMT@JY9+73<*0*;FF1,A'.A2^)P9[,539+A7G?%# ^K@EEQ5&[6-


MOWCO+$:\
^*=$70*$SKE;=\Y%CIVC(Y47J=BM SZ195.N U7' 6%QTR$X\Y4

:N
3#S

M/+ ]8CK1ERWJW?=#@A%_75-0=:VVT$0!7PD:MIW.+G&.KI

[0]G
M66-15U


MM.ATQC


Y=3QXX_9H5@5;7[2+

M IVH;FMP*N!__\5P]\\[H7MFVIP..00 .LLG?$#'@0;I7#_Q\V%8*,4OO+F
MS53\F7KG)U(W\139F1"+2(WR1CAP]?S(7X3CQ,^?#T?8NQ-C6
.!DCSMBJ




MB8TD^&_@SNU7RSZN9?J
+4]7@(VG=?.^3_7L
43\7M6S7P6)QY88*LT[U
RC


'4XG.V\V/C6X.W4*!%[6HGVW__UJ
+NP/!M









I%0)Q&5%BL=CJC1

M\M;ID

3EYY6Y
MU(1W

M**%W

0E9








MB!MR7F (V$!P*1Q\(+@4%D807 H#&P@NA8


M\=K)I.K$Q+ED!_/DI#B'F(0&CDY



=)S?*


M.LQ)






0X5'AVOIE@_I5]]I?@8K


PAF'/MN9OQ9Q%,MJ]U8I15M3K
MC5[L7F#'PRC' YB3C*23+[DZ5TEYESWHBM!GHM GD])XWPM\O@-HYG

M8K3+2PK(]@HEKPEGGD(;02

MD[W2X!YA#\YP\9$4_U*H=8GE*37@;;)5I#CETK/L)T)# GJ?FUR*OB 5T=
M::0NO*YBYL=83PIY]B4/LBLT?'0






&&\!#D
M^K'AHQF

M/IH

M5SD'.MPRS2&8N&/-F(B%[KB]Z)B\CSP'G%ZY25Y;@45.-WT/J&_
HGR_9
D%




M(? L0D()HC%$8RY$8T*UM$7TAN@-T1NB-T1O+G7Q^)_AHR?NBP':^\OP__QG



M?K?5%JQ)Q:3+@U&]OA16[O0\!^H6)Z-J0E^H$Q%XC;IF2]VA'V\B'49UK$PR



X2C2



+[$2A1RJ/W%9]*O
MKL=ZB%#O




M![


M[\^GG 




/@F&HC
3X9]AZ\8


M:P=Y@N?9B


M5
:R-0)46O&HEF]NL(.)R5$F\1?X.P+EE%)DQ]&A?-@^E#V+ G/9]+$QC$#3
CYP7?Y7=RO?DNLD5.H&E 0;^R@.NBB^B!#\*/C?F.
MT-



'

 I)(!YBZ'/A;6XTX]BH\








H:




[04R+/D)7R%=OJ/2.I^X**CLT6A86 R1&

MP_N D9O)P !M KP;*N\[\%=.L&P3# BQ67[R'&KBN]XN[X!]/GE+30]G_X-$
M@@OII^!!N)Z#




MLY!XUBJ4Q6;I-$V?83!4




F$W?W08BQN_9US
 7V%$DX_ QOVW.]$2HZ6!FT?0EW
?'V91:2

M4QM%FPC(-N]&P1R.'N&LZ\A*H Q19$^-8'P#68F(#3%PF\;=8Z[R8.8?GK6%
M

M'/04

RP]3/% 2B@:@)^8
MF


M68JGAC$IQ;)#B0%R?

#D(NVQG

H+
O%65E*)67HF

M5JES5^_5H+$KEAKU/+1ZG72IEA%J C2!I2] 8_:&VHZ+V@T
6F1J
S1J.[9T
M9?


N3*I9A

M

(O4XN 
A=X]IJ'T66Y])/+LZ[



]:TQ
MS94]Q\-[TS\G?,H\-R11D8USLO22I*JRJ$J:*,EEN7S^J(JRH<M]_*R4)&$<
M/AQA%[F#XU1&F6I/D25G34ZO2

MFC)V'^.ZWL$Z;7H1I-J&?%#DEA_#5Y\^AKE=)W=')-^ @AL$+T$9G3DB)I



M
Y?:O

V]
M1W=IR\PNS1A:LYN]D55!;QB4]08$+=@.M
YLM+S'R&S(



[ASR

M)'2Q0@8H$B.A***N1$9/A8C2,&9U8D&H6^SLT0B$U%],OWAMMP@M1'RJSEV
M4;^6=2:3
6&-H+

M;)2YEJ




M3^JCI0Y)4U9:=41
##\[Z'-3H4=3D8-






K($


:UZ=/KI-]*.+;F_O #8!-K,P&-X%4 '?\YPJ1S/]YP=
!4?.U(;VW@T



M+T3F9$*!S(Z:1:V_YP!;YC0@MR*JPE J-.\#1.L/*.P-*012M4GO
8.SH6=-

@4*%$POQG:(

] V)!E[DWA4*T1IG6L.4-]<M$]O!?




Z)54?1&1(T)



WB#T*I7];0IJY1U%J
G*\I\3B
M)/\N4??P(D+1)S(![Z)7^GMS0/C]-(P]X;U#UNO!2VD+#CGG;6_*)]6R(*DP
MX3#AV9SP;0)66R++ASW$_TZ#T!Z]+




W!47U







#I@K
MH04.



M6
5PJH#^Y4IH@?[!




+



M[KNWIF9WK;_.J5-[]??MM=?W[7




;&I:9_3
S*_?

86XOOF'%Q* @O3?

A!*2
MJQNV;R'8_P.J%=9MHIW%^=9

MJ@IR$E8

M06GR$V1





M4H']6V]!

)F)C OOE=


=]'0%P#




R.-?](\)30XGW3'
ME
E4K5-0L /$LN(C6V1(S3 ;SGAHKK4
M$N_P\ZY$PS=B

C

MF&MC)+D1_$KVE8B':.%M 8?+*L7^N%\IW+*K%M3;R\W!AEYJ]5W%Y\AMQF-W
M^EZZ +\V0*Y8

M*_%UZ3VF=)!D.^E!B/-7E





MT7!IDJB^3G3*=[)]@A]E9F1$Z/9M17@:E'K&.G\N6HKAU &Q=HF]GP-AYZ&
M=DOUB4[;*N\K[685?^NSS[_7DK&LSTFKH.T=^KP.EB_*9T

0![NZ^VU

Q)
M,2A9REJN6VPE-<!W5=P3]9_YBIR/FART[E^!#J]<JL
C%80ZFKUS?'BQ
8R

Y0-']B
PQ_8(I%1)A4N=OO

MA%\I;' 6\UYZKM(A]/3:522DC



!)8KQ@V)




(T&Q@^I









PI_2\7\BAE
M=UCT;Z#5(;T(8D!
9#N#3=:-F3^D\Y51UQ7P@[09N!ON


M&*7I0LG[U#%'Q5\/UAA2OCO#?LO%EQ;]TDZHT4W


/O^4X@MY!8X<8/T7+<9I1-M
:+OL.SCGY8_ #R.<5<L-
ME!;3&U(8JUG 5'Z_H5-G-.?Y1SNJ=563HHT3X06THA-XK?&]/1IWF29'9E]


1DKZ4A26 K;R$P[:5.
M4TXXCP3^ 1%P0VSDJ8&1/(_@
T!XP1RJ;-[4INE
71#I^MM^P?HPM)S2'!I_



/ZJK^$V-ZOCEQ6^V@X*5+[+84 ;;6(H0










M+*9V3ZB#L&7J?/G%T8



M

M56J@DIU2M[)M9& Q\A9PXC8O?:7%QZ*L89;$G&M#@64G$2(^3MCKDO_171\R


=:1;U

MW*GVG
RK.70]D..)=\-79N0^*V2_K-




?L44&


M56!^JH


SCD!EEB.JRA=+[F4@M=
M CM39H9R[AE3)M)IG4LQQ4C9.Z)9&4I









7-\X=K)?EV%^:B Z3H$HIV
C/=





9UE/(4VQ$7)DJ3]:
M^AEVE.KC-N![N
/.]_#

3-JDP6N
MCI;-JC9W.T(%/NH/RBT=!_B^XR.JC\G5A-(S4'AS'FK)5U!O%-44Y%:')2

^(##2WYXYC4U@P1&(P=L9X3]9YOOG#



:RQTI'#:L:^Y6<X5S)!%Y#]
M#07SWQ+H,R_:\6<=%G/Q7Q8I,K69#2ZKGT'S8(G,&_Q]<]=Y//*^;=N%8

M5_I8C&W9J+7GL&3A2H?CJ(6[+.N5*.N*!=GB48_M@7%JRF^/@!5]:_Q-XD5E



D/E


] 7\[KV[]H2<J[A]_F8)%S
M8\VUJ=J
0L%

M&:2Y1_
V)OQ+QORO_R2\B'2DL:Y5MR_-O'U75Z[ L9)9:!K^$4(E]CYCPN

N5VB




@VO






MNWPZT

NUXW$#-SFFX@L(AI/L;


MEE?4
6C.+PIP7S1%Z9W
Q5R


MM;1&LYB(*G*\57HQ6AN#-_9O!4B7B,W:W7BT_M7@)9;+G)=;X8EYM(I=OZ
M%=]$7E=PA)=W'E=GX[27BHGW&&;0D#T7Y.! :=[M5# X+EEXO388B@J7NGO.
M:_OQ5F%D);!
:7-DP
R7-M!5


^@*&
MMTTJ+T5&-;6&SQ=\$%I;Y9+%_:\58LY#CF,8X2)(W_;!!#$O7ATI3[
&[B


@S=_N=
M^IL#M'

1*GLY-:7D(_[EUH


MN^



T
MFC.*(CH[IX*


M?HUUS
+M9@?\/1OC7^*2

M[DAPZ;!UD_N;7Q1C['%)NM

Y#V3=YJ6=2\1<EAH
Y+ ^L9PK_G@E=W.$X+NRTLWD$=#8
AM@L=[ 3

NY-KREBDG^:O_:#QZ:MD\R]MN\@3QV;-E'C





J5!%UTHC!N\R'7
M$Q(2/G-V-N:O1'?E!6BL8+%SWT)$[HE[=!?HBGS]R8K*EMJW^5C^E ^K5R
G


MSS4P
NTE*53
R'8
G7/M*A?M+G6_D[;7FS4/LK+\9LHY&_0[YV12!$\ZDDW-

L=.Z



Q]C@]I3PS





\[
?5W.QPD9@[/




02:6(

M%;X(Y$#?.MY+_Y:HU;EC6JLA0\CV9
+G5WH6BC.=.%S56;^BL-+UXOKG^;N9
=:<;MM%]DW3Y #2E(KGG+
9.B3$WJ($EU3@?7;]
=&DT-\A^KOF
M]  TY.['3S.#93[.]FEBW@OWQ1)PR$<NKJUCP]J-E]8-(]4H5N'3@)<3WU
M.P?!._@25
U_!N?M_WK8/SY02C9_B8RWQ+:;J0A2!3]
6-U^&_SMP[T;8PB




8JP)JU!]-OB\59:
MS)NMA)=*;2W.!79;6'M,B$:4&^,T#$K:$U9D^<EYY2*=FQ<4:N85!'CFV,
M@=\%BQ+D56H:ND5_;_$S?1[.X\LKQLTM@

M6*9M78?0$DPUG-_Z!^


M_Q!@_P3/[/

MN_/;3N*F.O*(3%*7[]/TL\+'JBYWB3*ER3CR_]S4TN3[VXYL]E1?(QDY'$R!

M)ZV.L3Z-1\\@]7X$.J)?%

M!1)Z5#&&:924UI4A82#103


QQWK=QG.U@0/CG ^/'%UYI1.X=ES!57#WL;H@(4G@4*
MO0^3/Z:FC2?XCH_G/$+B,3 Y0J5$[:HSQ_! VHL(API%7OR@VEHAAWKJ\2]





MR3..ZUZX5UT8M2]-244?UT!/V%-GYY?;MAGYUK\K^';CS
BK:S\?\TZD7'E.

M(



M*..4@]
:&!YR;G




CR!*7&YM652?ZX)65J4!W1:JY$/)
S8 6-VS)T1X


WHITD:533&8XH


YC9FO


L]?2^FTNNG:W?W;&;2;Q][YM%KW

MEWWC*)M0; Q




P[+7H1XBIK]Y*G ST.^T;/I[IMF/\$^TX7XKKZ'H!JI#(L4*.SO
;
MKK66]E_2CJ;RH
\*

&623:3


YL_\GJ]X

MI#9LQFDF5.2_E1V=K$#6=LV%F-&H@FH8-W_+LM51S&?7JJ78'8?_&!T)9#XT




MVAEZD@FF5+I*AQ)*[[R:^3=F8V X2YJ&KS]3T_$/Q?7'+2];^C.+MV$HH[
MBXM]S#+-$;]W?P2N==*63SNWOHA&78(P!.2PAMT6YO%CJRN.0NTSQ2WY!_


MS@LF^

M7

M



M<H#OYTX 6[B/</JJG7!IOJVUMI;7$U#D71-W^NZ-QMG$%+NJ#OJFH[.8C-$

MY1&(B(*^2Q:P%F8F^OE;7J9[@Q/PO) UF'7TQ.-UDM7


LZI T2+!
@;0D:
 _#11

@((99
MI;5GM @Z7#T:/BW3O2%R4U.Y%7$RW!-KIOLK\\(ZF03P/R_ (='Q-[H5F[9I



BK.[TD7;0(!$BPXP8


67)[Q\_




M:D&

R8]#A:3


MW

M.9TP[D?8W#Z;/V=!^+N9.(-7?\*;/SLYZ/QY@P[C\#X/\NF_X.\[#@\K\ZV
MOQ1))Y9[C%\WW.+5O
)+$RZ2)-%S-$@BO-O%@*6S^7ZHMV*+-AF(L@.N&



LH]J;_PW&884N8;Z;/VM
5NZ1GOHGJ!CW)2H!5$)^1BJ_ZP
MYN-108.C\,6%#ZEO):[7^G[8!!G&;RTSUE)_I]F6)V!/#^3^:.+L.O' PR4







PG0GKK^C8\.P6_
*UVV









M'#A1(D-@BZ\@%VL+Q2?
+=XSYU?'ID
1[8_RP/J



7=M_
MG+448XMY=C.B);-LP?[@36\S

=2
M==1B1T.TMI)B+FK?R3U%




OY8!'D=
YTG/
?O0U0+KZ\6W;5Y-)FQ(#TW3T/B0R4M?#%;&RJE'X*Y



M?7M5WT6GRI_81M!O$NA7
5M6N1/&_;-@)DL3)Q6O*X[:X'I?BDWKH\=)-&%0

]UK(P]/Z6[9^X4W3*T
M\QHEX((^\;ZR[S
'W






M3BBXO&8_R'1O$QB:
7=
\PBAGL^R1)@^EZ\ E1HW&SDR%%-=DZZLD&&
@Z0I








A.'E*6OD%YM+3H2SAF&1OY*O
0J=PZ
MGJ$_$45+95I3JC''?A.X4

MIA

9Z

M [:V]P \?V=XYDZUY+NR44X
 DZW10%EI9(\]/Z


W$@R31(M]A!3L7EKNKAG
M!;T\IR-=8XL45#








GT_Q_D%(LL8[LP X4;1(JV*==#9H

(A/6EO$[&^^:CL?]/F#





JL
M0T83&]=8CK7_&?'P3M[&B3NPU3FB/H!-A=HT^^,+:\)C]E+&7)UC8]?!)$;E
M*2TEV0* )DZFW75N_ZV.870AI%)P3.K#[=[H37;Z;WB]I IB+XAT7]O4%)6I
MF=#3_:7)Y42


)]&M^*_*DL#:G?)UQ9D83ARL L=)S';$N$WG@
MW61@*.L\W@X;8

M!QQ
&9=+4]!\BN#E]T

4(+0
MXZ@'Y2'!@)T_#N%O.D2COSZ!L

HT!!@6Z4%%C5



M4T7X]]%JV?-N(;=_)2]:7!_5Y3



:M[8





RS=CX653ANP]3]%WA!U=9LL%4I
S L'I!
M*6R'PGD.5^PSD37F]3QED:TOS\=Z6R%S$O KW:YD@=KJG+U'S]C8CFJ^3B.J
M)_JZGCZ\^


4+:X
MMM%N]Y%?=)!OQG4,$(Q/1 A;?].S++9];PR!7Y



MUBJ'#GR& @Z3[@1M&0@E^=8FJT#% RQ]E=.)?-'G5W4Q^^+XCP$G?D2APL[/

M


_++-]=]WU2JJZ^
9V..V_^5#_G 7(%#

E[





M#H%DKU6/8U.(N;_1][@2-+
OV11]&TN/3+]/;ANR(OG:_LC)T/73.=[@G
Z#!(*.%%NZ(JF
M3-9J<]8:(P[M#:4E0F&I9@2A3LT.%/:_RJ1[H #]3TXK9))2G&?



RUY%^1YD87I=;M[)]UY&)
M?C&TGAZA?


KOER;#X[4

MIVN7960,E!%?':UGU;N!0(KHM_CYB4EM?1L/VB).I46KM5U9IN!Y4
E9@J


M=Q'4[M8R 5C
3R@1-^_I?,%]ALE6=X3N21:M+7V&B &/G3(*2^:'OH9L]_
M@B@OW!( P





M%AUH#]AU['P*%I^X50]WDEGF7!F=CQY9Q:N8*C4R&O!S+WUM]3J!?97X-:&T
MP:?JI\UWI$FH^3J4]N50NN_'DOYKLTP;F[J-&\'

MRKZ_8M+KHNOK!A?.X!V!^!M:#O_[.UV*AVG9(EN^MPI*I8K/GDA*9]JLV
MVL3/5H33O=?X!M5FX$B%Z9X;LRI+##I]U8\Z5Z1F+]XA[@%:2)&X[9A[P,\

J
:. L!;/SWM\J)V
M$:I&.ZG




M 3W

M2.&4LK(*





:
D!0UR)%')T6M0W+ )8;&CBZ*.6E?EIYF;8)X5Q.LU!]-
M__7Y5[@M)UVT1

M'@#8^




7J_1 #-_=+5(
M 9$7S_(Z&S#\IUJK?-DQF?^)YG^N=3X_F/^?3H[]?Y**F
E[P*]_M!&U(24Y


M]^KZ[G);S
E$G!=%XS5K?+\PLK#._M-7%LPT&1$=63JO!KB:


M.EG-#S76TO
(T_N[R.H#

U_3+V+6S$W4:]5KFU^\
0O)6RBP0$U
3!GAH=
MMU;M764J&ZX1U \/?;_S[/
W_MY0WX[H3T
HT8Q5



MT\QY]^6%T

M68




U1ACB7!8
7$6?@@)&]J7


36YFJOXXQO6'21SO&K06I%UL[0:XOP
\O.1[1*IAA.&:JY.
MT\DA?P\81$ -[8C(4S1*[;MI@'R
)ED?-FN[Z9LK:V+$3;/
B1I4BYKB3+A:


MEGY;M3EAT:!;Y$*LX_#P@F[D2,,!:K8$SFL^6VV^,N'(CMP$K;TU@WR'%AV
M'(=ANODO4V3X%V4N]*$D+&+




M='=FBT#/4-#$-^?&#J0?\X:KV(/\87+8H*OX@$E4FQ7EC[2&RGS9EKRF6.-
MO69#V]+1C=7 (AJ6(+H+LK56-P[QI





MH_ DN*17N^LDPK:_ ] %\VQ4YY5C'/#.[%(4CS92
$T;!C
:MU#^M5DD2N/G
MFBQ;D8
UQ56



66TG+]XU+NES)H?:7ZK:67L:


MCJNJ#I/X^6#3BSS5IS]_'P.(65ZF404?'JX;KL7+Y[-W:XIC:$_]#4J?CM8T
M9X.?2-T

M$YW?66&HH6*1W\LV*:Y*%?_X& !/TO_AA8 SF@^!-U*3^O6)8]?+TO$_EDM
M,6R]SOQO;5.OP[Y/& 55
]_: )YE\=@?
\X-?VK6:)B1:-_IZ5NK/[:D0



ML2J:%Q78\XCJZCT=1V%^
/
)TXU

MFH6:PE.G_)/!A4RQ7X3;DK-4T@Q@Q=DFN;5]W/''F^\Q0WF5-D!%?^;2%
H!

D=^2<H86U
J8 NJU$M[I)NA&1I8L^2_]J_DYKTX/-Q@L97


M-6+-JJ'/P:Z3_C)PJB*@L]F*Q]ZXW:61GU]NGG?E!EUVCMEG[N0#&I4]:=5
MM.#W[^E@Q\S/KVW(I;EI[---YBMJH1JOGUO
+AFE
.$BOQF2_\T$4CINB0G

]JC[*DTX:O!6A+J*X@!&IE6L_C)R/(PH3A''4


7EZNQQ
M%UX?

: _=(:UD3X18L3YU%#(I:IH9TW9]AA1$ W
M]HYKO4UIC4&

M?4SOI^O.'?:H)KC47%@IU



554Z
MIL.G#QJ3/UQ]D J12A2:_7N\X6XFC/Q(3SB5=EB5L[=GAR4\-^QBY0Z3:L:N


MKH;% 

M:

XQN?B&A9

&#B18ZG'
1E7GLYT?8Y)-7=F
M(R5L5_1''P'D

MXU([#S;)U[U6GJ(57 N#''BJ]73L+=;@5FE9MM'\X5*\$/*.^(VQT#XM000
M+VIV3B5A\8,-SG*P'OE(8\YQ+-*JN8
AN*N



#5/OY]AFJRRGBQF5






8 ]/TTQ



M]H8ANOW9&BQ R_G
&\XQH9*L'3<!/)-1<OG#:5


MZH[\
#U-OS6\




[1OG$?=RP^=U/'BA*G9KN[:?=D:#R6M.CK2EVO8L4
M?PE@AG8+*\UUO$59RCEJ[D4J_1#9# LH[.ZT5@KX/:96OF.LWIQ47%%BO%SX
M^C,P*BR<K5I ED$&-2P0OR8-LAA$T[:'_-RZSH93NT9*L%NO0<0[NGGL*%V


9$OIWRZ*!X

M'*OVOOV



4QHAU

#.;ZE(5<;O$0I:Y3X%2UZTJS7!N@FH3V-+=R=L#.TC#B='?
MU2S;J_<J:*_P.$K_VXZ@J%\[_UG'8UJO'LG8VT'\#'!0Y:;\$*5FX\LA8RI
M
JPUHQ. =M=B
N?_0AWOED;I[X^&VJ'JSM'9K@NF^ #YT7U19!'$J4B
M\'O]MNI2$GN4&.8,4#GMGR[+4L'R11S3BT.UNM13.Q%JF0HVR98?K+F(I'5




M$^D@\OMH4[*\UIXD)/'Y)'EW%N=/8$ZZL-B(&S6]A-XTJX7I#+:5/3U\
0%K
M#O@





MW031J&M.L





?M*412M\X!.:7).$CZBQ5O&4W[4

0]3@%!Q.J9U6BB Q
;G-'-^3H\YU^B
!R?I

L(5UK$JU2@F[8
3$%2/

MEQKIFJ\
ER1$?7%
$( #N)+F[*71;9BJRO)*A*D0 )AB?^

M%J_L5!&.PJF?/C=1$9


M%5

Z
[

Q(Y3JQ;&I*^ASQG,Z@)W



MX


;*%+N\A[5PS

MU4^W@_@9O9P#!K8Y*0WS@H

@-


+=(#LU\


MN
.[/.E3VDRDLJ3/K



PF2I+U#

GW(O6[A+[)M4W:4/:ZH*6U%N^
M?A#+([!0L:15

WS6)
D# JM/4@6

MZ O

$TA^
M345!K^RCE[1V5]PW=X.8?4S1C9

4H? 9@GX6O
MVAOL?F4@WH:]1AFT



MJM*+


6@IB243
M%?NVS^/_O';C_QG^$2@QSS6WJ-R#?U;Y4#'LPXL:_2W3SE^8DEW]@G+T%-4%


$J$
_9


MOWAQH?]-\V&
6N5=3%*.:#2

M=M'$-O%$QBS2


MY;RUS F$T9(WZO]LLDQGP2994=T@BO
H4EL0H\-S*Z?1BW(#._PY$5I*XZ&G
J;

K 4-\X






M;^./-.+WL+H(S@6*




M'9





1]HY


#RX

M;I2$(6+*@9UEAE0#CE0.==QHF*# SNYL6*_5/!V$ZH0//V$TO^8 )J=LG'Z7

M]I^5\%*0JQG
TY$#G(Y3[EI^MFI?V+\'0=DZD$Z2(?HEM(R;**


M2],-@9%]08].Z@]YN: AV2#TL;7-S34ZPKZS8'.3;S$\9$P[Y FJ^KGZY4!
MZ9+W6$&GJO& ?9%2X

MPNXS7%KQ2O]1-PJ;;Q=B+7&JIX NWA9V*DSJHU&/3]H8%LT8.5+W?E
J+&IF



^6[R??
M)U7.=K_C\5N847;*3=859R52':C_+!KJ]V&5M:&]:8IFI_(
MV+(D\RY0H7N


M#XKI_7KA-OV9UZ*6FB5IZ,C44&BK_)B((2RGYUI)_:$]#3H3E[\(]I?HQL


M8+!3[14;7OU[P2



/9!XMNQ


I2BJJ#ZJ-)YX5P,, /N J0ON^LJ0._UF
MDO3K]*#1FW@?EXZ:U0L)3E7T@Z\\'BIKZJG!?P!J0%RA/C?GBGXERB93E

MYJQX5Z/_ZU/VY -^BC

M_%]

M6SXI43B-0



3']


M-? ?#$=R63DR.6P5JML@;YZF5ME
B+]X.6ILNV2P=9K?AHBZ9LO\0 DN-\@A




M$;C/JR&J83KEFZ ;VW!PS
KK@3 I^2ICZ_G[SS;ON8\]7-1\MU?CF(SHT.US

M^7OW*I^MC;;1O]&%13\W
;.$;M9



M%R#L3^O!\0DBV1(3F.JTE.%4T06!JE=5++U/TBW(W1KZE@.G^@PM

M(EVPB


MZ41(C:5

MNMRGUF3LW8@-UM4PC.5O=GB)RZ;F
?7%SAMZ+9-72VKNP)MR+D)8 ;-GM3*X
M:8L)92Y1!]FWF[\I+:D3J2]ROM!_7H&ZS&]ZM^QI%75WYB+YVOH%YJ[0EW
MM?ZB_R*JADA]ES-F9!!3IM5YP+ .

M9.:



9(5%2]45
^2A3($2!
#D=_E;4@1KT/(7]$=V:HM(=:5D(S%?'B

Y%'0\5:@T4D:4ZC.2&


^'?ZMSH%BVB6A^E^;[:0;Y1XC_;?=]I(D)
M^#]<E%ZZXL2Q.SU5Q@!BEGP@&&1%

[S+J
M%EPC 
4
I00Y6_0J!JDK7%K%K-DZ0UT*!@ CC^V(%-UY=\FVU\^ MW-7ET72

OW8I\!
JEN1E







.NV Z?
M<G]2M')PN0E9D$UU'5K)EF[<#!0G#/')2HPV[[GQ? ;81!
)+!U8OS@#
6-


M#NH-MC6[U;II#[5LAW4(C(*Z-8QMZST\A?C[:N8KCC7VW[SGF1;T\]YKUN
M3EZW:8^ZUTMC)^)L:V*^^&)P?!M;U+P!FZI



M
AX'UODM__(6'
)
\(T'HS'B7V/9P_9E-]B6D_6J?3KV.9
]N?2AISG\N3B&







]-2TI1?QSAC
\IJ5-


4
M  C@F)0EX?RL@$#  !C@  P              @ %^!   97@M,C-D,2YH
M=&U02P$% 

4      C@F)0KOON?J((  #W20  P
M            @ &T$   97@M
S%D
BYH=&U02P$% ,4      C@F)0][88
M.7@&  #2@  0              @ %_&0  97@M
S(N:'1M4$L! A0#%
M  @ (X)B4-10TM4#'0  Z;D   H              ( !'B   &5X+31D
2YH
M=&U02P$% ,4      C@F)0VV.4 X/  _F@  $               @ %)
M/0  ;65D+3(P
3DQ
C
Q+GAS9%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( .8E E*)
L!4  +1$
M 0 4                85
  !M960M
C Q.3$R
S%?8V%L+GAM;%!+ 0(4
M Q0    ( .8E ([DB(5AT  
+F 0 4                ;]A  !M960M
M,C Q.3$R,S%?9&5F+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( .8E#,C=].QV,  )@,!@ 4
M                4=_  !M960M
C Q.3$R
S%?;&%B+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0

C Q.3$R
S%X
3!K86(V-38Q+FAT;5!+ 0(4
M Q0    ( .8E7#_G[KK0  #/:   =                8'& P!M960M
M
C Q.3$R
S%X
3!K86(V-38Q

end








/* Updated 2009-11-04 */
/* v2.2.0.24 */
/* DefRef Styles */
..report table.authRefData{
	background-color: #def;
	border: 2px solid #2F4497;
	font-size: 1em;
	position: absolute;
}
..report table.authRefData a {
	display: block;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report table.authRefData p {
	margin-top: 0px;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide {
	background-color: #2F4497;
	padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px;
	text-align: right;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover {
	background-color: #2F4497;
}
..report table.authRefData .body {
	height: 150px;
	overflow: auto;
	width: 400px;
}
..report table.authRefData table{
	font-size: 1em;
}
/* Report Styles */
..pl a
 .pl a:visited {
	color: black;
	text-decoration: none;
}
/* table */
..report {
	background-color: white;
	border: 2px solid #acf;
	clear: both;
	color: black;
	font: normal 8pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	margin-bottom: 2em;
}
..report hr {
	border: 1px solid #acf;
}
/* Top labels */
..report th {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
	text-align: center;
}
..report th.void	{
	background-color: transparent;
	color: #000000;
	font: bold 10pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	text-align: left;
}
..report .pl {
	text-align: left;
	vertical-align: top;
	white-space: normal;
	width: 200px;
	white-space: normal; /* word-wrap: break-word; */
}
..report td.pl a.a {
	cursor: pointer;
	display: block;
	width: 200px;
	overflow: hidden;
}
..report td.pl div.a {
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl a:hover {
	background-color: #ffc;
}
/* Header rows... */
..report tr.rh {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
}
/* Calendars... */
..report .rc {
	background-color: #f0f0f0;
}
/* Even rows... */
..report .re
 .report .reu {
	background-color: #def;
}
..report .reu td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
/* Odd rows... */
..report .ro
 .report .rou {
	background-color: white;
}
..report .rou td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
..report .rou table td
 .report .reu table td {
	border-bottom: 0px solid black;
}
/* styles for footnote marker */
..report .fn {
	white-space: nowrap;
}
/* styles for numeric types */
..report .num
 .report .nump {
	text-align: right;
	white-space: nowrap;
}
..report .nump {
	padding-left: 2em;
}
..report .nump {
	padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em;
}
/* styles for text types */
..report .text {
	text-align: left;
	white-space: normal;
}
..report .text .big {
	margin-bottom: 1em;
	width: 17em;
}
..report .text .more {
	display: none;
}
..report .text .note {
	font-style: italic;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report .text .small {
	width: 10em;
}
..report sup {
	font-style: italic;
}
..report .outerFootnotes {
	font-size: 1em;
}








// Edgar(tm) Renderer was created by staff of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.  Data and content created by government employees within the scope of their employment are not subject to domestic copyright protection. 17 U.S.C. 105.
var Show={};Show.LastAR=null
Show.showAR=function(a
r
w){if(Show.LastAR)Show.hideAR();var e=a;while(e&&e.nodeName!='TABLE')e=e.nextSibling;if(!e||e.nodeName!='TABLE'){var ref=((window)?w.document:document).getElementById(r);if(ref){e=ref.cloneNode(!0);
e.removeAttribute('id');a.parentNode.appendChild(e)}}
if(e)e.style.display='block';Show.LastAR=e};Show.hideAR=function(){Show.LastAR.style.display='none'};Show.toggleNext=function(a){var e=a;while(e.nodeName!='DIV')e=e.nextSibling;if(!e.style){}else if(!e.style.display){}else{var d
p_;if(e.style.display=='none'){d='block';p='-'}else{d='none';p='+'}
e.style.display=d;if(a.textContent){a.textContent=p+a.textContent.substring(1)}else{a.innerText=p+a.innerText.substring(1)}}}













							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 $ / shares in Units
 shares in Thousands
 $ in Thousands




Dec. 31
 2019
Sep. 30
 2019
Jun. 30
 2019
Mar. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018
Sep. 30
 2018
Jun. 30
 2018
Mar. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017





























881


902


383


750


653


781


133


222


916


789


721














































771


947


924














































117


079


088





















































































































































































































































































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.

























































The average number of shares or units issued and outstanding that are used in calculating diluted EPS or earnings per unit (EPU)
 determined based on the timing of issuance of shares or units in the period.




























Number of [basic] shares or units
 after adjustment for contingently issuable shares or units and other shares or units not deemed outstanding
 determined by relating the portion of time within a reporting period that common shares or units have been outstanding to the total time in that period.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018









Shares
 Outstanding Beginning Balance






Shares
 Granted






Shares
 Exercised






Shares
 Forfeited






Shares
 Outstanding Ending Balance






Shares
 Exercisable






Weighted-Average Exercise Price
 Outstanding Beginning Balance






Weighted-Average Exercise Price
 Granted






Weighted-Average Exercise Price
 Exercised






Weighted-Average Exercise Price
 Forfeited






Weighted-Average Exercise Price
 Outstanding Ending Balance






Weighted-Average Exercise Price
 Exercisable



























































































































































Number of options outstanding
 including both vested and non-vested options.





















































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2019











Schedule of Share-based Compensation
 Stock Options
 Activity
The number of stock options and weighted-average exercise prices as of December&#160;31
 2019 and 2018 are as follows:





































































Tabular disclosure for stock option plans. Includes
 but is not limited to
 outstanding awards at beginning and end of year
 grants
 exercises
 forfeitures
 and weighted-average grant date fair value.




























Tabular disclosure of the significant assumptions used during the year to estimate the fair value of stock options
 including
 but not limited to: (a) expected term of share options and similar instruments
 (b) expected volatility of the entity's shares
 (c) expected dividends
 (d) risk-free rate(s)
 and (e) discount for post-vesting restrictions.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2019







December 31
December 31
 10
 11
 4
 1
 4
 2
 31
 25
 (1
 (1
 48
 38
888



































Tabular disclosure of the carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of merchandise
 goods
 commodities
 or supplies held for future sale or to be used in manufacturing
 servicing or production process.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2019







Income tax expense for the years ended December&#160;31
 2019
 11
 16
 12
 1
 1
 12
 17
 13
 2
 (2
 1
 (2
 14
 14
 12
605




The total provision for income taxes for the&#160;years ended December&#160;31
 2019
 2018 and 2017 was $14.5 million
 $14.8 million and $12.7 million
 14
 14
 12
Stockholders' equity
 14
 14
 12
657




December 31
December 31
 1
 2
 2
 5
 4
 (1
 (3
 (1
 (4
 (1
 1
 2
980




The reconciliation of the United States federal statutory tax provision to the Company&#8217;s provision for income taxes for the&#160;years ended December&#160;31
 2019
 2018 and 2017 (in thousands
 19
 14
 14
State income taxes
 (6
 (1
 (1
 1
 14
 14
 12
605































































Tabular disclosure of the components of income tax expense attributable to continuing operations for each year presented including
 but not limited to: current tax expense (benefit)
 deferred tax expense (benefit)
 investment tax credits
 government grants
 the benefits of operating loss carryforwards
 tax expense that results from allocating certain tax benefits either directly to contributed capital or to reduce goodwill or other noncurrent intangible assets of an acquired entity
 adjustments of a deferred tax liability or asset for enacted changes in tax laws or rates or a change in the tax status of the entity
 and adjustments of the beginning-of-the-year balances of a valuation allowance because of a change in circumstances that causes a change in judgment about the realizability of the related deferred tax asset in future years.




























Tabular disclosure of the components of net deferred tax asset or liability recognized in an entity's statement of financial position
 including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities
 the total of all deferred tax assets
 the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Dec. 31
 2019
Feb. 14
 2020
Jun. 28
 2019































 $0.001 par value per share









  2019



























&#160;Inc.







Entity Incorporation
 State or Country Code

















Entity Address
 Address Line One








Entity Address
 City or Town








Entity Address
 State or Province








Entity Address
 Postal Zip Code


































































































Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding



765
154









































































































































































 -Name Forms 10-K
 20-F
 40-F



























Fiscal period values are FY
 Q1
 Q2
 and Q3.  1st
 2nd and 3rd quarter 10-Q or 10-QT statements have value Q1
 Q2
 and Q3 respectively
 with 10-K
 10-KT or other fiscal year statements having FY.




























This is focus fiscal year of the document report in CCYY format. For a 2006 annual report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.




























The end date of the period reflected on the cover page if a periodic report. For all other reports and registration statements containing historical data
 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD.





























 -Name Forms 10-K
 10-Q
 20-F



























The type of document being provided (such as 10-K
 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word 'Other'.




























Address Line 1 such as Attn
 Building Name
 Street Name
















































































































































Indicate number of shares or other units outstanding of each of registrant's classes of capital or common stock or other ownership interests
 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.




























Indicate 'Yes' or 'No' whether registrants (1) have filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that registrants were required to file such reports)
 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.

























































Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits
 the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits
 the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters
 and the fields are separated with a hyphen.




























Indicate whether the registrant is one of the following: Large Accelerated Filer
 Accelerated Filer
 Non-accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.






















































































The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold
 or the average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of the registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter.




























The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter
 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.






















































































The Tax Identification Number (TIN)
 also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN)
 is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.

























































Indicate 'Yes' or 'No' if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.

























































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018
















Common stock
 par value






Common stock
 shares authorized

000
000


000
000



Common stock
 issued

272
000


117
000



Common stock
 outstanding

764
000


868
000



Treasury stock
 common
 shares

000


000






























































































Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2019






Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]




Property
 plant and equipment
 useful life









Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]




Property
 plant and equipment
 useful life









Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]




Property
 plant and equipment
 useful life









Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]




Property
 plant and equipment
 useful life









Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]




Property
 plant and equipment
 useful life









Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]




Property
 plant and equipment
 useful life





































Useful life of long lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days. Examples include
 but not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment.











































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Property
 Plant and Equipment (Narrative) (Detail) - USD ($)



Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017
























Amount of expense charged against earnings to allocate the cost of tangible and intangible assets over their remaining economic lives
 classified as other.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2019







&#160;- Cash and cash equivalents consist of cash on deposit in financial institutions
&#160;&#8211; Our cash and cash equivalents and available-for-sale securities are maintained at several financial institutions and the balances with these financial institutions often exceed the amount of insurance provided on such accounts by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. The cash and cash equivalents generally are maintained with financial institutions with reputable credit
 and therefore bear minimal credit risk. Historically
Our financial instruments include cash and cash equivalents
 investment in available-for-sale securities
 and trade receivables. The carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalents
Accounts receivable are recorded net of provisions for doubtful accounts. Allowances for doubtful accounts are based primarily on an analysis of aged accounts receivable balances
 credit card chargeback trends and activities and the credit worthiness of our clients as determined by credit checks and analysis
 as well as customer payment history. The allowance for doubtful accounts as of December&#160;31
 2019 and 2018 was $0.2 million and $0.4 million
Inventories consist principally of packaged meal replacements held in the Company&#8217;s warehouses. Inventory is stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value
 utilizing the first-in
 first-out method. The cost of finished goods includes the cost of raw materials
 packaging supplies
 direct and indirect labor and other indirect manufacturing costs. On a quarterly basis
The Company&#8217;s investments consist of debt securities classified as available-for-sale securities. Available-for-sale debt securities are stated at fair value and unrealized holding gains and losses
 net of the related deferred tax effect
 are reported as a separate component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) in stockholders&#8217; equity. Interest and dividends on marketable debt securities are recognized in income when declared. Realized gains and losses
 including losses from declines in value of specific securities determined by management to be other-than-temporary
 if any
Property
 Plant
Property
Long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to estimated undiscounted future cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. If the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its estimated future cash flows
Our revenue is derived primarily from point of sale transactions executed over an ecommerce platform for weight loss
 weight management and other consumable health and nutritional products.  Revenue is recognized upon receipt by customer and net of discounts
 rebates
 promotional adjustments
 price adjustments
Revenue is recognized when control of the promised products is transferred to our clients
 in an amount that reflects the consideration we expect to be entitled to in exchange for transferring those products.  When determining whether the customer has obtained control of the products
A performance obligation is a promise in a contract to transfer a distinct good or service to the customer

 Revenue from Contracts with Customers
 or as
Our performance obligations are satisfied at a point in time. Revenue from products transferred to clients at a point in time accounted for substantially all of our revenue for the years ended December 31
 2019 and 2018. Revenue on these contracts is recognized when obligations under the terms of the contract with our customer are satisfied.  Generally
Our sales contracts may give clients the option to purchase additional products priced at a discount.  Options to acquire additional products at a discount can come in many forms
We reduce the transaction price for certain customer reward programs and incentive offerings including pricing arrangements
 promotions
 incentives that represent variable consideration and separate performance obligations. The Company accounts for sales rewards as a separate performance obligation of the transactions
We expense sales commissions and credit card fees during the period in which the corresponding revenue is earned.  These costs are deferred along with the revenues for goods that are in transit and not received by clients by period end.  These costs are recorded in selling
The nature
 amount
 timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows from our revenues amongst contracts
 product offerings and clients do not differentiate and are recognized consistently based on policies discussed above. In addition
 effective January 1
 2018
 we changed how we internally and externally report our revenues to simplify and align with changes in how we manage our business
VIA business and the significance this business represents to the overall results of the Company.  We considered the following factors in making this decision: the nature of business activities overlapping amongst previous defined sales channels
 The Company determines if an arrangement is a lease at inception and categorize leases with contractual terms longer than twelve months as either operating or finance. All the Company&#8217;s leases are operating leases. The right-of-use (&#8220;ROU&#8221;) assets represent the Company&#8217;s right to use an underlying asset for the lease term
 and lease liabilities represent an obligation to make lease payments arising from the lease. ROU assets and lease liabilities are recognized at the lease commencement date based on the present value of lease payments over the lease term. As most of the Company&#8217;s leases do not provide an implicit interest rate
Advertising costs are expensed as incurred
 except for the preparation
 layout
 design and production of advertising costs which are expensed when the advertisement is first used. Advertising expense
 excluding broker fees
 for the&#160;years ended December&#160;31
 2019
 2018 and 2017
 amounted to $5.3 million
 $6.0 million and $7.7 million
The Company incurs research and development costs in connection with the development of new products and programs
 which are expensed as incurred. The Company incurred $2.7 million
 $2.2 million and $1.5 million in research and development expense for the&#160;years ended December&#160;31
 2019
 2018 and 2017
Share-based compensation consists primarily of restricted stock awards
 market and performance-based share awards
 and stock options granted to employees and directors. Restricted stock awards are measured at the grant date
 based on the calculated fair value of the award
The benefit of a tax position is recognized in the consolidated financial statements in the period during which
 based on all available evidence
 management believes it is more-likely-than-not that the position will be sustained upon examination
 including the resolution of appeals or litigation processes
We evaluated our tax positions and determined that we did not have any material uncertain tax positions. Our policy is to recognize interest and penalties accrued on uncertain tax positions as part of income tax expense. For the&#160;years ended December&#160;31
 2019
 2018 and 2017
 no material estimated interest or penalties were recognized for the uncertainty of certain tax positions. We file income tax returns in the United States
 and various states and foreign jurisdictions. We are generally no longer subject to United States federal
Deferred tax assets are recognized for deductible temporary differences and deferred tax liabilities are recognized for taxable temporary differences. Temporary differences are the differences between the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and their tax bases. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance when
 in the opinion of management
Other comprehensive income refers to revenues
 expenses
 gains and losses that are not included in net income but rather are recorded directly in stockholders&#8217; equity. Comprehensive income consists of net income
In February 2018
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2018-02
 to address a specific consequence of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (&#8220;TCJA&#8221;) by allowing a reclassification from accumulated other comprehensive income to retained earnings for stranded tax effects resulting from the TCJA&#8217;s reduction of the U.S. federal corporate income tax rate. This ASU was effective for all entities for annual periods beginning after December 15
 2018
 with early adoption permitted
In February 2016
 the FASB issued ASU 2016-02
 
 which requires an entity to recognize a ROU asset and a lease liability on the balance sheet for all leases
 including operating leases
 and also requires disclosures about the amount
 timing and uncertainty of cash flows arising from leases. Subsequent to the issuance of Topic 842
On January 1
 2019
 the Company adopted ASC 842 using the modified retrospective method for all lease arrangements at the beginning of the period of adoption. Results for reporting periods beginning January 1
 2019 are presented under ASC 842

 Leases
 but did not have a significant impact on the Company&#8217;s consolidated results of operations or cash flows. The most significant impact was the recognition of ROU assets and lease liabilities for operating leases. For leases that commenced before the effective date of ASC 842
As a result of the cumulative impact of adopting ASC 842
 the Company recorded ROU assets of $11.9 million
 net of $0.7 million of accrued rent and lease liabilities of $12.6 million as of January 1
 2019
 primarily related to office and warehouse space and certain equipment
We have considered all new accounting pronouncements and have concluded that there are no new pronouncements that may have a material impact on our results of operations
 financial condition
 or cash flows
 based on current information
In August 2018
 the FASB issued ASU 2018-15

 
 2019
In December 2019
 the FASB issued ASU 2019-12

 
allocating consolidated income taxes to separate financial statements of entities not subject to income tax. This ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2020
 with early adoption permitted. Upon adoption
 the Company must apply certain aspects of this standard retrospectively for all periods presented while other aspects are applied on a modified retrospective basis through a cumulative-effect adjustment to retained earnings as of the beginning of the fiscal year of adoption. Management is currently evaluating the effect that the provisions of ASU 2019-12 will have on the Company&#8217;s consolidated financial statements.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2019







Certain financial assets and liabilities are accounted for at fair value
Level 2&#160;&#8211; Pricing inputs are other than quoted prices in active markets included in Level 1
December 31
 36
 36
 36
 35
 35
 35
 5
 5
 5
 2
 2
 2
 43
 43
 40
 2
 12
 12
 12
 92
 92
 76
 15
December 31
 35
 35
 35
 40
 40
 40
 5
 5
 5
 2
 2
 2
 48
 48
 45
 2
 16
 16
 16
 100
 101
 81
 19
The Company had no realized losses or gains for the&#160;years ended December&#160;31
 2019
 2018 and 2017
 respectively. As of December&#160;31
 2019
 2018
 and 2017
 gross unrealized losses and gains related to individual securities that had been in a continuous loss position for 12&#160;months or longer were not significant. The maturities of the Company&#8217;s investment securities generally range up to 3 years for municipal bonds and for government and agency securities.







The entire disclosure for financial instruments. This disclosure includes
 but is not limited to
 fair value measurements of short and long term marketable securities
 international currencies forward contracts
 and auction rate securities. Financial instruments may include hedging and non-hedging currency exchange instruments
 derivatives
 securitizations and securities available for sale at fair value. Also included are investment results
 realized and unrealized gains and losses as well as impairments and risk management disclosures.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2019







The following table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted EPS for the&#160;years ended December&#160;31
 2019
 2018 and 2017 (in thousands
 77
 55
 27
 11
 11
 11
 12
 12
 12
The calculation of diluted earnings per share excluded 984
 298
 and 3
125 antidilutive options outstanding for the&#160;years ended December&#160;31
 2019
 2018 and 2017
 respectively. The calculation of diluted earnings per share for the&#160;years ended December&#160;31
 2019
 2018 and 2017 also excluded 718
 258 and 0 antidilutive restricted stock awards
 respectively.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }













Operating Leases
 Future Minimum Payments Due
 Fiscal Year Maturity [Abstract]






496





528





562





222





155





582





545
































































Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due after the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Dec. 21
 2017
Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017

















396


815


114



State income taxes
 net of federal benefit




































424)


852)


191)







004








































Income Tax Expense (Benefit)
 Total



447


759


605



Effective tax rate
 Statutory federal tax










Effective tax rate
 State income taxes
 net of federal benefit










Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation
 Foreign Taxes










Effective tax rate
 Domestic manufacturer deduction










Effective tax rate
 Share-based compensation










Effective tax rate
 Other permanent differences










Effective tax rate
 Research and development and jobs credits










Effective tax rate
 Effect of Federal tax law change










Effective tax rate
 Other










Effective tax rate
 Total




























































































































































































Percentage of difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying domestic federal statutory income tax rate to pretax income (loss) from continuing operation
 attributable to nondeductible expense for share-based payment arrangement.




























Percentage of the difference
 between reported income tax expense (benefit) and the expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations
 that is attributable to tax exempt income
 equity in earnings (loss) of an unconsolidated subsidiary
 minority interest income (expense)
 tax holiday
 disposition of a business
 disposition of an asset
 repatriation of foreign earnings
 repatriation of foreign earnings jobs creation act of 2004
 change in enacted tax rate
 prior year income taxes
 change in deferred tax asset valuation allowance
 and other adjustments.




























Percentage of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations applicable to state and local income tax expense (benefit)
 net of federal tax expense (benefit).


















































































































Amount of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations
 attributable to increase (decrease) in the income tax rates.
















































































































































Amount of reported income tax expense (benefit) in excess of (less than) expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying domestic federal statutory income tax rate to pretax income (loss) from continuing operation
 attributable to nondeductible expense for award under share-based payment arrangement. Includes
 but is not limited to
 expense determined to be nondeductible upon grant or after for award under share-based payment arrangement.




























Amount of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to tax exempt income
 equity in earnings (loss) of an unconsolidated subsidiary
 minority noncontrolling interest income (loss)
 tax holiday
 disposition of a business
 disposition of an asset
 repatriation of foreign earnings
 repatriation of foreign earnings jobs creation act of 2004
 increase (decrease) in enacted tax rate
 prior year income taxes
 increase (decrease) in deferred tax asset valuation allowance
 and other adjustments.



































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 $ / shares in Units
 $ in Thousands




Dec. 21
 2017
Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017

















000







Income tax expense (benefit)
 intraperiod tax allocation



522


802


657














Effective tax rate
 Statutory federal tax














447


759


605














Effective tax rate
 Share-based compensation






































































































































Percentage of difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying domestic federal statutory income tax rate to pretax income (loss) from continuing operation
 attributable to nondeductible expense for share-based payment arrangement.

























































Amount of income tax expense (benefit) for continuing operations
 discontinued operations
 other comprehensive income
 and items charged (credited) directly to shareholders' equity.




























Amount of operating loss carryforward
 before tax effects
 available to reduce future taxable income under enacted tax laws.






























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018











608


017





186


626





719


137





409


309





598


546





818


817





333


797





549


074





220


323




































Sum of the carrying values as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred through that date and due within one year (or the operating cycle
 if longer)
 including liabilities incurred (and for which invoices have typically been received) and payable to vendors for goods and services received
 taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities
 accrued salaries and bonuses
 payroll taxes and fringe benefits.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)




















































































Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred through that date and payable for the marketing
 trade and selling of the entity's goods and services.   Marketing costs would include expenditures for planning and executing the conception
 pricing
 promotion
 and distribution of ideas
 goods
 and services; costs of public relations and corporate promotions; and obligations incurred and payable for sales discounts
 rebates
 price protection programs
 etc. offered to customers and under government programs. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).






















































































Amount of obligation to transfer good or service to customer for which consideration has been received or is receivable
 classified as current.

























































Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of liabilities incurred through that date and payable for statutory sales and use taxes
 including value added tax. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 $ / shares in Units
 $ in Thousands





Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2019
May 18
 2017

















520


124


267






























600
000































000


000


000



































900


200


400









500


500


100

































Share-based compensation arrangement
 fair value of awards vested

700


600


800









000


000











000


000











700






700








































































700






700




















600






600































Share-based compensation
 shares authorized under stock option plans
 exercise price range
 lower range limit












Share-based compensation
 shares authorized under stock option plans
 exercise price range
 upper range limit














000


100





































000


000


















































780













600






600














































000




















































300




















































780












































Weighted-average period over which cost not yet recognized is expected to be recognized for award under share-based payment arrangement
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
















































































































































Period over which grantee's right to exercise award under share-based payment arrangement is no longer contingent on satisfaction of service or performance condition
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days. Includes
 but is not limited to
 combination of market
 performance or service condition.




























The number of grants made during the period on other than stock (or unit) option plans (for example
 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).




























The number of equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that vested during the reporting period.




























Fair value of share-based awards for which the grantee gained the right by satisfying service and performance requirements
 to receive or retain shares or units
 other instruments
 or cash.










































































































































































































Period from grant date that an equity-based award expires
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.

























































Weighted average remaining contractual term for vested portions of options outstanding and currently exercisable or convertible
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























Weighted average remaining contractual term for option awards outstanding
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.



































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018


































Amount
 after tax
 of accumulated unrealized gain (loss) on investment in debt security measured at fair value with change in fair value recognized in other comprehensive income (available-for-sale).




























Accumulated adjustment
 net of tax
 that results from the process of translating subsidiary financial statements and foreign equity investments into the reporting currency from the functional currency of the reporting entity
 net of reclassification of realized foreign currency translation gains or losses.




























Accumulated change in equity from transactions and other events and circumstances from non-owner sources
 net of tax effect
 at period end. Excludes Net Income (Loss)
 and accumulated changes in equity from transactions resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners. Includes foreign currency translation items
 certain pension adjustments
 unrealized gains and losses on certain investments in debt and equity securities
 other than temporary impairment (OTTI) losses related to factors other than credit losses on available-for-sale and held-to-maturity debt securities that an entity does not intend to sell and it is not more likely than not that the entity will be required to sell before recovery of the amortized cost basis
 as well as changes in the fair value of derivatives related to the effective portion of a designated cash flow hedge.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2019






Cash and Available for Sale Securities Adjusted Cost
 Gross Unrealized Gains
 Gross Unrealized Losses
 and Fair Value by Significant Investment Category
December 31
 36
 36
 36
 35
 35
 35
 5
 5
 5
 2
 2
 2
 43
 43
 40
 2
 12
 12
 12
 92
 92
 76
 15
December 31
 35
 35
 35
 40
 40
 40
 5
 5
 5
 2
 2
 2
 48
 48
 45
 2
 16
 16
 16
 100
 101
 81
 19
670













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2019







December 31
December 31
 22
 19
 13
 10
 13
 9
 10
 8
 5
 5
 4
 3
 4
 2
 1
 1
 76
 60
323



































Tabular disclosure of the (a) carrying value as of the balance sheet date of liabilities incurred (and for which invoices have typically been received) and payable to vendors for goods and services received that are used in an entity's business (accounts payable); (b) other payables; and (c) accrued liabilities. Examples include taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer). An alternative caption includes accrued expenses.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2019






















&#160;- Cash and cash equivalents consist of cash on deposit in financial institutions
 institutional money funds and other short-term investments with a maturity of 90&#160;days or less at the time of purchase.




&#160;&#8211; Our cash and cash equivalents and available-for-sale securities are maintained at several financial institutions and the balances with these financial institutions often exceed the amount of insurance provided on such accounts by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. The cash and cash equivalents generally are maintained with financial institutions with reputable credit
 and therefore bear minimal credit risk. Historically
 we have not experienced any losses due to such concentration of credit risk.




Our financial instruments include cash and cash equivalents
 investment in available-for-sale securities
 and trade receivables. The carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalents
 and trade 




Accounts receivable are recorded net of provisions for doubtful accounts. Allowances for doubtful accounts are based primarily on an analysis of aged accounts receivable balances
 credit card chargeback trends and activities and the credit worthiness of our clients as determined by credit checks and analysis
 as well as customer payment history. The allowance for doubtful accounts as of December&#160;31
 2019 and 2018 was $0.2 million and $0.4 million
 respectively.




Inventories consist principally of packaged meal replacements held in the Company&#8217;s warehouses. Inventory is stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value
 utilizing the first-in
 first-out method. The cost of finished goods includes the cost of raw materials
 packaging supplies
 direct and indirect labor and other indirect manufacturing costs. On a quarterly basis
 management reviews inventory for unsalable or obsolete inventory.




The Company&#8217;s investments consist of debt securities classified as available-for-sale securities. Available-for-sale debt securities are stated at fair value and unrealized holding gains and losses
 net of the related deferred tax effect
 are reported as a separate component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) in stockholders&#8217; equity. Interest and dividends on marketable debt securities are recognized in income when declared. Realized gains and losses
 including losses from declines in value of specific securities determined by management to be other-than-temporary
 if any
 are included in income.



Property
 Plant
 and Equipment
Property
 Plant
Property
 plant and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization. The Company computes depreciation and amortization using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets acquired as follows:




Long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to estimated undiscounted future cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. If the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its estimated future cash flows
 an impairment charge is recognized by the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the fair value of the asset.




Our revenue is derived primarily from point of sale transactions executed over an ecommerce platform for weight loss
 weight management and other consumable health and nutritional products.  Revenue is recognized upon receipt by customer and net of discounts
 rebates
 promotional adjustments
 price adjustments
Revenue is recognized when control of the promised products is transferred to our clients
 in an amount that reflects the consideration we expect to be entitled to in exchange for transferring those products.  When determining whether the customer has obtained control of the products
A performance obligation is a promise in a contract to transfer a distinct good or service to the customer

 Revenue from Contracts with Customers
 or as
Our performance obligations are satisfied at a point in time. Revenue from products transferred to clients at a point in time accounted for substantially all of our revenue for the years ended December 31
 2019 and 2018. Revenue on these contracts is recognized when obligations under the terms of the contract with our customer are satisfied.  Generally
Our sales contracts may give clients the option to purchase additional products priced at a discount.  Options to acquire additional products at a discount can come in many forms
We reduce the transaction price for certain customer reward programs and incentive offerings including pricing arrangements
 promotions
 incentives that represent variable consideration and separate performance obligations. The Company accounts for sales rewards as a separate performance obligation of the transactions
We expense sales commissions and credit card fees during the period in which the corresponding revenue is earned.  These costs are deferred along with the revenues for goods that are in transit and not received by clients by period end.  These costs are recorded in selling
The nature
 amount
 timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows from our revenues amongst contracts
 product offerings and clients do not differentiate and are recognized consistently based on policies discussed above. In addition
 effective January 1
 2018
 we changed how we internally and externally report our revenues to simplify and align with changes in how we manage our business
VIA business and the significance this business represents to the overall results of the Company.  We considered the following factors in making this decision: the nature of business activities overlapping amongst previous defined sales channels
 the management structure directly accountable to our chief operating decision maker for operating and administrative activities and information presented to the Board of Directors and investors.  




 The Company determines if an arrangement is a lease at inception and categorize leases with contractual terms longer than twelve months as either operating or finance. All the Company&#8217;s leases are operating leases. The right-of-use (&#8220;ROU&#8221;) assets represent the Company&#8217;s right to use an underlying asset for the lease term
 and lease liabilities represent an obligation to make lease payments arising from the lease. ROU assets and lease liabilities are recognized at the lease commencement date based on the present value of lease payments over the lease term. As most of the Company&#8217;s leases do not provide an implicit interest rate
 the Company uses its incremental borrowing rate based on the information 




Advertising costs are expensed as incurred
 except for the preparation
 layout
 design and production of advertising costs which are expensed when the advertisement is first used. Advertising expense
 excluding broker fees
 for the&#160;years ended December&#160;31
 2019
 2018 and 2017
 amounted to $5.3 million
 $6.0 million and $7.7 million
 respectively.




The Company incurs research and development costs in connection with the development of new products and programs
 which are expensed as incurred. The Company incurred $2.7 million
 $2.2 million and $1.5 million in research and development expense for the&#160;years ended December&#160;31
 2019
 2018 and 2017
 respectively.




Share-based compensation consists primarily of restricted stock awards
 market and performance-based share awards
 and stock options granted to employees and directors. Restricted stock awards are measured at the grant date
 based on the calculated fair value of the award
 and are recognized as an expense over the requisite service period. The fair value of the incentive stock options and non-qualified stock options is calculated using the Black-Scholes option pricing model as of the grant date and recognized over the service period. Market and performance-based share awards that are tied to the Company&#8217;s total shareholder return and stock price are valued using the Monte Carlo method and are recognized as expense over the award&#8217;s achievement period. The Company issues new shares upon the exercise of stock options and the granting of restricted stock awards.




The benefit of a tax position is recognized in the consolidated financial statements in the period during which
 based on all available evidence
 management believes it is more-likely-than-not that the position will be sustained upon examination
 including the resolution of appeals or litigation processes
We evaluated our tax positions and determined that we did not have any material uncertain tax positions. Our policy is to recognize interest and penalties accrued on uncertain tax positions as part of income tax expense. For the&#160;years ended December&#160;31
 2019
 2018 and 2017
 no material estimated interest or penalties were recognized for the uncertainty of certain tax positions. We file income tax returns in the United States
 and various states and foreign jurisdictions. We are generally no longer subject to United States federal
Deferred tax assets are recognized for deductible temporary differences and deferred tax liabilities are recognized for taxable temporary differences. Temporary differences are the differences between the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and their tax bases. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance when
 in the opinion of management
 it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are adjusted for the effects of changes in tax laws and rates on the date of enactment.









Other comprehensive income refers to revenues
 expenses
 gains and losses that are not included in net income but rather are recorded directly in stockholders&#8217; equity. Comprehensive income consists of net income
 unrealized gains and losses on available-for-sale securities and foreign currency translation adjustments.




In February 2018
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2018-02
 to address a specific consequence of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (&#8220;TCJA&#8221;) by allowing a reclassification from accumulated other comprehensive income to retained earnings for stranded tax effects resulting from the TCJA&#8217;s reduction of the U.S. federal corporate income tax rate. This ASU was effective for all entities for annual periods beginning after December 15
 2018
 with early adoption permitted
In February 2016
 the FASB issued ASU 2016-02
 
 which requires an entity to recognize a ROU asset and a lease liability on the balance sheet for all leases
 including operating leases
 and also requires disclosures about the amount
 timing and uncertainty of cash flows arising from leases. Subsequent to the issuance of Topic 842
On January 1
 2019
 the Company adopted ASC 842 using the modified retrospective method for all lease arrangements at the beginning of the period of adoption. Results for reporting periods beginning January 1
 2019 are presented under ASC 842

 Leases
 but did not have a significant impact on the Company&#8217;s consolidated results of operations or cash flows. The most significant impact was the recognition of ROU assets and lease liabilities for operating leases. For leases that commenced before the effective date of ASC 842
As a result of the cumulative impact of adopting ASC 842
 the Company recorded ROU assets of $11.9 million
 net of $0.7 million of accrued rent and lease liabilities of $12.6 million as of January 1
 2019
 primarily related to office and warehouse space and certain equipment
We have considered all new accounting pronouncements and have concluded that there are no new pronouncements that may have a material impact on our results of operations
 financial condition
 or cash flows
 based on current information
In August 2018
 the FASB issued ASU 2018-15

 
 2019
In December 2019
 the FASB issued ASU 2019-12

 
allocating consolidated income taxes to separate financial statements of entities not subject to income tax. This ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2020
 with early adoption permitted. Upon adoption
 the Company must apply certain aspects of this standard retrospectively for all periods presented while other aspects are applied on a modified retrospective basis through a cumulative-effect adjustment to retained earnings as of the beginning of the fiscal year of adoption. Management is currently evaluating the effect that the provisions of ASU 2019-12 will have on the Company&#8217;s consolidated financial statements.





























































































Disclosure of accounting policy for cash and cash equivalents
 including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents
 (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk
 (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts)
 and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example
 at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.






















































































Disclosure of accounting policy for computing basic and diluted earnings or loss per share for each class of common stock and participating security. Addresses all significant policy factors
 including any antidilutive items that have been excluded from the computation and takes into account stock dividends
 splits and reverse splits that occur after the balance sheet date of the latest reporting period but before the issuance of the financial statements.






















































































Disclosure of accounting policy for income taxes
 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.




























Disclosure of inventory accounting policy for inventory classes
 including
 but not limited to
 basis for determining inventory amounts
 methods by which amounts are added and removed from inventory classes
 loss recognition on impairment of inventories
 and situations in which inventories are stated above cost.






















































































Disclosure of accounting policy pertaining to new accounting pronouncements that may impact the entity's financial reporting. Includes
 but is not limited to
 quantification of the expected or actual impact.




























The entire disclosure for the general note to the financial statements for the reporting entity which may include
 descriptions of the basis of presentation
 business description
 significant accounting policies
 consolidations
 reclassifications
 new pronouncements not yet adopted and changes in accounting principles.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy for long-lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 basis of assets
 depreciation and depletion methods used
 including composite deprecation
 estimated useful lives
 capitalization policy
 accounting treatment for costs incurred for repairs and maintenance
 capitalized interest and the method it is calculated
 disposals and impairments.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for costs it has incurred (1) in a planned search or critical investigation aimed at discovery of new knowledge with the hope that such knowledge will be useful in developing a new product or service
 a new process or technique
 or in bringing about a significant improvement to an existing product or process; or (2) to translate research findings or other knowledge into a plan or design for a new product or process or for a significant improvement to an existing product or process.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy for award under share-based payment arrangement. Includes
 but is not limited to
 methodology and assumption used in measuring cost.
 -Subparagraph (b)
(f)





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017

















































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017

















125

























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017


































































































The estimated measure of the percentage by which a share price is expected to fluctuate during a period. Volatility also may be defined as a probability-weighted measure of the dispersion of returns about the mean. The volatility of a share price is the standard deviation of the continuously compounded rates of return on the share over a specified period. That is the same as the standard deviation of the differences in the natural logarithms of the stock prices plus dividends
 if any
 over the period.

























































Expected term of award under share-based payment arrangement
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Property
 Plant And Equipment (Tables)


Dec. 31
 2019

Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]




Property
 Plant and Equipment
Property
 plant
December 31
December 31
 12
 12
 17
 12
 17
 28
Property
 49
 54
 23
 34
Property
 26
 19
747



































Tabular disclosure of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances by class of assets
 depreciation and depletion expense and method used
 including composite depreciation
 and accumulated deprecation.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2019







(in thousands
 165
 187
 190
 170
 125
 140
 142
 128
 25
 27
 20
 18
 20
 21
 15
 19
 98
 117
 139
 145
 74
 88
 107
 109
 14
 17
 17
 20
 12
 14
 13
 15
Earnings per share (sometimes referred to as &#8220;EPS&#8221;) is computed independently for each of the quarters presented; accordingly
 the sum of the quarterly earnings per share may not equal the total computed for the&#160;year.



































The entire disclosure for quarterly financial data. Includes
 but is not limited to
 tabular presentation of financial information for fiscal quarters
 effect of year-end adjustments
 and an explanation of matters or transactions that affect comparability of the information.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2019







The following table sets forth the components of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)
December 31
December 31
 2018













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Property
 Plant And Equipment (Property
 Plant and Equipment) (Detail) - USD ($)
Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]






Property
 plant and equipment
 gross

055


461





016


714



Property
 plant and equipment- net

039


747










Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]






Property
 plant and equipment
 gross













Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]






Property
 plant and equipment
 gross

890


881










Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]






Property
 plant and equipment
 gross

739


187










Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]






Property
 plant and equipment
 gross

716


683










Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]






Property
 plant and equipment
 gross










Amount of accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization for physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services.




























Amount before accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.

























































Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.
















































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2019







Medifast
&#160;Inc. (the &#8220;Company&#8221; or &#8220;Medifast&#8221;) is a Delaware corporation
 incorporated in 1989. The Company&#8217;s operations are primarily conducted through its wholly owned subsidiaries
 Jason Pharmaceuticals
&#160;Inc.
VIA
 LLC
 Jason Enterprises
&#160;Inc.
 Jason Properties
 LLC
 Medifast Franchise Systems
&#160;Inc.
 Medifast Nutrition
&#160;Inc.
 Seven Crondall Associates
 LLC
 Corporate Events
&#160;Inc.
 
 which offers Lifelong Transformation
VIA is a highly effective lifestyle solution for people for whom diets alone have failed.  The Company has one modern
 United States Food and Drug Administration (the &#8220;FDA&#8221;) approved manufacturing facility located in Owings Mills
Medifast sells a variety of weight loss
 weight management and healthy living products all based on our proprietary formulas under the Medifast
 
 Thrive by Medifast
 Optimal Health by Take Shape for Life
 brands.  The Company&#8217;s product line includes more than 170 consumable options
 including
 but not limited to
 bars
 bites
 pretzels
 puffs
 cereal crunch
 drinks
 hearty choices
 oatmeal
 pancakes
 pudding
 soft serve
 shakes
 smoothies
 soft bakes
 and soups.  Medifast&#8217;s nutritional products are formulated with high-quality ingredients. The processing
 formulation
 packaging
 labeling and advertising of the Company&#8217;s products are subject to regulation by one or more federal agencies
 including the FDA
 the Federal Trade Commission (the &#8220;FTC&#8221;)
 the Consumer Product Safety Commission
 the United States Department of Agriculture
 and the United States Environmental Protection Agency.







The entire disclosure for the business description and basis of presentation concepts.  Business description describes the nature and type of organization including but not limited to organizational structure as may be applicable to holding companies
 parent and subsidiary relationships
 business divisions
 business units
 business segments
 affiliates and information about significant ownership of the reporting entity.  Basis of presentation describes the underlying basis used to prepare the financial statements (for example
 US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
 Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting
 IFRS).





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2019







Year ended December 31
 3
 3
489




The following table presents the maturity of the Company&#8217;s operating lease liabilities as of December 31
 3
 3
 3
 1
 1
 1
 14
 (1
 13
601




As previously disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31
 2018
 and under the previous lease accounting standard
 1
 1
 1
 1
 1
 2
 9
545
































































Tabular disclosure of undiscounted cash flows of lessee's operating lease liability. Includes
 but is not limited to
 reconciliation of undiscounted cash flows to operating lease liability recognized in statement of financial position.




























Tabular disclosure for lessee's operating leases. Includes
 but is not limited to
 description of lessee's operating lease
 existence and terms of renewal or purchase options and escalation clauses
 restrictions imposed by lease
 such as those concerning dividends
 additional debt
 and further leasing
 rent holidays
 rent concessions
 or leasehold improvement incentives and unusual provisions or conditions.
 -Subparagraph (Note 1
3)








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018











974


364



Accounts receivable-net of doubtful accounts of $235 and $394 at December 31
 2019 and December 31
 2018
 respectively

437


011





771


888





704


670



Income taxes
 prepaid

169







096


586





151


519



Property
 plant and equipment - net

039


747





803









183





307


980





653


429












220


323





168







388


323










Lease obligation
 less current lease obligation

433







821


323










Common stock
 par value $.001 per share: 20
000 shares authorized; 12
272 and 12
117 issued and 11
764 and 11
868 outstanding at December 31

 2019 and December 31
 2018
 respectively










802












788


344



Less: Treasury stock at cost
 489 and 193 shares at December 31
 2019 and December 31
 2018
 respectively

993)


879)





832


106





653


429







Sum of the carrying values as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred through that date and due within one year (or the operating cycle
 if longer)
 including liabilities incurred (and for which invoices have typically been received) and payable to vendors for goods and services received
 taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities
 accrued salaries and bonuses
 payroll taxes and fringe benefits.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)



























Amount
 after allowance for credit loss
 of right to consideration from customer for product sold and service rendered in normal course of business
 classified as current.




























Accumulated change in equity from transactions and other events and circumstances from non-owner sources
 net of tax effect
 at period end. Excludes Net Income (Loss)
 and accumulated changes in equity from transactions resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners. Includes foreign currency translation items
 certain pension adjustments
 unrealized gains and losses on certain investments in debt and equity securities
 other than temporary impairment (OTTI) losses related to factors other than credit losses on available-for-sale and held-to-maturity debt securities that an entity does not intend to sell and it is not more likely than not that the entity will be required to sell before recovery of the amortized cost basis
 as well as changes in the fair value of derivatives related to the effective portion of a designated cash flow hedge.




























Excess of issue price over par or stated value of the entity's capital stock and amounts received from other transactions involving the entity's stock or stockholders. Includes adjustments to additional paid in capital. Some examples of such adjustments include recording the issuance of debt with a beneficial conversion feature and certain tax consequences of equity instruments awarded to employees. Use this element for the aggregate amount of additional paid-in capital associated with common and preferred stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only common stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 common stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only preferred stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 preferred stock.

























































Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are expected to be realized in cash
 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
























































Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable common stock (or common stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable common shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.




























Amount
 after allocation of valuation allowances and deferred tax liability
 of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible differences and carryforwards
 with jurisdictional netting.




























Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.

























































Amount of liabilities and equity items
 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.




























Total obligations incurred as part of normal operations that are expected to be paid during the following twelve months or within one business cycle
 if longer.




















































































Present value of lessee's discounted obligation for lease payments from operating lease
 classified as current.




























Present value of lessee's discounted obligation for lease payments from operating lease
 classified as noncurrent.






















































































Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for costs that provide economic benefits in future periods
 and amount of other assets that are expected to be realized or consumed within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for income and other taxes that provide economic benefits within a future period of one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.

























































Amount of investments including trading securities
 available-for-sale securities
 held-to-maturity securities
 and short-term investments classified as other and current.




























Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Impact of New Accounting Principles
 Income) (Detail) - USD ($)
 shares in Thousands
 $ in Thousands




Dec. 31
 2019
Sep. 30
 2019
Jun. 30
 2019
Mar. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018
Sep. 30
 2018
Jun. 30
 2018
Mar. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017





























632


061


103


876


844


239


324


596


672


003


563





















814


104


751





068


933


710


147


091


201


799


808


858


899


812



Selling
 general
 and administrative

















819


836


180





















039


063


632




























Interest income
 net

















295


306
















































324


485







981


583


778


021


170


828


619


931


363


548


326





















447


759


605





881


902


383


750


653


781


133


222


916


789


721




























Earnings per share
 basic

















































Earnings per share
 diluted



































































771


947


924





















117


079


088



















































































































































































 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)



























Amount of income (loss) from continuing operations before deduction of income tax expense (benefit) and income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest
 and addition of income (loss) from equity method investments.






















































































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.




























The aggregate amount of income or expense from ancillary business-related activities (that is to say
 excluding major activities considered part of the normal operations of the business).





















































































Amount of income (expense) related to nonoperating activities
 classified as other.




























Amount of revenue recognized from goods sold
 services rendered
 insurance premiums
 or other activities that constitute an earning process. Includes
 but is not limited to
 investment and interest income before deduction of interest expense when recognized as a component of revenue
 and sales and trading gain (loss).




























The aggregate total costs related to selling a firm's product and services
 as well as all other general and administrative expenses. Direct selling expenses (for example
 credit
 warranty
 and advertising) are expenses that can be directly linked to the sale of specific products. Indirect selling expenses are expenses that cannot be directly linked to the sale of specific products
 for example telephone expenses
 Internet
 and postal charges. General and administrative expenses include salaries of non-sales personnel
 rent
 utilities
 communication
 etc.




























The average number of shares or units issued and outstanding that are used in calculating diluted EPS or earnings per unit (EPU)
 determined based on the timing of issuance of shares or units in the period.
























































Number of [basic] shares or units
 after adjustment for contingently issuable shares or units and other shares or units not deemed outstanding
 determined by relating the portion of time within a reporting period that common shares or units have been outstanding to the total time in that period.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2019







The following table sets forth the components of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)
December 31
December 31
 2018



































The entire disclosure for comprehensive income
 which includes
 but is not limited to
 1) the amount of income tax expense or benefit allocated to each component of other comprehensive income
 including reclassification adjustments
 2) the reclassification adjustments for each classification of other comprehensive income and 3) the ending accumulated balances for each component of comprehensive income.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2019







December 31
December 31
 22
 19
 13
 10
 13
 9
 10
 8
 5
 5
 4
 3
 4
 2
 1
 1
 76
 60
323








 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(a)
20
24)




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018


















269














639


473


























716


953





034)







365)


199)





409)


973)





307


980






























































































Amount
 after allocation of valuation allowances and deferred tax liability
 of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible differences and carryforwards
 without jurisdictional netting.













































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Financial Instruments (Cash and Available for Sale Securities Adjusted Cost
 Gross Unrealized Gains
 Gross Unrealized Losses
 and Fair Value by Significant Investment Category) (Detail) - USD ($)



Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018











416


990



















678


034





974


364





704


670



















593


436





593


436





593


436



Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 1 [Member]















213


763












215


691





381


928





834


763



Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 1 [Member] | Certificates of Deposit [Member]















000


000





000


000





000


000



Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 1 [Member] | Money Market Funds [Member]















381


928





381


928





381


928



Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 1 [Member] | Government and Agency Securities [Member]















832


835












834


763





834


763



Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 2 [Member] | Municipal Bonds [Member]















610


791



















870


907





870


907




































Amount of investment in debt security measured at fair value with change in fair value recognized in other comprehensive income (available-for-sale)
 classified as current.




























Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.

























































Value of the investment at close of period. For schedules of investments that are categorized
 the value would be aggregated by category. For investment in and advances to affiliates
 if operations of any controlled companies are different in character from those of the company
 group such affiliates within divisions and by type of activities.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.12-14.Column E.2
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.12-12.Column C.3
4)































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2019
Jan. 01
 2019


Lessee
 Operating Lease
 Liability
 Payment
 Due [Abstract]








636







670







154







665







234







452







811







210)







601


600




































Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payments for operating lease
 due after fifth fiscal year following latest fiscal year.




























Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payments for operating lease
 due in next fiscal year following latest fiscal year.




























Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payments for operating lease
 due in fifth fiscal year following latest fiscal year.




























Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payments for operating lease
 due in fourth fiscal year following latest fiscal year.




























Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payments for operating lease
 due in third fiscal year following latest fiscal year.




























Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payments for operating lease
 due in second fiscal year following latest fiscal year.





















































































































