

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-14-000937
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		12
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20131231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20140331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20140331
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MENDOCINO BREWING CO INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000919134
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MALT BEVERAGES [2082]
		IRS NUMBER:				680318293
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			CA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-13636
		FILM NUMBER:		14730291
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1601 AIRPORT ROAD
		CITY:			UKIAH
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95482
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7077441015
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1601 AIRPORT ROAD
		CITY:			UKIAH
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95482









     








 D.C. 20549





EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934


 2013




OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934


__________




 INC.

Charter)



    
    
    

    
 Incorporation or Organization)
    
    
 Identification No.)



 UKIAH
 CA 95482




 Including
Area Code)


of the Act: none


of the Act:


 no par value


issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes [&nbsp;&nbsp;] No [X]


reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes [&nbsp;&nbsp;] No [X]


reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for
such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
 and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. Yes [X] No [&nbsp;&nbsp;]


and posted on its corporate Web site
 if any
 every Interactive Date File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T (&sect;232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit and post such files). Yes [X] No [&nbsp;&nbsp;]


to Item 405 of Regulations S-K is not contained herein
 and will not be contained
 to the best of the registrant&rsquo;s knowledge
in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this
Form 10-K [X]


filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company.


[&nbsp;&nbsp;]&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Accelerated Filer [&nbsp;&nbsp;]&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Non-accelerated Filer [&nbsp;&nbsp;]&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Smaller reporting company [X]


(as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes [&nbsp;&nbsp;] No [X]


held by non-affiliates of the registrant based on the average of the closing bid and asked prices for such stock as reported by
the OTC Markets Bulletin Board on June 30
 2013 was approximately $711
300.


as of March 15
 2014 was 12
611
133.








    
    




    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
UNRESOLVED
STAFF COMMENTS
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
MARKET FOR REGISTRANT&rsquo;S COMMON EQUITY
 RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
QUANTITATIVE
AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
CHANGES
IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
DIRECTORS
EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS
 AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
EXHIBIT
AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES
    
    

    
    
    
    




    
    





statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended
 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934
 as amended
 which we refer to in this Annual Report as the Exchange Act. Forward-looking statements are not statements
of historical fact but rather reflect our current expectations
 estimates and predictions about future results and events. These
statements may use words such as &ldquo;anticipate
&rdquo; &ldquo;believe
&rdquo; &ldquo;estimate
&rdquo; &ldquo;expect
&rdquo;
&ldquo;intend
&rdquo; &ldquo;predict
&rdquo; &ldquo;project&rdquo; and similar expressions as they relate to us or our Management.
Unless the context otherwise requires
 references in this Annual Report to &ldquo;we
&rdquo; &ldquo;us
&rdquo; &ldquo;our
&rdquo;
or the &ldquo;Company&rdquo; refer to Mendocino Brewing Company
 Inc. together with its subsidiaries. When we make forward-looking
statements
 we are basing them on our Management&rsquo;s beliefs and assumptions
 using information currently available to us.
These forward-looking statements are subject to risks
 uncertainties and assumptions
 including but not limited to
 risks
 uncertainties
and assumptions discussed in this Annual Report. Factors that can cause or contribute to these differences include those described
under the headings &ldquo;Risk Factors&rdquo; and &ldquo;Management Discussion and Analysis and Plan of Operation.&rdquo; If one
or more of these or other risks or uncertainties materialize
 or if our underlying assumptions prove to be incorrect
 actual results
may vary materially from what we projected. All subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements attributable to us or individuals
acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by this paragraph. You should specifically consider the factors
identified in this Annual Report
 which would cause actual results to differ before making an investment decision. We are under
no duty to update any of the forward-looking statements after the date of this Annual Report or to conform these statements to
actual results.


 such statements
could be affected by general industry and market conditions and growth rates
 and by general economic and political conditions
in the markets in which we compete. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements.



ITEM
1.




Inc.
 a California corporation
 was founded in 1983 as a limited partnership and converted to a corporation in 1993. We were one
of the first modern craft brewers
 having opened the first new brewpub in California and the second in the United States following
the repeal of Prohibition. We have been recognized for our innovations in the brewpub concept
 our craft brew style and our distinctive
labels. In this Annual Report
 the term &ldquo;the Company&rdquo; and its variants and the terms &ldquo;we
&rdquo; &ldquo;us
&rdquo;
and &ldquo;our&rdquo; and their variants are generally used to refer to Mendocino Brewing Company
 Inc. together with its subsidiaries
while the term &ldquo;MBC&rdquo; is used to refer to Mendocino Brewing Company
 Inc. as an individual entity.


markets
 (i) the United States and Canada (referred to in this Annual Report as the &ldquo;North American Territory&rdquo;) and
(ii) Europe (including Austria
 Belgium
 Denmark
 Ireland
 Italy
 the Netherlands
 France
 Finland
 Germany
 Greece
 Iceland
 Liechtenstein
Luxembourg
 Norway
 Portugal
 Spain
 Sweden
 Switzerland
 and the United Kingdom) (referred to in this Annual Report as the &ldquo;Foreign
Territory&rdquo;). Our European operations are primarily in the United Kingdom
 which is also referred to in this Annual Report
as the &ldquo;UK&rdquo;.


American Territory consist primarily of brewing and marketing proprietary craft beers
 including Red Tail Ale
 Blue Heron Pale
Ale
 Black Hawk Stout
 Eye of the Hawk Select Ale
 White Hawk Original IPA
 and Red Tail Lager
 and a licensed international specialty
beer
 Kingfisher Premium Lager. For distribution in the North American Territory
 we brew our brands in our own facilities
 which
are located in Ukiah
 California and Saratoga Springs
 New York. In the North American Territory
 we distribute our products in
most of the states
 the District of Columbia and Canada.


Territory
 which are conducted through our wholly-owned subsidiary
 United Breweries International (U.K.) Limited (&ldquo;UBIUK&rdquo;)
and UBIUK&rsquo;s wholly-owned subsidiary
 Kingfisher Beer Europe Limited (&ldquo;KBEL&rdquo;)
 which was formerly known as UBSN
Limited
 consist primarily of the marketing and distribution of Kingfisher Premium Lager through Indian restaurants
 chain retail
grocers
 liquor stores
 and other retail outlets (such as convenience stores). We hold an exclusive license
 expiring in October
2018
 from United Breweries Limited
 an Indian public limited company (&ldquo;UB Limited&rdquo;) to brew and distribute Kingfisher
Premium Lager in certain areas of the Foreign Territory. The Chairman of our board of directors
 Dr. Vijay Mallya
 is also the
Chairman of the board of directors of UB Limited.


    
    



the Foreign Territory (except for beers sold in Germany) are procured under a contract with Heineken UK Limited (&ldquo;HUK&rdquo;).
This contract expires in October 2018. KBEL is the distributor of Kingfisher Premium Lager to specialty restaurant trade distributors
liquor and convenience stores in the United Kingdom
 Ireland
 and continental Europe
 but does not physically distribute our products
to customers. KBEL relies on HUK for distribution of the product in the Foreign Territory in exchange for a fee paid to HUK
 except
for in Germany where beers are manufactured and distributed pursuant to a separate contract with a different entity. In addition
HUK has the exclusive right to sell Kingfisher Premium Lager
 for a royalty fee
 to certain large retail customers
 including
but not limited to
 Sainsbury&rsquo;s
 Asda
 and Tesco.




brand
 Red Tail Ale
 in December 1983
 and conducted our initial public offering in February 1995. We completed construction of
our brewery in Ukiah
 California in May 1997. This facility
 which has a current annual packaging capacity of 100
000 brewers&rsquo;
barrels (&ldquo;bbl.&rdquo;) assuming one eight hour shift per day
 was designed to enable our production capacity at such facility
to be expanded to 200
000 bbl. per year with additional equipment.


Releta Brewing Company
 LLC
 d/b/a Ten Springs Brewery (&ldquo;Releta&rdquo;)
 which is located in Saratoga Springs
 New York
commenced production in our leased facilities in February 1998. This facility
 which has a current annual packaging capacity of
90
000 bbl. assuming one eight hour shift per day
 was also designed to enable our production at such facility to be expanded to
200
000 bbl. per year with additional equipment.


 we purchased certain
assets from Carmel Brewing Company
 Inc.
 a California corporation (&ldquo;Carmel Brewing&rdquo;). We continue to bottle and sell
beer under the Carmel Brewing name.


 we acquired UBIUK
together with UBIUK&rsquo;s wholly-owned subsidiary
 KBEL
 from Inversiones Mirabel
 S.A.
 a Panamanian corporation
 (&ldquo;Inversiones&rdquo;)
in exchange for MBC stock then valued at approximately $5
500
000 (the &ldquo;UBIUK Acquisition&rdquo;). UBIUK and KBEL primarily
market
 sell
 and distribute Kingfisher Premium Lager in the Foreign Territory. Kingfisher Premium Lager
 which is the flagship
brand of UB Limited
 is a recognized international brand
 with widespread distribution outside our geographic markets.


States brewing and distribution rights for Kingfisher Premium Lager as a result of the UBIUK Acquisition. We brew Kingfisher Premium
Lager in our Saratoga Springs
 New York and Ukiah
 California facilities. We have a contract with HUK to procure Kingfisher Premium
Lager for distribution in the Foreign Territory which expires in October 2018.


 United Breweries
of America
 BVI
 a British Virgin Islands corporation (&ldquo;UBA-BVI&rdquo;)
 an indirect beneficial owner of a majority of our
outstanding shares
 merged into United Breweries Holdings
 Ltd.
 an Indian public limited company (&ldquo;UBHL&rdquo;). As a result
of the merger of UBA-BVI into UBHL
 UBHL acquired indirect control over approximately 78% of our then outstanding shares. Dr. Vijay
Mallya
 our Chairman of the Board
 is also the Chairman of the board of directors of UBHL.


 we purchased
certain brand-related assets from Golden West Brewing Company
 a California corporation and Beautiful Brews Inc.
 a Florida corporation
including trademarks
 trade names
 and other brand-related assets related to the Butte Creek brands of organic ales and Honey Amber
Rose ale
 respectively. MBC pays royalties based on sales of products which use such assets.


    
    





MARKET 


craft brewing segment of the United States beer industry. The United States domestic beer market consists of a number of market
categories
 some of which include low-priced
 premium
 super premium
 lite
 import
 and specialty/craft beers. In the North American
Territory
 we compete in the specialty/craft category which the Brewers Association estimated produced approximately 13.2 million
barrels in the year 2012. Craft beers are typically all malt
 characterized by their full flavor
 and are usually produced using
methods similar to those of traditional European brews. The domestic beer market is dominated by large domestic and international
brewers. The craft brewing segment is growing
 but is relatively small. Recently
 the United States beer market has seen two trends
the number of craft brewers has increased and the large domestic brewers have merged or been acquired by other large domestic and
international brewers (e.g. InBev S.A.&rsquo;s acquisition of Anheuser-Busch Companies
 Inc.). Since our formation in the 1980s
the rate at which the craft beer segment has grown has fluctuated over the years. The large domestic brewers produce their own
fuller-flavored products to compete against craft beers. The introduction of flavored malt beverages starting in 2001 has also
increased competition in the beer market. Additionally
 the wine and spirits market has seen an increase in recent years
 attributable
to competitive pricing
 television advertising
 increased merchandising and resurgent consumer interest in wine and spirits.




sales in the European Union are made in the United Kingdom. During fiscal years 2013 and 2012 our sales in the United Kingdom constituted
approximately 87% and 89% of our total sales in the Foreign Territory
 respectively. Sales in the Foreign Territory primarily consist
of sales of Kingfisher Premium Lager. KBEL has production and distribution rights for Kingfisher Premium Lager in the United Kingdom
and the other European Union countries pursuant to an agreement with UB Limited.


our products are primarily distributed through Indian restaurants using restaurant trade distributors. In addition
 our products
are distributed through other retail outlets such as supermarkets
 liquor stores
 and licensed shops and convenience stores. For
more information on our distribution methods and our relationship with HUK
 please refer to the discussion under the &ldquo;Overview&rdquo;
heading above.



We
are a pioneering brewer in the specialty craft brewing segment in the United States. We produce high quality ales and lagers in
our own breweries in the United States. We have production and distribution rights to Kingfisher Premium Lager in the European
Union
 Canada and
 the United States. Generally sales are made through distributors. 




flavorful craft beers by using high quality ingredients in our brewing process. For distribution in the North American Territory
we brew eleven ales
 one wheat beer
 two lagers
 two pilsners and four stouts
 all on a year-round basis
 and four seasonal brews
and one anniversary brew. All of these products are brewed at our production facilities in Ukiah
 California
 and Saratoga Springs
New York. The locations of the breweries are well positioned to serve the large markets on the East and West coasts.


we currently distribute Kingfisher Premium Lager. Kingfisher Premium Lager is the leading Indian beer by sales volume in India
and abroad.


are as follows:

RED
TAIL ALE
 a full flavored amber ale
 is our flagship brand. It is available in 12 oz. six-packs and twelve-packs
 half-barrel
kegs
 and 5 gallon kegs.


    
    


BLUE
 is a golden ale with a full body and a distinctive hoppy character. It is available in 12 oz. six-packs
and twelve-packs
 half-barrel kegs
 and 5 gallon kegs.

BLACK
 is a rich bodied stout with big traditional flavors. It is available in 12 oz. six-packs
 half-barrel kegs
and 5 gallon kegs.

EYE
 is a rich-bodied amber ale. It is available year-round in 12 oz. six-packs
 half-barrel kegs
and 5 gallon kegs.

WHITE
 is a heavily hopped ale with a distinctive hoppy character and bold malt flavor. It is available in
12 oz. six-packs and half-barrel kegs.

KINGFISHER
 is a conventionally fermented specialty lager with a smooth crisp taste. In the United States
 Kingfisher
Premium Lager is available in 12 oz. six-packs
 22 oz. bottles
 half-barrel kegs
 and 5 gallon kegs as well as on tap in a few
pubs and Indian restaurants. In Canada
 Kingfisher Premium Lager is available in 12 oz. six-packs and 22 oz. bottles. Kingfisher
Premium Lager is available year-round in 330ml and 660ml bottles in multi-packs as well as in a variety of keg sizes in the United
Kingdom
 Ireland
 and continental Europe. In the United Kingdom
 it is also available on tap in Indian restaurants.




our products are sold through wholesale distributors to consumers at supermarkets
 warehouse stores
 liquor stores
 taverns and
bars
 restaurants
 and convenience stores.


to retail outlets by independent distributors whose principal business is the distribution of beer
 and in some cases other alcoholic
beverages
 and who typically also distribute one or more national beer brands. Together with our distributors
 we market our products
to retail outlets and rely on our distributors to provide regular deliveries
 to maintain retail shelf space
 and to oversee timely
rotation of inventory. We also offer a variety of ales and lagers directly to consumers at a tasting room attached to the Saratoga
Springs brewery in New York and at our ale house in Ukiah
 California (formerly located in Hopland
 California).


our products are distributed primarily through Indian restaurants by restaurant trade distributors. Such points of sale represent
approximately 90% of our total sales volume in the Foreign Territory
 with the remaining 10% of sales volume attributed to sales
in supermarkets
 liquor stores
 and licensed shops and convenience stores. The majority of our restaurant sales are through our
on-tap draft installations. KBEL exports Kingfisher Premium Lager
 for the most part pursuant to our distribution agreement with
HUK
 to many European markets outside of the United Kingdom
 and our sales growth in those markets typically correlates with the
establishment and proliferation of Indian restaurants in such locations.


of products in Canada involves a wide range and varied degree of government control through provincial liquor boards. We distribute
our products through provincial liquor control boards or independent distributors
 as required in each province.




we compete against a variety of brewers in the craft beer segment
 including brewpubs
 microbrewers
 regional craft brewers
 and
craft beer products of major national breweries. There has been a significant increase in the number of craft brewers in the last
two years. Additionally
 the entire craft beer segment competes to some extent with other segments of the United States beer market
including major national brands like Budweiser and Miller and imported beers such as Heineken and Becks.


United Kingdom is dominated by major international brands such as Stella Artois
 Carling
 Heineken
 Budweiser
 and Becks
 in the
restaurant and pub sectors and in sales through supermarkets and other retail outlets. Our products are marketed through Indian
and other restaurants
 major supermarket chains
 smaller chains
 and individual stores. In all of these sectors
 we face competition
from other ethnic and international brands produced by local and large international brewers. We promote Kingfisher Premium Lager
as the worldwide No. 1 selling premium Indian lager. We promote the brand through our significant participation in events directed
at the Indian restaurant trade and volume-driven promotions in supermarkets and Cash &amp; Carry stores
 a retail chain in the
United Kingdom.


    
    



 the larger
domestic and international brewers have introduced fuller-flavored beers meant to compete with our craft beer offerings. The participation
by larger domestic and international brewers increases competition and price sensitivity within the craft beer segment. Craft brewers
compete primarily on product quality
 taste profile
 and consistency.


in the North American Territory as well as in the Foreign Territory. We compete with other beer and beverage companies not only
for consumer acceptance and loyalty but also for shelf and tap space in retail establishments. We must also vie for marketing focus
by our distributors and their customers
 all of which also distribute and sell other beer and alcoholic beverage products. Many
of our competitors&rsquo; financial and marketing resources and distribution networks are substantially greater than ours. Moreover
the introduction of new products by competitors that compete directly with our products
 or that diminish the importance of our
products to retailers or distributors
 may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations
 cash flows and financial
position.




requires various processed agricultural products
 including malt and hops. We fulfill our commodities requirements through purchases
from various sources
 some through contractual arrangements and others on the open market. In the Foreign Territory
 purchases
of commodities were made in the past directly by Shepherd Neame
 which brewed our products on a contract basis pursuant to a contract
that expired in October 2013 and are currently made by HUK
 which has been brewing our products on contract basis beginning October
2013. In 2008
 MBC and Releta each entered into long term contracts to purchase hops. These contracts expire in 2015. If we are
unable to enter into new contracts to purchase hops on commercially reasonable terms
 our results of operations
 cash flows and
financial position may be materially adversely affected. The price of malt has increased substantially since the beginning of 2012.
We believe that the commodity markets will continue to experience price
 availability and demand fluctuations. The price and supply
of raw materials will be determined by
 among other factors
 the level of crop production
 weather conditions
 export demand
 and
government regulations and legislation affecting agriculture.


North America are Great Western Malting Co.
 Yakima
 WA
 and Canada Malting Company
 Montreal
 Canada (malt); Hop Union LLC
 Yakima
WA and S.S. Steiner Inc.
 New York
 NY (hops); Gamer Packaging Inc.
 Minneapolis
 MN (bottles and crowns); Alliance Packaging
Seattle
 WA
 and International Paper Co. Pittsburg
 PA (cartons); Rose City Printing and Packaging
 Vancouver
 WA and Keystone
Paper and Box Company
 Inc.
 South Windsor
 CT (carriers); and DWS Printing Associates
 Bay Shore
 NY (labels).


the Foreign Territory is HUK
 which supplies on a contract basis all of our products that are sold in the Foreign Territory. We
do not directly purchase any agricultural commodities or other products for use in the Foreign Territory.




in 2013 totaled $7
575
900 (approximately 21% of our sales)
 as compared to sales to our top five customers in 2012 which totaled
$9
245
700 (approximately 23% of our sales).


Shepherd Neame
 during 2013 represented approximately 11% of our Foreign Territory sales (or approximately 7% of our total sales)
as compared to approximately 15% of Foreign Territory sales (or approximately 9% of total sales) in 2012. No other individual customer
accounted for more than 5% of our total sales during 2013 or 2012. Our agreement with Shepherd Neame ended as of October 2013 and
we have entered into a new agreement with HUK to sell our product to select large retailers on royalty basis.


    
    





product sales are seasonal
 with the first and fourth quarters historically being the slowest and the rest of the year typically
having stronger sales. Sales volume may be affected by weather. Accordingly
 our results for any individual quarter may not be
indicative of the results that may be achieved for the full fiscal year.




market our products through various promotional programs with our distributors and wholesalers. The sales and marketing staff offer
support to the wholesalers and retailers by educating them about our products. Our products are promoted at local art
 music and
food festivals
 and restaurants and pubs. We operate a tasting room at our Saratoga Springs brewery and our ale house in Ukiah
California. We utilize signs
 tap handles
 coasters
 logo glassware and posters to promote our products in bars
 pubs and restaurants.


participate in various consumer promotion programs
 primarily price discounts. We occasionally advertise our products in print
media.




trademark registrations on the principal register of the United States Patent and Trademark Office for the following marks: MENDOCINO
BREWING COMPANY word mark (Reg. No. 2
441
141)
 RED TAIL ALE word mark (Reg. No. 2
032
382)
 RED TAIL design mark (Reg. No. 2
011
817)
BLUE HERON PALE ALE design mark (Reg. No. 2
011
816)
 EYE OF THE HAWK SELECT ALE word mark (Reg. No. 1
673
594)
 YULETIDE PORTER
word mark (Reg. No. 1
666
891)
 PEREGRINE GOLDEN ALE word mark (Reg. No. 2
475
522)
 HOPLAND BREWERY word mark (Reg. No. 2
509
464)
BLACK EYE ALE word mark (Reg. No. 2
667
078)
 BLACK HAWK STOUT word mark (Reg. No. 3
205
652)
 BLUE HERON word mark (Reg. No. 3
818
385)
HONEY AMBER ROSE design mark (Reg. No. 3
276
229)
 TWIN SISTERS (Reg. No. 3
589
090)
 REVOLUTION X (Reg. No. 3
237
471); ROCK HARD
TEN (Reg. No. 3
585
772)
 ORGANIC PIONEERS (Reg. No. 3
339
179)
 THE OFFICIAL BEER OF PLANET EARTH (Reg. No. 3
339
151)
 YOSEMITE
(Reg. No. 4
064
887)
 and CATCH 22 (Reg. No. 3
814
885).


trademark registrations on the supplemental register of the United States Patent and Trademark Office for the following marks:
BEER DIVA word mark (Reg. No. 3
350
568).


mark (Reg. No. 3
818
385) under a concurrent use agreement with Bridgeport Brewing Company which gives us the exclusive right to
use the BLUE HERON word mark throughout the United States with the exception of Oregon
 Idaho
 Washington
 and Montana. Bridgeport
Brewing Company
 the other concurrent use party
 has the exclusive right to use the BLUE HERON word mark in those states.


rights in and to the following marks: TALON BARLEY WINE ALE word mark
 TALON BARLEY WINE ALE design mark
 TRAINWRECK word mark
HELLTOWN word mark
 and BUTTE CREEK BREWING word mark.


CARMEL BREWING COMPANY and any other variation of the same as previously used by Carmel Brewing Company and claim common law trademark
rights in and to all such marks.




exclusive brewing and distribution rights for Kingfisher Premium Lager in the United Kingdom
 Ireland
 continental Europe
 and
Canada through a licensing agreement with UB Limited which is currently scheduled to expire in October 2018.


 we entered
into the Kingfisher Trademark and Trade Name License Agreement with Kingfisher America
 Inc.
 pursuant to which we obtained a royalty-free
exclusive license to use the Kingfisher trademark and trade name in connection with the brewing and distribution of beer in the
United States.


    
    



 KBEL
has licensed to HUK the exclusive right to brew
 keg
 bottle
 can
 label
 and package all beers and related products sold under
the Kingfisher trademark in the United Kingdom
 Ireland
 and continental Europe. In exchange for certain exclusive resale rights
HUK pays a royalty fee to KBEL for certain sales. The price KBEL pays to HUK for brewing Kingfisher Premium Lager for distribution
in the United Kingdom is set by a formula which varies according to the applicable duty on Kingfisher Premium Lager and other factors.
(For additional information see &ldquo;Item 13. &mdash; Certain Relationships and Related Transactions - Brewing Agreement&rdquo;.)
Under its terms
 this agreement will expire in October 2018.




operations are subject to licensing by local
 state and federal governments
 as well as to regulation by a variety of state and
local agencies. We are licensed to manufacture and sell beer by the Departments of Alcoholic Beverage Control in California and
New York. A federal permit from the United States Treasury Department
 Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau (the &ldquo;TTB&rdquo;)
(formerly the Bureau of Alcohol
 Tobacco
 and Firearms) allows us to manufacture fermented malt beverages. To keep these licenses
and permits in force we must pay annual fees and submit timely production reports and excise tax returns. We must give these regulatory
agencies prompt notice of any changes in our operations
 ownership
 or company structure. The TTB must also approve all product
labels
 which must include an alcohol use warning. These agencies require that individuals owning equity securities totaling in
the aggregate 10% or more of our outstanding securities be investigated as to their suitability of character. Our production operations
must also comply with the Occupational Safety and Health Administration&rsquo;s workplace safety and worker health regulations
and comparable state laws. Management believes that we are presently in compliance with the aforementioned laws and regulations.
In addition
 we have implemented our own voluntary safety program. Our Ukiah ale house is regulated by the Mendocino County Health
Department
 which requires an annual permit and conducts spot inspections to monitor compliance with applicable health codes. In
Canada
 provincial governments regulate the beer industry
 particularly the pricing
 mark-up
 container management
 sale
 distribution
and advertising of beer. Distribution and retailing of products in Canada involves a wide range and varied degree of government
control through provincial liquor boards. We distribute our products in Canada through provincial liquor control boards or independent
distributors
 as per the applicable regulation for each province.


 for
brewers producing less than 2
000
000 barrels (or bbl.) per year
 the federal excise tax rate is $7.00 per bbl. for up to 60
000
bbl. per year and $18.00 per bbl. for over 60
000 bbl. The California excise tax rate is $6.20 per bbl. The State of New York presently
imposes on brewers an excise tax of $3.88 per bbl. for production in excess of 100
000 bbl. per year.


Territory are subject to regulation by United Kingdom and European laws
 as well as by the laws of various individual countries
in which our products are distributed. Due to the current contract brewing arrangement in the Foreign Territory
 HUK
 rather than
the Company
 is subject to various laws of the European countries (other than Germany) regarding production
 bottling
 packaging
and labeling. Our products in Germany are manufactured and distributed by contractual partners in Germany who are subject to such
laws in Germany.




federal
 state
 and local environmental laws which regulate the use
 storage
 handling
 and disposal of various substances. We
have not received any notice from any governmental agency relating to our violation of any applicable environmental law.


of process water
 spent grains
 hops
 glass and cardboard. We have instituted a recycling program for our office paper
 newspapers
magazines
 glass
 and cardboard at minimal cost to us. We sell or give away our spent grain to local cattle ranchers.

. We built
our own wastewater treatment plant for the Ukiah facility. As a result
 we have reduced our sewer hook-up fees at that location.
If our discharge exceeds 55
000 gallons per day
 which Management does not expect to occur until annual capacity exceeds 100
000
bbl.
 we may be required to pay additional fees. The approximate operating costs of the plant are between $6
000 and $10
000 per
month
 which may increase with increased production. We have contracted to have the liquid sediment that remains from the treated
wastewater trucked to a local composting facility at a cost of between $4
500 and $5
500 per month. We obtained a Mendocino County
Air Quality Control Permit to operate a natural gas fired boiler in Ukiah; this permit is valid until August 30
 2014. Management
expects this permit to be renewed each year.


    
    


.
Our solid waste materials consist of spent grain
 cardboard
 glass
 and liquid waste. We have instituted a recycling program for
cardboard
 office paper and glass at minimal cost to us. Spent grain is given away to local cattle dairy farms free of charge.
We pay approximately $2
500 per month in sewer fees for liquid waste. We follow and operate under the rules and regulations of
the New York Department of Environmental Conservation for Air Pollution Control.


we sell our products
 including California and New York
 have adopted certain restrictive packaging laws and regulations for beverages.
These laws require deposit on packages. Such laws have not had a significant effect on our sales. The adoption of similar legislation
by Congress
 a substantial number of states or additional local jurisdictions might require us to incur significant capital expenditures
for compliance. We believe we are in compliance with all applicable Canadian laws and regulations.


 European packaging
regulations are covered by specifications provided by the European Union; we believe we are in compliance with such specifications.




serving of alcoholic beverages to a person known to be intoxicated may
 under certain circumstances
 result in the server being
held liable to third parties for injuries caused by the intoxicated customer. Our brewpub and tasting room have limited hours and
our employees have knowledge of this issue. Large awards in excess of our insurance coverage could adversely affect our financial
condition.




 2013
MBC had 62 full-time and 11 part-time employees in the United States
 including 12 in management and administration
 41 in brewing
and production operations
 5 in retail and tavern operations and 15 in sales and marketing positions. In England
 UBIUK and KBEL
together had 21 full-time and 2 part-time employees as of December 31
 2013
 including 14 in sales and marketing and 9 in managerial
and administrative positions. Management believes that our relationship with our employees is generally good.


currently engaged in brewing
 bottling
 warehousing
 and shipping at the Ukiah brewery are represented by Teamsters Local No. 896
International Brotherhood of Teamsters
 AFL-CIO (the &ldquo;Union&rdquo;). Under our previous collective bargaining agreement with
the Union
 all of such 14 employees&rsquo; positions must be held and filled by members of the Union. The collective bargaining
agreement expired on July 31
 2013. We are in discussion with the union to negotiate a new agreement. If we are unable to reach
a new agreement
 we may face production interruption at our Ukiah brewery resulting in adverse material impact on our operations
financial results and cash flow.




amount during the last two fiscal years on research and development activities or on customer-sponsored research activities relating
to the development of new products
 services or techniques
 or the improvement of existing products
 services or techniques.

ITEM
1A.


other information about risks in this Annual Report on Form 10-K
 described below are risks and uncertainties that we believe are
most likely to be material to our business and results of operations. Our business operations and results may also be adversely
affected by additional risks and uncertainties not presently known
 or which we currently deem immaterial
 or which are applicable
in general to the industries in which we compete or to the economies in which we sell our products. Any of the following risks
or uncertainties might cause our business
 financial condition
 results of operations or cash flows to suffer.


    
    



We incurred a net loss in the North American Territory for 2013 and 2012. From 2005 to 2011
 operations in the Foreign Territory
resulted in a net loss. We did not incur a net loss in the Foreign Territory in 2012 or 2013. We believe our losses in both the
North American Territory and the Foreign Territory are attributable to low sales volume and high operating expenses. Our business
is also subject to certain fixed and semi-variable operating costs
 which
 when combined with the difference between current levels
of production and maximum production capacity in the North American Territory
 may cause our gross margins to be sensitive to small
increases or decreases in sales volume. We may not be able to offset such increased expenses with comparable price increases in
our products
 which could also impact our gross margins. We may not be successful in our efforts to increase sales volume and utilization
rates. It is uncertain when
 if at all
 our operations in the North American Territory will become profitable once again. Future
operating losses may have a material adverse effect on our cash flows and financial position.


of the production capacity at our Ukiah and Saratoga Springs facilities and losses from our North American operations continued
to place demands on our working capital. We have loans
 lines of credit
 other credit facilities
 and lease obligations with various
creditors. We may find it difficult to continue our operations
 at least in the short term
 if any of the following occur: a breach
of any loan provision by us that leads to our default
 an inability of any lender to continue to offer credit facilities
 our inability
to refinance credit facilities when and as they become due
 or an attempt by one of our creditors to exercise its rights to certain
of our tangible or intangible assets which have been used as collateral or which have been pledged as security for our obligations.


our working capital needs. As described in the &ldquo;Description of Our Indebtedness&rdquo; section of Management&rsquo;s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
 the terms of the Company&rsquo;s loan agreement (&ldquo;Agreement&rdquo;)
with Cole Taylor Bank
 an Illinois banking corporation (&ldquo;Cole Taylor&rdquo;)
 require that we meet certain financial covenants.
Failure to meet the covenants is an event of default under the Agreement. On September 18
 2013
 MBC and Releta received a notice
(the &ldquo;Default Notice&rdquo;) from Cole Taylor regarding its intention to exercise certain rights with respect to events of
default of the Company pursuant to the Agreement. Under the Agreement
 upon the occurrence of an event of default
 all of MBC&rsquo;s
and Releta&rsquo;s obligations under the Agreement may
 at the option of Cole Taylor
 be declared
 and immediately shall become
due and payable
 without notice of any kind. The Default Notice states that Cole Taylor has elected to charge a default interest
rate equal to two percent (2%) per annum in excess of the interest rate otherwise payable under the Agreement effective September
1
 2013. Cole Taylor has not waived the events of default described in the Default Notice and has reserved all other available
rights and remedies under the Agreement
 certain other related documents and applicable law. Cole Taylor could declare the full
amount owed under the Agreement due and payable at any time for any reason or no reason. The Company has not received any notice
or other communication from Cole Taylor that it intends to exercise any of the remedies available to it under the Agreement in
connection with the events of default. The exercise of additional remedies by Cole Taylor may have a material adverse effect on
the Company&rsquo;s financial condition and the Company&rsquo;s ability to continue to operate. If it becomes necessary for MBC
and Releta to seek additional financing
 there is no guarantee that MBC and Releta will be able to obtain such financing on terms
favorable to the Company or on any terms.


credit facilities are variable based on the prime lending rates in the United States and the United Kingdom. Any increase in the
prime lending rates would increase our interest expense and could have a material adverse effect on our financial position and
results of operations.


 Maintaining our facilities or introducing new products or packaging
may require incremental capital expenditures; however
 per the terms of the Agreement
 our capital expenditures will be limited
to specified amounts (based on a formula). If the capital expenditures necessary to maintain our facilities or bring new products
or packaging to market are greater than the amounts to which we are limited by this arrangement
 our ability to maintain or increase
sales growth could be impaired
 which could materially adversely affect our business


    
    



 2013
 United
Breweries (Holdings) Limited (&ldquo;UBHL&rdquo;)
 MBC&rsquo;s indirect majority shareholder
 issued a letter of financial support
(the &ldquo;Letter of Support&rdquo;) to MBC
 to confirm that UBHL had agreed to provide funding on an as needed basis to ensure
that the company is able to meet its financial obligations as and when they fall due. The Letter of Support does not specify either
the terms of UBHL&rsquo;s support
 or a maximum dollar limit. UBHL&rsquo;s financial support is contingent upon compliance with
any applicable exchange control requirements and other applicable laws and regulations relating to the transfer of funds from India.
The Letter of Support was issued for a period up to December 31
 2014
 but
 if necessary
 Management intends to seek UBHL&rsquo;s
consent to extend the stated support. If it becomes necessary to seek UBHL&rsquo;s financial assistance under the Letter of Support
and UBHL is either unable or unwilling to fulfill its commitment to MBC
 or to extend the time period of such commitment
 it may
result in a material adverse effect on our financial position and on our ability to continue operations.


letter dated November 11
 2013 from UBHL expressing its willingness to commit to invest $2
000
000 in the Company in four installments
to be paid every six months over a two year period. The letter did not state definitive terms for the proposed investment
 but
stated that UBHL would prefer to receive &ldquo;ordinary voting stock&rdquo; as compensation for such investment. UBHL will consider
additional investment based on a business plan to be provided by the Company. If we are unable to come to a final agreement with
UBHL on the terms of the proposed investment or are unable to find another source of funds
 it may result in a material adverse
effect on our ability to continue operations. For example
 Cole Taylor may seek to satisfy any outstanding obligations through
recourse against the applicable pledged collateral which may include our real property
 fixed assets and current assets. The loss
of any material pledged asset would likely have a material adverse effect on our financial position and results of operations.


competition in both our North American Territory and in our Foreign Territory from competitors in the beer market and producers
of wine and spirits. Certain of our competitors have substantially greater financial and marketing resources and more extensive
distribution networks than we do. In addition
 the introduction of new products by existing competitors or new entrants into the
market may impact our market share. Moreover
 consumer preference and consumer trends may result in a decrease in demand for our
products which could also have an impact on our results of operations.


on a limited number of suppliers
 and in some instances on a sole supplier
 for the majority of the raw materials and packaging
materials used in our North American operations. As a result
 an interruption in the supply chain might have an adverse effect
on our operations if we were unable to find an alternative supplier at a comparable price. Unfavorable weather conditions might
impact the output of crops necessary to brew our products which might
 in turn
 affect our supply chain. The price of malt increased
significantly in the first quarter of 2012 due to limited supply and higher demand and has remained at such increased price level
(See Part 1
 Item 1
 &ldquo;Sources And Availability of Raw Materials&rdquo;). We may not be in a position to pass the entire amount
of any cost increase to our customers which may have an adverse effect on our operations.


use significant amount of water. Due to drought conditions in California
 there may be a shortage of water. Any shortage or restricted
supply of water will have a material adverse impact on our ability to brew the product and an adverse effect on our results of
operations
 cash flows and financial position.


BREWING ARRANGEMENTS: We have entered into short term non-binding arrangements with several brewers to brew and package their brands
at our brewing facilities
 predominantly at our Saratoga Springs
 New York facility. Approximately 33% of our sales volume in the
North American Territory for fiscal year 2012 was comprised of sales made under such contract brewing arrangements. During the
year 2013
 our contract sales volume decreased significantly because our biggest contract brewer shifted production to their newly
constructed facility. There is no certainty that our existing arrangements will be extended in the future
 that we will be able
to enter into a new contract for the sales volume represented by our former biggest contract brewer
 or that we will be able to
enter into other new arrangements. Any significant variation in contract brewing arrangements could have a material adverse effect
on our results of operations
 cash flows and financial position.


We sell beer (which is physically distributed by HUK in the European Territory and by another contractual partner in Germany) to
independent beer distributors for distribution to retailers. Although the Company currently has arrangements sufficient to meet
our current needs with its wholesale distributors to distribute the products
 any sustained growth would require us to maintain
such relationships and possibly enter into agreements with additional distributors. Changes in control or ownership of the current
distribution network could lead to less support of our products. No assurance can be given that we will be able to maintain or
secure additional distributors on terms favorable to us. Our ability to maintain existing distribution arrangements may be adversely
affected by the fact that many of our distributors are reliant on one of the major beer producers for a large percentage of their
revenue and
 therefore
 they may be influenced by such producers. If our existing distribution agreements are terminated
 we may
not be able to enter into new distribution agreements on substantially similar terms
 which may result in an increase in the costs
of distribution.


    
    



entered into a brewing agreement that grants HUK the exclusive right to brew and package all beers sold under the Kingfisher trademark
in the United Kingdom
 and to distribute such products elsewhere in the Foreign Territory. Any interruption of the brewing
 packaging
or distribution of our products by HUK for any reason is likely to have a material adverse effect on our results of operations
cash flows and financial position. In addition
 any failure of HUK to comply with any applicable laws or regulations may have an
adverse impact on us.


 We anticipate that our future gross margins
will fluctuate and may even decline as a result of many factors
 including disproportionate depreciation and other fixed and semi-variable
operating costs
 and the level of production at our breweries in relation to current production capacity. Our sales volume is much
lower than our brewing and packaging capacities
 leading to under utilization (See &ldquo;Item 2 &ndash; Properties&rdquo; below).
Both of our brewing facilities incur maintenance and other costs on a level consistent with their maximum capacity rather than
with their current utilization levels. Our high level of fixed and semi-variable operating costs causes gross margin to be especially
sensitive to relatively small increases or decreases in sales volume. Other factors that could affect cost of sales include changes
in freight charges
 the availability and prices of raw materials and packaging materials
 the mix between draft and bottled product
sales
 and federal or state excise taxes and levies. Our inability to align costs and utilization rates affects our capital
 liquidity
and management resources. Failure to adequately align such costs and utilization rates may have a material adverse effect on our
business
 financial condition
 and results of operations.


SUPPLY OF KEGS: We have entered into an exclusive Keg Management Agreement with MicroStar Keg Management LLC (&ldquo;MicroStar&rdquo;)
which expires in September 2014. There is no guarantee that we will be able to renew our agreement with MicroStar or enter into
a new agreement for the supply of kegs on terms favorable to the Company or at all. Under the terms of the agreement with MicroStar
we receive our entire supply of kegs exclusively from MicroStar. If the agreement is terminated
 we are required to purchase from
MicroStar four times the average monthly keg usage for the preceding six-month period. We may need additional funds to purchase
those kegs. An interruption in the supply of kegs or
 in the case of termination of the agreement
 our failure to obtain the necessary
funding to facilitate such purchases could have a material adverse effect on our business
 results of operations
 cash flows or
financial position.


beer products in the United States and beer sales in the United Kingdom are somewhat seasonal
 with the winter months historically
being the slowest and the summer months generating stronger sales. Our sales volume may also be affected by weather conditions.
Therefore
 the results for any quarter may not be indicative of the results that may be achieved for the full fiscal year. If an
adverse event such as a regional economic downturn or poor weather conditions should occur during the second and third quarters
the adverse impact to our revenues would likely be greater as a result of the seasonal business.


AND TAXATION: The manufacture and sale of alcoholic beverages is a business that is highly regulated and taxed at the federal
state and local levels. Our operations may be subject to more restrictive regulations and higher taxation compared to non-alcohol
related businesses. For instance
 brewery and wholesale operations require various federal
 state and local licenses
 permits and
approvals. In addition
 some states prohibit wholesalers and retailers from holding an interest in any supplier such as the Company.
Violation of such regulations can result in the loss or revocation of existing licenses by the wholesaler
 retailer and/or supplier.
The loss or revocation of any existing licenses
 permits or approvals
 failure to obtain any necessary additional or new licenses
permits or approvals
 or the failure to obtain approval for the transfer of any existing permits or licenses
 could have a material
adverse effect on our ability to conduct our business. Because of the many and various licensing and permitting requirements and
the complexity of complying with all such requirements
 there is a risk that one or more regulatory authorities could determine
that we have not complied with applicable licensing or permitting regulations
 paid the appropriate excise taxes
 or maintained
the approvals necessary to conduct business within their respective jurisdictions. There can be no assurance that any such regulatory
action would not have a material adverse effect upon us or our operating results.


    
    



jurisdictions frequently propose increasing the federal and/or state excise tax on alcoholic beverages
 or certain types of alcoholic
beverages such as flavored malt beverages
 either to increase revenues
 or discourage purchase by underage drinkers. If adopted
these measures could affect some or all of our products. If federal or state excise taxes are increased
 we may have to raise prices
to maintain present profit margins which may have an impact on our sales volume. Higher taxes on beer may reduce the overall demand
thus negatively impacting sales of our products. Recently
 states have been reviewing the tax treatment for flavored malt beverages.
A change in such treatment could result in increased costs for the Company and decreased sales.


federal or state regulation may be forthcoming that could limit distribution and sales of alcohol products. Such regulation might
reduce our ability to sell our products at retail and at wholesale and could severely impact our business.


AND DRINKING PREFERENCES: There is public concern over alcohol-related social problems
 including drunk driving
 underage drinking
and health consequences from the misuse of alcohol
 including alcoholism. This may adversely affect consumption of alcoholic beverages.
Consumer drinking preferences may also change due to the availability of an increasing variety of products in the craft brew segment.
Any change in government regulation or shift in consumer preference may have an adverse impact on our operations. Consumer demand
for luxury items
 including craft beer
 is sensitive to downturns in the economy and the corresponding impact on discretionary
spending. Changes in discretionary consumer spending or consumer preferences brought about by factors such as perceived or actual
general economic conditions
 job losses and the resultant rising unemployment rate
 perceived or actual decreases in disposable
consumer income and wealth and changes in consumer confidence in the economy could significantly reduce customer demand for craft
beer in general
 and our products
 specifically. Furthermore
 any of these factors may cause consumers to substitute our products
with the fuller-flavored national brands or other more affordable alternatives. In either event
 decreased consumer demand would
likely have a significant negative impact on our operating results.


AND MARKETING EFFORTS: The sales and marketing programs we use to generate demand for our products may be unsuccessful
In the future this could lead us to lower the prices that we charge for our products
 depending on competitive factors in our various
markets. To increase demand for our products
 we have participated in price promotions with our wholesalers and retail customers
in most of our markets. The number of markets in which we participate in price promotions and the frequency of such promotions
may change depending upon market conditions. There can be no assurance that our price promotions will be successful in increasing
demand for our products. If consumers were unwilling to accept our products or if general consumer trends caused a decrease in
the demand for beer
 including craft beer
 it would adversely impact our sales and results of operations. If the flavored alcohol
beverage market
 the wine market
 or the spirits market continues to grow
 this could draw consumers away from our products and
have an adverse effect on sales and results of operations. Furthermore
 if beer consumption in general were to fall out of favor
among consumers
 or if the beer industry were subjected to significant additional governmental regulation
 our operations could
be adversely affected.


TECHNOLOGY SYSTEMS: We rely upon the capacity
 reliability and security of our information technology
 or IT
 systems across all
of our major business functions
 including manufacturing
 retail
 financial and administrative functions. We also rely on systems
owned and operated by third party business vendors to process payroll for our employees. Our business requires us to use and store
customer
 employee and business partner personally identifiable information
 which we refer to as PII. This may include names
addresses
 phone numbers
 email addresses and contact preferences.


technology helps us operate efficiently and produce our financial statements. If we do not allocate and effectively manage the
resources necessary to sustain our technology infrastructure
 we could be subject to transaction errors
 processing inefficiencies
business disruptions or the loss of or damage to intellectual property through security breach. Any inefficiency in our data management
systems could materially impair our ability to effectively plan
 forecast and execute our business plan and comply with applicable
laws and regulations. We also face the challenge of supporting our older systems and implementing upgrades when necessary. Any
such impairment could materially and adversely affect our financial condition
 results of operations
 cash flows and the timeliness
with which we report our internal and external operating results.


require user names and passwords in order to access our information technology systems. We also use encryption and authentication
technologies to secure the transmission and storage of data. We rely on security measures implemented by third party vendors to
protect our PII. These security measures may be compromised as a result of third-party security breaches
 employee error
 malfeasance
faulty password management or other irregularities
 and result in persons obtaining unauthorized access to our data or accounts.


    
    



are not aware of any material cyber attack on our information technology systems. The costs to timely detect and eliminate or alleviate
network security problems
 bugs
 viruses
 worms
 malicious software programs and security vulnerabilities could be significant
and our efforts to address these problems may not be successful and could result in unexpected interruptions
 delays
 or cessation
of service
 and may harm our business operations. Moreover
 if a computer security breach affects our systems or results in the
unauthorized release of PII
 our reputation and brand could be materially damaged and use of our products and services could decrease.
We would also be exposed to risks of loss
 litigation and potential liability
 which could result in a material adverse effect
on our business
 results of operations and financial condition. We do not have specific insurance coverage against risks related
to cyber incidents.


We may experience material losses in excess of insurance coverage. We believe that we have a reasonable amount of insurance coverage
for a business of our size and type. There are
 however
 certain types of catastrophic losses that are not generally insured because
it is not economically feasible to insure against such losses. Should an uninsured loss or a loss in excess of insured limits occur
such loss could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.


could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and operations.
At any given time
 we are subject to claims and actions incidental to the operation of our business. The outcome of these proceedings
cannot be predicted. If a plaintiff were successful in a claim against our Company
 we could be faced with the payment of a material
sum of money. If this were to occur
 it could have an adverse effect on our financial condition.


STOCK PRICE: The market for our Common Stock is limited
 sporadic and highly volatile. Since our shares do not qualify to trade
on any national securities exchange
 the only market currently available
 to the extent any trading occurs
 is the &ldquo;bulletin
possible that no active public market with significant liquidity will ever develop. Thus
investors run the risk of never being able to sell their shares or selling at a depressed price. Our Common Stock price could be
subject to significant fluctuations and/or may decline. Factors that could affect our stock price include
 but are not limited
to:


the entry into
 or termination of
 key agreements;







changes in the market values of public companies that operate in
our business segment;



domestic and international economic factors unrelated to our specific
performance.


paid cash dividends on our capital stock and do not anticipate paying cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Instead
 we will
likely retain future earnings for reinvestment in our business.

ITEM
1B.


reporting companies.

ITEM
2.




in Ukiah
 California on which our Ukiah brewery is located. Management believes that this facility is adequate for our current
capacity and also provides space for future expansion. Cole Taylor Bank currently holds a deed of trust on this property in connection
with a loan advanced to us. (See &ldquo;Item 7. &ndash; Management&rsquo;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
of Operations &ndash; Description of our Indebtedness &ndash; Cole Taylor Facility&rdquo;). The principal amount outstanding on
the loan as of December 31
 2013 was $2
570
900.


    
    



of the Ukiah brewery at 40 years and depreciate the cost of the building on a straight-line method over its anticipated life. We
do not depreciate the cost of the land. Our assessed value on the Ukiah facility is approximately $10
257
900. Various other assets
incorporated in this facility are being depreciated
 on a straight-line basis
 at rates of between 10 and 20 years. Property taxes
are currently assessed on the Ukiah property (including machinery and equipment) at a rate of 1.157%
 for an annual tax of $118
700.


in Saratoga Springs
 New York
 on which the Ten Springs brewery facilities are located. In 2009
 we leased additional warehouse
space and entered into a new lease. The current term of this lease expires on July 2014
 with an option to extend the lease for
three successive terms of five years each
 provided that the lease is not in default. We have notified the landlord that we intend
to exercise this option.


mix
 the brewery in Ukiah
 California has a current annual cellar capacity of approximately 55
000 bbl
 and the brewery at Saratoga
Springs
 New York currently has an annual cellar capacity of approximately 45
000 bbl. per year. The Ukiah and Saratoga Springs
breweries have annual packaging capacity of 100
000 bbl. and 90
000 bbl. respectively on a single shift basis
 and each brewery
has annual brewing capacity of 200
000 bbl. (See &ldquo;Item 1A &ndash; Risk Factors &ndash; Gross Margins&rdquo; above.)




a 2
500 square foot building in Ukiah
 California where our ale house and merchandise store is located.




2
000 square feet of office space in Maidstone
 Kent
 in England. We do not own or lease any other material properties in Europe.




and vehicles under capital and operating leases which expire at varying times. Additionally
 we lease equipment and vehicles under
various other leases. As these leases expire
 it is anticipated that
 in accordance with our current practices
 the equipment will
be acquired
 the vehicles will be surrendered
 and we will enter into new vehicle leases.


 buildings
improvements
 and equipment to be well maintained
 in good condition
 and adequate to meet the operating demands placed upon them.
In the opinion of Management
 all of these properties are adequately covered by insurance.

ITEM
3.


involved from time to time in claims
 proceedings and litigation arising in the normal course of business. The Company believes
that
 to the extent that any pending or threatened litigation involving the Company or its properties exists
 such litigation will
not likely have any material adverse effect on the Company&rsquo;s financial condition or results of operations.






    
    




ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT&rsquo;S COMMON
EQUITY
 RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES.




 tier of the OTC Markets under the symbol &ldquo;MENB&rdquo;. The market for our Common Stock is
limited
national securities exchange
 the
only market currently available
 to the extent any trading occurs


 investors run the risk of never being
able to sell their shares.


for the fiscal quarters indicated
 the quoted high and low bid prices for our Common Stock
 tier
of the OTC Markets. The information listed below reflects inter-dealer bids
 without retail mark-up
 mark-down
 or commission
and may not necessarily represent actual transactions.



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    




    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



186
holders of our Common Stock of record as of March 28
 2014.




 we have not
paid any dividends. We anticipate that for the foreseeable future
 all earnings
 if any
 will be retained for the operation and
expansion of our business and that we will not pay cash dividends. The payment of dividends
 if any
 in the future will be at the
discretion of MBC&rsquo;s board of directors
 which we refer to in this Annual Report as the Board
 and will depend upon
 among
other things
 future earnings
 capital requirements
 restrictions in future financing agreements
 the general financial condition
of the Company and general business conditions. Our Agreement with Cole Taylor provides that we may not declare or pay any dividend
or other distribution on our Common Stock (other than a stock dividend)
 or purchase or redeem any Common Stock
 without the lender&rsquo;s
prior written consent. Management anticipates that similar restrictions will remain in effect for as long as we have significant
bank financing.


600
outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock (which are not listed for trading on any market
 or to our knowledge quoted on any
bulletin board or other public quotation system) are entitled to aggregate cash dividends and liquidation proceeds of $1.00 per
share before any dividend may be paid with respect to the Common Stock.

SECURITIES AUTHORIZED FOR ISSUANCE UNDER
EQUITY COMPENSATION PLANS


1
 2012
 the Board adopted a directors compensation plan (the &ldquo;Directors&rsquo; Compensation Plan&rdquo;) with respect to
the&nbsp;compensation of Non-Employee (as defined therein) members of the Board for their services as directors. The Directors&rsquo;
Compensation Plan was subsequently approved by the shareholders. Under the terms of the Directors&rsquo; Compensation Plan
 each
Non-Employee director receives a fixed annual retainer of $15
000 as well as additional fees of $1
250 per meeting of the Board
and $1
250 per committee meeting attended. The chairs of the Compensation Committee and the Audit/Finance Committee each receive
$4
500 in fees for acting as chairpersons of such committees. In addition
 each Non-Employee Director on January 1 of each calendar
year during the five year period commencing January 1
 2012 and ending December 31
 2016 shall receive an addition $2
000 per year.


    
    



 Chairman
of the Board
 receives fixed remuneration as described in &ldquo;Item 11-Executive Compensation &ndash; Directors&rsquo; Compensation
for the Year 2013&rdquo;.


equity compensation plans
 therefore
 no equity compensation plan information has been provided in chart form.









ITEM
6.


reporting companies.

ITEM
MANAGEMENT&rsquo;S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL
CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS.


of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and related notes
and the other financial information included in this Form 10-K. With respect to this discussion
 the terms &ldquo;Company
&rdquo;
&ldquo;we
&rdquo; &ldquo;us
&rdquo; and &ldquo;our&rdquo; refer to the consolidated operations of Mendocino Brewing Company
 Inc.
This discussion and analysis may contain forward-looking statements.




1983
 we have been brewing and selling our craft beers in the United States. Effective upon our acquisition of UBIUK in 2001
 we
have produced and distributed Kingfisher Premium Lager in the United States
 Europe (primarily the United Kingdom) and Canada.


years 2013 and 2012 resulted in loss from operations of $265
600 and income from operations of $935
200
 respectively. After providing
for interest
 other income and taxes
 the net loss in 2013 was $876
900 due to reduction in sales compared to net income in 2012
of $558
400.


    
    




YEAR ENDED DECEMBER&nbsp;31
 2013 COMPARED
TO YEAR ENDED DECEMBER&nbsp;31
 2012


sets forth
 for the periods indicated
 a comparison of certain items from our Consolidated Statements of Operations:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
36
418
200
40
335
900
(3
917
700
    

    
782
300
1
091
300
(309
000
    

    
35
635
900
39
244
600
(3
608
700
    

    
25
770
300
28
442
100
(2
671
800
    

    
9
865
600
10
802
500
(936
900
    

    
10
131
200
9
867
300
263
900
    

    
(265
600
935
200
(1
200
800
    

    
(577
100
(450
000
127
100
    

    
(30
100
75
900
(106
000
    

    
(872
800
561
100
(1
433
900
    

    
4
100
2
700
1
400
    

    
876
900
558
400
1
435
300
    





 the term
&ldquo;net sales&rdquo; refers to gross sales less excise taxes. Overall net sales for fiscal year 2013 were $35
635
900 a decrease
of $3
608
700 or 9% as compared to $39
244
600 in fiscal year 2012 due to lower sales volume.


OPERATIONS: Net sales in the North American Territory totaled $14
024
400 in fiscal year 2013
 compared to $16
228
300 for fiscal
year 2012
 representing a decrease of $2
203
900 or 14%. Sales of beer for fiscal year 2013 decreased by 14
600 barrels to 69
000
barrels
 a decrease of 18%
 as compared to 83
600 barrels in fiscal year 2012. This decrease was due to (i) a decrease in sales
of contract brands by 10
300 barrels because our largest contract brand has constructed its own brewing facility and (ii) a decrease
in sales of brands we own by 4
300 barrels due to increased competition. We continue to solicit opportunities to enter into non-binding
contract brewing arrangements to address the low production capacity utilization rates in our Ukiah and Saratoga Springs brewing
facilities and anticipate that fluctuations in the availability of such contract brewing arrangements will continue to impact our
net sales in the North American Territory.


Net sales in the Foreign Territory totaled $21
611
500 in fiscal year 2013
 compared to $23
016
300 during fiscal year 2012
 a
decrease of $1
404
800 or 6%. The decrease was due to lower sales volume partially offset by a higher selling price. The lower
sales volume was caused by a continued decline in the beer market and general economic conditions. We have experienced reduced
sales volume in certain channels which generated low or negative margin mostly due to management action to reduce low margin sales
in channels managed by Shepherd Neame. Certain retail channel customers were also transferred to HUK from October 2013 forward
under a license agreement. Hence
 KBEL would not sell directly to these customers from October 2013 forward but would receive a
royalty from HUK. We expect our gross sales number to be lower from October 2013 on
 due to the relationship between KBEL and HUK
because HUK will now be selling beer to certain large retail customers to which KBEL previously sold directly.


a significant impact on net sales.




during fiscal year 2013 was $25
770
300
 as compared to $28
442
100 during fiscal year 2012
 a decrease of $2
671
800
 or 9%. As
a percentage of net sales
 costs of goods sold remained between 72% and 73% in fiscal years 2013 and 2012.


capacity has a direct impact on cost. Generally
 when facilities are operating at higher percentage of production capacity
 cost
is favorably affected because fixed and semi-variable operating costs
 such as depreciation and production costs
 are spread over
a larger volume base. Our production capacity is currently under-utilized. In addition to capacity utilization
 other factors that
could affect cost of sales include unanticipated increases in material and shipping costs
 the availability and prices of raw materials
and packaging materials
 and the availability of contract brewing arrangements.


    
    



OPERATIONS: Cost of goods sold as a percentage of net sales in the North American Territory increased to 81% during the fiscal
years 2013 compared to 76% in 2012. Underutilization of our production capacity
 as described above
 was a factor in costs of goods
sold in North America in 2013. The lower sales volume in 2013 caused further decreases in productivity. There was also a slight
increase in the price of raw materials.


As a percentage of net sales
 cost of goods sold in the United Kingdom during fiscal year 2013 decreased to 67%
 as compared to
70% during fiscal year 2012. In the UK
 the purchase price of our products includes an excise duty. The amount of this excise duty
decreased
 therefore the purchase price of the products decreased accordingly. Further
 there was an increase in our sales prices
with no corresponding increase in the purchase cost to us of several products.




sales offset by decreased cost of goods
 gross profit for fiscal year 2013 (expressed in United States dollars) was $9
865
600
a decrease of $936
900
 or 9%
 as compared to gross profit of $10
802
500 in fiscal year 2012. As a percentage of net sales
 our
overall gross profit during fiscal year 2013 and 2012 remained between 28% and 27%.




of marketing and distribution expenses
 and general and administrative expenses. Operating expenses for fiscal year 2013 totaled
$10
131
200
 an increase of $263
900
 or 3%
 as compared to $9
867
300 for fiscal year 2012. As a percentage of net sales
 operating
expenses increased to 28% during fiscal year 2013 compared to 25% in fiscal year 2012.


EXPENSES: Our marketing and distribution expenses consist of salaries and commissions
 advertising costs
 product and sales promotion
costs
 travel expenses
 and retail operating expenses. For fiscal year 2013
 such expenses equaled $5
432
000
 a decrease of $199
000
or 4%
 as compared to $5
631
000 in fiscal year 2012. As a percentage of net sales
 our marketing and distribution expenses increased
to 15% in fiscal year 2013
 as compared to 14% in fiscal year 2012.


OPERATIONS: Marketing and distribution expenses for the North American Territory in fiscal year 2013 equaled $1
710
600
 a decrease
of $43
900
 or 3%
 as compared to $1
754
500 in marketing and distribution expenses incurred during fiscal year 2012. Due to a
decrease in net sales
 marketing and distribution expenses increased to 12% of North American Territory net sales during fiscal
year 2013 compared to 11% in fiscal year 2012.


Marketing and distribution expenses in the Foreign Territory during fiscal year 2013 equaled $3
721
400
 a decrease of $155
100
or 4%
 as compared to $3
876
500 during fiscal year 2012. Such decrease is mainly due to a lower marketing agency fee and a reduction
in sales commission due to lower commissionable sales revenue. As a percentage of net sales in the United Kingdom
 such expenses
remained at 17% during fiscal years 2013 and 2012.


EXPENSES: General and administrative expenses include all expenses not characterized as sales and marketing expenses. Our general
and administrative expenses totaled $4
699
200 for fiscal year 2013
 representing an increase of $462
900
 or 11%
 as compared
to $4
236
300 for fiscal year 2012. General and administrative expenses equaled 13% of net sales for fiscal year 2013 and 11% of
net sales for fiscal year 2012.


OPERATIONS: General and administrative expenses for our North American Territory equaled $2
094
200 for fiscal year 2013
 representing
an increase of $109
600
 or 6%
 as compared to $1
984
600 for fiscal year 2012. The increase in general and administrative expenses
was due to an increase in costs of benefits for administrative staff
 increase in insurance costs
 increase in loan fees paid to
Cole Taylor and increase in legal costs related to our efforts to raise additional capital.


    
    



General and administrative expenses for our Foreign Territory equaled $2
605
000 in fiscal year 2013
 representing an increase
of $353
300
 or 16%
 as compared to $2
251
700 for fiscal year 2012 mainly due to costs associated with the negotiation of the
HUK agreements
 such as travel expenses and legal fees
 increases in staff training costs
 increases in pay to administrative employees
and increases in various miscellaneous costs.




 including
interest expenses
 totaled $607
200 in fiscal year 2013
 representing an increase of $233
100
 or 62%
 as compared to $374
100
in fiscal year 2012. Such increase was due to an increase in the interest rate imposed by Cole Taylor as a result of an event of
default
 interest accruing on the loan from HUK and loss from sale of assets.




income taxes of $4
100 for the fiscal year 2013 compared to a provision of $2
700 for the corresponding period in 2012. The provision
for taxes is related to the estimated amount of taxes that will be imposed on us by tax authorities in the US
 and is based upon
the previous year&rsquo;s results.




above
 our net loss for fiscal year 2013 prior to accounting for foreign currency translation adjustments was $876
900
 representing
a decrease in income of $1
435
300 as compared to net income of $558
400 for fiscal year 2012. After taking into account a positive
foreign currency translation adjustment of $7
300 for fiscal year 2013
 compared to a negative adjustment of $117
200 for fiscal
year 2012
 our comprehensive loss in fiscal year 2013 was $869
600
 as compared to comprehensive income of $441
200 in fiscal year
2012.




and merchandise store where we serve our brews on tap. We also sell various items of apparel and memorabilia bearing the Company&rsquo;s
trademarks
 which creates further awareness of our beers and reinforces our branding. Although sales revenues from retail operations
are not significant ($241
800 in 2013 and $256
600 in 2012)
 we view them as a marketing opportunity for our products.




Ukiah
 California and Saratoga Springs
 New York facilities has continued to place demands on our working capital. Historically
our operations have not generated sufficient cash flow to provide us with sufficient working capital. However
 we believe that
the liquidity we derive from debt financing and cash flow attributable to our operations is sufficient to fund our capital expenditures
debt maturities and other business needs for the next twelve months.

. In
response to the losses incurred in connection with our operations
 UBHL
 our indirect majority shareholder
 issued a letter of
financial support to the Company&rsquo;s accountants on November 8
 2013 (the &ldquo;Letter of Support&rdquo;). Under the terms
of the Letter of Support
 UBHL agreed to provide funding to the company on an as needed basis to enable MBC to meet its financial
obligations as they become due. There is no maximum limit on the amount of funding to be provided by UBHL under the terms of the
Letter of Support
 however
 such funding is subject to compliance with applicable exchange control regulations and other applicable
laws and regulations regarding the transfer of funds from India to the US.&nbsp;The Letter of Support was issued for a period up
to December 31
 2014.&nbsp;The type of financial support to be provided by UBHL and the terms of such financial support is not
specified in the Letter of Support. Management intends to seek UBHL&rsquo;s consent to keep the current Letter of Support in force
beyond the period
 if necessary
 or request that UBHL issue a new letter of support for periods after such period. If UBHL were
unable or unwilling to meet its current obligations under the Letter of Support or
 if requested
 UBHL does not agree to keep the
Letter of Support in force following the minimum specified period
 it could result in a material adverse effect on our financial
condition and could affect our ability to continue operations. UBHL controls the Company&rsquo;s two largest shareholders
 United
Breweries of America
 Inc. (&ldquo;UBA&rdquo;) and Inversiones
 and as such
 is the Company&rsquo;s indirect majority shareholder.
Our Chairman of the Board
 Dr. Vijay Mallya
 is also the Chairman of the board of directors of UBHL.


    
    



November 11
 2013 from UBHL
 MBC&rsquo;s indirect majority shareholder
 dated November 11
 2013. The chairman of MBC&rsquo;s Board
Dr. Vijay Mallya
 is also the chairman of the board of directors of UBHL. In the letter
 UBHL sets forth its understanding that
an investment in MBC will allow MBC to reach certain goals. In light of such understanding
 UBHL is willing to commit to invest
$2
000
000 in MBC in four installments to be paid every six months over a two year period. The letter does not state definitive
terms for the proposed investment
 but states that UBHL would prefer to receive &ldquo;ordinary voting stock&rdquo; as compensation
for such investment. UBHL will consider additional investment based on a business plan to be provided by MBC.

.
On June 23
 2011
 MBC and Releta entered into a Credit and Security Agreement (the &ldquo;Agreement&rdquo;) with Cole Taylor The
Agreement provides a credit facility with a maturity date of June&nbsp;23
 2016 of up to $10
000
000 consisting of a $4
119
000
revolving facility
 a $1
934
000 machinery and equipment term loan
 a $2
947
000 real estate term loan and a $1
000
000 capital
expenditure line of credit. A significant portion of the proceeds received under the Agreement were used to repay credit facilities
provided by Marquette Business Credit
 Inc. and Grand Pacific Financing Corporation. Convertible promissory notes issued to UBA
one of the Company&rsquo;s principal shareholders
 are subordinated to the Cole Taylor facility.


 2013
 MBC
and Releta entered into a First Amendment (the&nbsp;&ldquo;Amendment&rdquo;) to the Agreement. The Amendment clarified the method
by which the fixed charge coverage ratio is to be calculated
 with retrospective application. To the extent MBC and Releta may
have been in breach of the covenants related to the fixed charge coverage ratio for certain periods
 all of which ended on or before
December 31
 2012
 Cole Taylor agreed in the Amendment that such breach was waived and that no event of default occurred by reason
of such breach.


MBC and Releta to maintain certain minimum fixed charge coverage ratios for trailing twelve month periods and a minimum tangible
net worth. The minimum tangible net worth MBC and Releta are required to maintain is subject to increase based on the net income
of MBC and Releta. As previously disclosed in the Company&rsquo;s current report on Form 8-K filed on May 3
 2013
 the quarterly
report on Form 10-Q filed on August 14
 2013 and the current report on Form 8-K filed on September 24
 2013
 the Company has been
in default pursuant to the terms of the Agreement by virtue of its failure to maintain the required fixed charge coverage ratio.


 2013
MBC and Releta received a notice (the &ldquo;Default Notice&rdquo;) from Cole Taylor regarding its intention to exercise certain
rights with respect to events of default of the Company pursuant to the Agreement. The Default Notice listed the following defaults:


coverage ratio for the trailing twelve month periods ended March 31
 2013 onwards fell short of the required ratio. The tangible
net worth fell short of the required amount for the period beginning June 1
 2013 onwards.


 2013
the fixed charge coverage ratio was required to be 1.10 to 1. The Company calculated that the fixed charge coverage ratio as of
December 31
 2013 was -0.58 to 1. The Company calculated that the required tangible net worth of MBC and Releta was $6
181
400
as of December 31
 2013 and the actual tangible net worth on such date was $4
848
200. The Company does not anticipate that it
will regain compliance with the required fixed charge coverage ratio or the minimum tangible net worth in the immediate future.


that the failure of MBC and Releta to observe any covenant will constitute an event of default under the Agreement. Under the Agreement
upon the occurrence of an event of default
 all of MBC&rsquo;s and Releta&rsquo;s obligations under the Agreement may
 at Cole
Taylor&rsquo;s option
 be declared
 and immediately shall become
 due and payable
 without notice of any kind. An event of default
shall be deemed continuing until waived in writing by Cole Taylor. The Default Notice states that Cole Taylor has elected to charge
a default interest rate equal to two percent (2%) per annum in excess of the interest rate otherwise payable under the Agreement
effective September 1
 2013. The Company estimates that the increased interest rate will result in the payment by the Company to
Cole Taylor of an additional amount of approximately $120
000 for the first year. Cole Taylor has not waived the events of default
described in the Default Notice and has reserved the right to all other available rights and remedies under the Agreement
 certain
other related documents and applicable law. Cole Taylor could declare the full amount owed under the Agreement due and payable
at any time for any reason or no reason. The Company has not received any notice or other communication from Cole Taylor that it
intends to exercise any of the remedies available to it under the Agreement in connection with the events of default. The exercise
of additional remedies by Cole Taylor may have a material adverse effect on the Company&rsquo;s financial condition and the Company&rsquo;s
ability to continue to operate. If it becomes necessary for the MBC and Releta to seek additional financing
 there is no guarantee
that MBC and Releta will be able to obtain such financing on terms favorable to the Company or on any terms.


    
    


. On
April 18
 2013
 KBEL entered into a Loan Agreement with HUK pursuant to which HUK agreed to provide KBEL with a secured term loan
facility of &pound;1
000
000 to be made available
 subject to the fulfillment of certain conditions precedent
 on October 9
 2013
and to be repaid in full by October 9
 2016. KBEL availed itself of the loan on October 9
 2013. The Loan Agreement with HUK is
described under the section captioned &ldquo;Description Of Our Indebtedness&rdquo; below.


lines of credit
 other credit facilities and lease agreements which are currently outstanding (collectively
 &ldquo;Indebtedness&rdquo;).
We currently make timely payments of principal and interest relating to the Indebtedness as they fall due and anticipate that we
will continue to make such timely payments in the immediate future. However
 if we fail to maintain any of the financial covenants
under the various agreements governing Indebtedness (such as the default under the Agreement described above)
 fail to make timely
payments of amounts due under the Indebtedness
 or commit any other breach resulting in an event of default under the agreements
governing Indebtedness
 such events of default (including cross-defaults) could have a material adverse effect on our financial
condition. If our existing debt were accelerated and terminated
 we would need to obtain replacement financing
 the lack of which
would have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and ability to continue operations. In addition
 actions taken
by secured parties against the Company&rsquo;s assets which have been pledged as collateral could have a material adverse effect
on our financial condition and operations.


 2013
 we
had cash and cash equivalents of $324
800
 an accumulated deficit of $14
707
600
 and a working capital deficit of $6
334
800 due
to losses incurred and reclassification of debts owing to Cole Taylor as a result of the default under the Agreement described
above.


actions to enable us to meet our working capital needs through December 31
 2014
 including reducing discretionary expenditures
expanding business in new territories
 reducing manpower and securing additional brewing contracts in an effort to utilize a portion
of excess production capacity. We may also seek additional capital infusions to support our operations.


to seek UBHL&rsquo;s financial assistance under the Letter of Support and UBHL does not fulfill its commitment to MBC
 it may result
in a material adverse effect on our financial position and on our ability to continue operations. In addition
 our lenders may
seek to satisfy any outstanding obligations through recourse against the applicable pledged collateral which may include our real
property and fixed and current assets. The loss of any material pledged asset would likely have a material adverse effect on our
financial position and results of operations.




 we have funded
our operations primarily with proceeds from issuances of preferred stock
 Common Stock
 debt financing
 lease financing
 and cash
flows from operations.


was $276
100 and $468
100 for 2013 and 2012 respectively. During the year ended December 31
 2013
 the primary factors contributing
to our calculation of net cash provided by operating activities were non cash expenses consisting primarily of depreciation expense
of $1
105
400
 net decrease in accounts receivable of $1
395
400 net decrease in accounts payable
 accrued liabilities of $957
800
and net loss of $876
900.


 the
value of our inventory increased by $330
100 compared to increase of $110
900 during the year 2012. Fluctuations in inventory are
normal for our operations and industry and are typically not indicators of any material contributing cause. The decrease in accounts
payable for the year 2013 and 2012 was mainly attributable to payments made to Shepherd Neame to bring down amounts owed.


    
    



in inventories
 prepaid accounts
 deposits and accrued liabilities over the course of the year are due to normal operational fluctuations
during the year.


activities was $816
000 and $1
490
900
 respectively
 for 2013 and 2012. Such funds were used primarily for purchases of brewing
production and packaging equipment in the United States and beer dispensing equipment in the Foreign Territory.


activities was $669
500 and $928
600
 respectively for 2013 and 2012. During 2013
 we borrowed from HUK to repay amounts owed to
Shepherd Neame. Financing activities also include borrowing on long term debt
 debt payments and lease installment payments.




June 23
 2011
 MBC and Releta entered into the Agreement with Cole Taylor (as described in &ldquo;Liquidity and Capital Resources&rdquo;).
The Agreement provides a credit facility of up to $10
000
000 with a maturity date of June&nbsp;23
 2016
 consisting of a $4
119
000
revolving facility
 a $1
934
000 machinery and equipment term loan
 a $2
947
000 real estate term loan and a $1
000
000 capital
expenditure line of credit. At the time that the applicable loan or advance is made
 we may choose
 subject to certain contingencies
an interest rate based on either LIBOR or the Wall Street Journal prime rate as follows: (a) with respect to the revolving facility
either LIBOR plus a margin of 3.50% or the Wall Street Journal prime rate plus a margin of 1.00%
 (b) with respect to the machinery
and equipment term loan or the capital expenditure term loan
 either LIBOR plus a margin of 4.25% or the Wall Street Journal prime
rate plus a margin of 1.50%
 and (c) with respect to the real estate term loan
 either LIBOR plus a margin of 4.75% or the Wall
Street Journal prime rate plus a margin of 2.00%. As described below
 effective September 1
 2013
 Cole Taylor is charging a default
interest rate equal to two percent (2%) per annum in excess of the interest rate otherwise payable under the Agreement. The Agreement
binds us to certain financial covenants including maintaining prescribed minimum tangible net worth and prescribed minimum fixed
charges coverage. There is a prepayment penalty if we prepay all of our obligations prior to the maturity date. The credit facility
is secured by a first priority interest in all of MBC&rsquo;s and Releta&rsquo;s personal property and a first mortgage on our
Ukiah
 California real property
 among other items of MBC and Releta assets.


 2013
 MBC
and Releta entered into the Amendment to the Agreement (as described in &ldquo;Liquidity and Capital Resources&rdquo;). The Amendment
clarifies the method by which the fixed charge coverage ratio shall be calculated. To the extent we may have been in breach of
the covenants related to the fixed charge coverage ratio before December 31
 2012
 Cole Taylor has agreed in the Amendment that
such breach was waived and that no event of default occurred by reason of such breach on or before December 31
 2012.


in the Company&rsquo;s current report on Form 8-K filed on May 3
 2013
 the quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed on August 14
 2013
and the current report on Form 8-K filed on September 24
 2013
 the Company has been in default of the fixed charge coverage ratio
among other covenants contained in the Agreement. On September 18
 2013
 MBC and Releta received a notice (the &ldquo;Default Notice&rdquo;)
from Cole Taylor regarding its intention to exercise certain rights with respect to events of default of the Company pursuant to
the Agreement. Under the Agreement
 upon the occurrence of an event of default
 all of MBC&rsquo;s and Releta&rsquo;s obligations
under the Agreement may
 at the option of Cole Taylor
 be declared
 and immediately shall become
 due and payable
 without notice
of any kind. The Default Notice states that Cole Taylor has elected to charge a default interest rate equal to two percent (2%)
per annum in excess of the interest rate otherwise payable under the Agreement effective September 1
 2013. For more details on
this default
 please refer to &ldquo;Item 2 Liquidity and Capital Resources&rdquo; above.


On August&nbsp;31
 1999
 MBC and UBA
 one of our principal shareholders
 entered into a Master Line of Credit Agreement
 which
was subsequently amended in April&nbsp;2000 and February&nbsp;2001 (the &ldquo;Credit Agreement&rdquo;). The terms of the Credit
Agreement provide us with a line of credit in the principal amount of up to $1
600
000. As of the date of this filing
 UBA has
made thirteen separate advances to us under the Credit Agreement and one additional advance on March 2
 2005 on substantially the
same terms as those under the Credit Agreement
 pursuant to a series of individual eighteen-month promissory notes issued by us
to UBA (the &ldquo;UBA Notes&rdquo;). Thirteen of the UBA Notes are convertible into common stock at a rate of $1.50 per share
and one UBA Note is convertible at a rate of $1.44 per share. UBA has executed an Extension of Term of Notes under Master Line
of Credit Agreement and an amendment to the March 2
 2005 note (together
 the &ldquo;Extension Agreements&rdquo;). The Extension
Agreements
 as amended
 confirm UBA&rsquo;s extension of the terms of the UBA Notes for a period ending on June&nbsp;30
 2014 with
automatic renewals after such maturity date for successive one year terms
 provided that either MBC or UBA may elect not to extend
a term upon written notice given to the other party no more than 60 days and no fewer than 30 days prior to the expiration of the
applicable term.


    
    



to make quarterly interest payments to UBA on the first day of April
 July
 October
 and January. To date
 UBA has permitted us
to capitalize all accrued interest; therefore
 we have borrowed the maximum amount available under the facility. Upon maturity
of any of the UBA Notes
 unless UBA has given us prior instructions to commence repayment of the outstanding principal balance
the outstanding principal and accrued but unpaid interest on such UBA Notes may be converted
 at the option of UBA
 into shares
of our common stock. During the extended term of the UBA Notes
 UBA has the right to require us to repay the outstanding principal
balance
 along with the accrued and unpaid interest thereon
 to UBA within 60 days.


to credit facilities extended to us by Cole Taylor pursuant to a subordination agreement executed by UBA. Per the terms of the
subordination agreement
 UBA is precluded from demanding repayment of the UBA Notes unless and until the Cole Taylor facilities
are repaid in full.


principal amount of the UBA Notes as of December&nbsp;31
 2013 was $1
915
400
 and the accrued but unpaid interest thereon was
equal to approximately $1
582
500
 for a total amount outstanding of $3
497
900. As of December 31
 2013
 the outstanding principal
and interest on the UBA Notes was convertible into approximately 2
349
300 shares of our common stock. However
 as the current
market price of our common stock is substantially less than the conversion rate
 any conversion may occur at a lower price.


2013 and 2012
 the greatest aggregate amount of principal outstanding on the UBA Notes was $1
915
400. No principal or interest

February 28
 2014

915
400
 and the accrued but unpaid
interest thereon was equal to approximately $1
597
300
 for a total amount outstanding of $3
512
700

in to 2
359

 2014
 UBA beneficially owned approximately 24.5% of our outstanding
Common Stock (excluding any shares issuable upon conversion of the UBA Notes). Our Chairman
 Dr. Vijay Mallya
 is also the Chairman
of the board of directors of UBA.


2013
 KBEL entered into a Loan Agreement with HUK pursuant to which HUK provided KBEL with a secured term loan facility of &pound;1
000
000
on October 9
 2013
 to be repaid in twelve equal quarterly installment commencing on January 9
 2014. Interest on the loan is payable
quarterly in arrears on the outstanding balance of the loan at the rate of 5% above the Bank of England base rate. Prepayment is
permitted. Upon an event of default
 if HUK and KBEL fail to agree on a payment plan acceptable to HUK
 HUK may
 among other remedies
declare the loan immediately due and repayable or exercise its right to an exclusive license pursuant to the Sub-Licence Agreement
entered into between HUK
 UBIUK
 KBEL and UB Limited on April 18
 2013.




FACILITY: On April 26
 2005
 Royal Bank of Scotland Commercial Services Limited (&ldquo;RBS&rdquo;) provided KBEL with an approximately
$2.8 million (&pound;1
750
000) maximum revolving line of credit with an advance rate based on 80% of KBEL&rsquo;s qualified accounts
receivable. This facility has a minimum maturity of twelve months
 but will be automatically extended unless terminated by either
party upon six months&rsquo; written notice.


The weighted average interest rates on our debts incurred in connection with the North American Territory were 5.4% for fiscal
year 2013 compared to 4.9% for fiscal year 2012. For loans primarily associated with our Foreign Territory
 the weighted average
interest rate paid was 3.5% for fiscal years 2013 and 3% for the fiscal year 2012.


We entered into a keg management agreement (the &ldquo;Keg Agreement&rdquo;) with MicroStar Keg Management LLC (&ldquo;MicroStar&rdquo;)
for a five year term effective September 1
 2009. Under this arrangement
 MicroStar provides us with half-barrel kegs for which
we pay a filling and use fee. Distributors return empty kegs to MicroStar instead of to us. MicroStar then supplies us with additional
kegs. In case of a change of control of MBC during the term of the Keg Agreement
 MicroStar shall have an option to terminate the
Keg Agreement by providing the Company with written notice within 45 days following the effective date of the change of control.
If the Keg Agreement is terminated
 MicroStar shall have an option to require the Company to purchase four (4) times the average
monthly quantity of MicroStar kegs delivered to the Company during the six month period preceding the effective date of the termination
of the Keg Agreement. We anticipate financing the purchase of such kegs through debt or lease financing
 if available. However
there can be no assurance that we will be able to finance the purchase of such kegs. Failure to renew the agreement with MicroStar
at the end of current term or failure to purchase the necessary kegs from MicroStar upon the termination of the Keg Agreement is
likely to have a material adverse effect on both our business (if we are unable to find a comparable supplier) as well as on our
working capital (if we are required to purchase the kegs upon early termination and are unable to obtain adequate financing).


    
    



of current assets to current liabilities on December 31
 2013 was 0.53 to 1.0 and on December 31
 2012 was 0.73 to 1.0. Our ratio
of total assets to total liabilities as of December 31
 2013 was 1.06 to 1.0 and December 31
 2012 was 1.10 to 1.0.


Our wholly-owned subsidiary
 UBIUK
 had cumulative losses of approximately $1
717
400 as of December 31
 2013. Under KBEL&rsquo;s
line of credit agreement with RBS
 distributions and other payments from our subsidiaries to us are not permitted if the retained
earnings drop below approximately $1
657
400.


Over the last several years
 MBC and our subsidiaries have entered into or amended several agreements with affiliated and related
entities. Among such agreements have been a Brewing Agreement and a Loan Agreement between KBEL and Shepherd Neame; a Market Development
Agreement
 a Distribution Agreement
 and a Brewing License Agreement between MBC and KBEL; a Distribution Agreement between UBIUK
and KBEL; a Trademark Licensing Agreement between MBC and Kingfisher of America
 Inc.; a License Agreement between UBIUK and UB
Limited; a brewing agreement between KBEL
 UBIUK and HUK; a loan agreement between KBEL and HUK; and a sub license agreement between
KBEL
 UB Limited
 UBIUK and HUK . (For more information on these agreements please see &ldquo;Item 13. -- Certain Relationships
and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence&rdquo;.)




any off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a material current or future impact on our financial
condition
 changes in financial condition
 revenues or expenses
 results of operations
 liquidity
 capital expenditures or capital
resources.&nbsp;




obligations as of December 31
 2013.



    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
2
245
000
2
245
000
    
    
    

    
6
105
400
5
000
500
1
104
900
    
    

    
25
600
6
400
12
800
6
400
    

    
1
416
100
400
500
525
200
386
600
103
800

    
1
949
700
1
949
700
    
    
    

    
3
497
900
    
    
3
497
900
    

    
15
239
700
9
602
100
1
642
900
3
890
900
103
800





of our financial condition and results of operations are based on our financial statements
 which have been prepared in accordance
with United States generally accepted accounting principles (&ldquo;GAAP&rdquo;). The preparation of these financial statements
requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets
 liabilities and expenses and related disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities. We review our estimates on an ongoing basis. We base our estimates on historical experience
and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances
 the results of which form the basis
for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities. Actual results may differ from these estimates under
different assumptions or conditions. While our significant accounting policies are described in more detail in Note 1 to our financial
statements
 we believe the following accounting policies to be critical to the judgments and estimates used in the preparation
of our consolidated financial statements:


    
    


.
The Company recognizes revenue from the brewing and distribution operations in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification
(&ldquo;ASC&rdquo;) 605 of the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&ldquo;FASB&rdquo;). The Company recognizes revenue from product
sales
 net of discounts.


revenue only when all of the following criteria have been met:

















&ndash; The Company documents all terms of an arrangement in a written contract or purchase order signed by the customer prior
to recognizing revenue.


Been Performed&rdquo; &ndash; The Company delivers the products prior to recognizing revenue or performs services as per contractual
terms. Product is considered delivered upon delivery to a customer&rsquo;s designated location and services are considered performed
upon completion of Company&rsquo;s contractual obligations.


or Determinable&rdquo; &ndash; Prior to recognizing revenue
 an amount is either fixed or determinable under the terms of the written
contract. The price is negotiated at the outset of the arrangement and is not subject to refund or adjustment during the initial
term of the arrangement.


&ndash; The Company determines that collectability is reasonably assured prior to recognizing revenue. Collectability is assessed
on a customer-by-customer basis based on criteria outlined by Management. The Company does not enter into arrangements unless collectability
is reasonably assured at the outset. Existing customers are subject to ongoing credit evaluations based on payment history and
other factors. If it is determined during the arrangement that collectability is not reasonably assured
 revenue is recognized
on a cash basis.


consideration paid to customers for services or placement fees as a reduction in revenue rather than as an expense. The Company
reports these items on the income statement as a reduction in revenue and as a corresponding reduction in marketing and selling
expenses.


and gift store are recognized when sales have been completed.

Allowance for Doubtful
Accounts. 
collection experience and a review of the current status of accounts receivable. We review our accounts receivable balances by
customer for accounts greater than 90 days old and make a determination regarding the collectability of the accounts based on specific
circumstances and the payment history that exists with such customers. We also take into account our prior experience
 the customer&rsquo;s
ability to pay and an assessment of the current economic conditions in determining the net realizable value of our receivables.
We also review our allowances for doubtful accounts in aggregate for adequacy following this assessment. Accordingly
 we believe
that our allowances for doubtful accounts fairly represent the underlying collectability risks associated with our accounts receivable.

. Inventory
consists of raw materials
 work in progress
 and finished goods. Inventory is stated at the lower of cost or market using the average-cost
method. Cost includes the acquisition cost of raw materials and components
 direct labor
 and manufacturing overhead. We periodically
review our inventory for excess or quality issues. Should we conclude that we have inventory for which we cannot recover our costs
as a result of such review
 we would record a charge to cost of goods sold. We record write downs for excess and obsolete inventory
equal to the difference between the cost of inventory and the estimated fair value based on assumptions about future product life-cycles
product demand and market conditions. If actual product life cycles
 product demand and market conditions are less favorable than
those projected by Management
 additional inventory write-downs may be required.


    
    


Impairment of Long-Lived
Assets.
360-10-50
 (Accounting for the Impairment and Disposal of Long-Lived Assets). The Company reviews the carrying value of property
and equipment for impairment whenever events and circumstances indicate that the carrying value of an asset may not be recoverable
from the estimated future cash flows expected to result from its use and eventual disposition. In cases where undiscounted expected
future cash flows are less than the carrying value
 an impairment loss is recognized equal to an amount by which the carrying value
exceeds the fair value of assets. The factors considered by Management in performing this assessment include current operating
results
 trends
 and prospects
 as well as the effects of obsolescence
 demand
 competition
 and other economic factors. Long-lived
assets that Management commits to sell or abandon are reported at the lower of carrying amount or fair value less cost to sell.

Foreign Currency Translation.

 the UK Pound Sterling
is the functional currency
 are translated into United States dollars using period-end exchange rates for assets and liabilities
and average exchange rates during the period for revenues and expenses. Cumulative translation adjustments associated with net
assets or liabilities are reported as non-owner changes in equity.&nbsp;Any exchange rate gains or losses related to foreign currency
transactions are recognized in the income statement as incurred in the same financial statement caption as the underlying transaction
and are not material for any year shown.


at exchange rates in effect on December 31
 2013 and 2012
 and its cash flows were translated at the average exchange rates for
the years then ended. Changes in cash resulting from the translations are presented as a separate item in the statements of cash
flows.



for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement bases and the respective tax bases
of the assets and liabilities and operating loss and tax credit carry forwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured
using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be
recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized as income in the
period that includes the enactment date. Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the
amount expected to be realized
 and have been provided for all periods presented.


assesses uncertain tax positions that the Company has taken or expects to take on a tax return (including a decision whether to
file or not to file a return in a particular jurisdiction). The Company evaluated its tax positions and determined that there were
no uncertain tax benefits for the years ending December 31
 2013 and 2012.




 the Financial
Accounting Standards Board (&ldquo;FASB&rdquo;) issued Accounting Standards Update (&ldquo;ASU&rdquo;) No. 2013-02
 Reporting of
Amounts Reclassified Out of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income requiring new disclosures regarding reclassification adjustments
from accumulated other comprehensive income (&ldquo;AOCI&rdquo;). ASU No. 2013-02 requires disclosure of amounts reclassified out
of AOCI in its entirety
 by component
 on the face of the statement of operations or in the notes. The standard is effective for
fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2012. The Company adopted this guidance beginning in the first quarter of 2013. Adoption
of this guidance does not have a material impact on the Company&rsquo;s consolidated financial statements.


 the FASB
issued guidance on the financial statement presentation of an unrecognized tax benefit when a net operating loss carryforward
a similar tax loss
 or a tax credit carryforward exists. The guidance is effective prospectively for fiscal years
 and interim
periods within those years
 beginning after December 15
 2013
 with an option for early adoption. The Company does not believe
the adoption of this standard will have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements.


pronouncements issued by the FASB (including its Emerging Issues Task Force (&ldquo;EITF&rdquo;))
 the American Institute of Certified
Public Accountants (&ldquo;AICPA&rdquo;)
 and the SEC did not or are not believed by management to have a material impact on the
Company&rsquo;s present or future financial statements.


    
    


ITEM
QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT
MARKET RISK.



ITEM
8.


forth on Pages F-1 through F-25 of this Annual Report.

ITEM
CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON
ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE.



ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND
PROCEDURES.

EVALUATION OF DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND
PROCEDURES


Management team
 under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer)
and our Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer)
 evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure
controls and procedures (as defined under Rule&nbsp;13a-15(e) promulgated under the Exchange Act) as of the last day of the fiscal
period covered by this Annual Report
 December&nbsp;31
 2013. The term &ldquo;disclosure controls and procedures&rdquo; means our
controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we
file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported
 within the time periods specified in the
SEC&rsquo;s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include
 without limitation
 controls and procedures designed to
ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated
and communicated to Management
 including our principal executive and principal financial officer
 or persons performing similar
functions
 as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based on this evaluation
 our Chief Executive
Officer (principal executive officer) and our Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer) concluded that our disclosure
controls and procedures were effective as of December&nbsp;31
 2013.

Report
of Management on Internal Control over Financial Reporting


is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial
reporting is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and Rule 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act as a process designed by
 or under the supervision
of
 the issuer&rsquo;s principal executive and principal financial officers
 or persons performing similar functions
 and effected
by the issuer&rsquo;s board of directors
 Management and other personnel
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP and includes those
policies and procedures that:


pertain to the maintenance of records that
 in reasonable detail
 accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and
dispositions of the assets of the issuer;


provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit the preparation of financial statements in
accordance with GAAP
 and that receipts and expenditures of the issuer are being made only in accordance with authorizations
of Management and directors of the issuer; and


provide reasonable assurance regarding the prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use or disposition of
the issuer&rsquo;s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.


of our inherent limitations
 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also
 projections
of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes
in conditions or that the degree of compliance with existing policies or procedures may deteriorate.


    
    



accordance with the internal control reporting requirements of the SEC
 Management completed an assessment of the adequacy of our
internal control over financial reporting as of December 31
 2013. In making this assessment
 Management used the criteria set
by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission
(COSO) and the SEC&rsquo;s guide entitled &ldquo;Sarbanes-Oxley Section 404: A Guide for Small Business&rdquo;. As a result of
this assessment and based on the criteria in the COSO framework and SEC guidance
 Management has concluded that
 as of December
31
 2013
 our internal control over financial reporting was effective.

CHANGES IN INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL
REPORTING 


were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the year ended&nbsp;December 31
 2013 that have materially
affected
 or are reasonably likely to materially affect
 our internal control over financial reporting.

ITEM
9B.





ITEM 10. DIRECTORS
EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE.


 ages
as of February 28
 2014
 and certain information regarding each of our current directors and executive officers:



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    


 Ph.D.
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    


 Ph.D.
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    

&nbsp;President&nbsp;and&nbsp;Chief&nbsp;Executive&nbsp;Officer
    




    
All directors are elected by our shareholders at the Annual Meeting to serve until the following Annual Meeting. Currently
 there are no arrangements or understandings between (i) any of the directors and any other person pursuant to which any director was or is to be selected as a director or (ii) any of the executive officers and any other person pursuant to which any executive officer was or is to be selected as an executive officer. We have entered into an employment agreement with our Chief Executive Officer pursuant to which his term of employment has been extended until September 30
 2015. Our Chief Financial Officer does not have any set date for the expiration of his term of office.




    
    




    
    



    
    



of NASDAQ Insurance Group
 LLC
 a national insurance brokerage and consulting firm owned by the NASDAQ Stock Market prior to the
firm&rsquo;s sale to Aon Risk Services in 2009. Mr. Heldfond currently services as a Director at Aon Risk Services. Mr. Heldfond
has also served as the Managing Partner of eSEED Capital
 LLC
 a technology-focused merchant banking firm since 1999. He also served
as President and Chief Executive Officer of Frank Crystal &amp; Co. of California
 a New York-based insurance brokerage firm from
1995 to 1999
 as Chairman of Hales Capital LLC
 an investment banking firm from 1994 to February 1997 and as President of AON Real
Estate &amp; Investments . Mr. Heldfond also previously served as a Director of HomeGain
 Inc. (later sold to Classified Ventures)
a private venture backed company
 and currently serves as a Director of UBICS Inc.
 a NASDAQ traded firm that provides information
technology staffing and solutions for domestic and international businesses. Mr. Heldfond also served as a Director of Galoob Toys
which was the third largest toy manufacturer before its sale to Hasbro. Mr. Heldfond holds an undergraduate degree from the University
of California
 Berkeley and a J.D. from the University of San Francisco Law School. He is a Mayoral appointed Commissioner of the
Health Services Commission of the City and County of San Francisco. In addition
 he serves as an advisor to or on the board of
directors of a number of local
 statewide
 and national charitable and community service organizations. Mr. Heldfond is the retired
Honorary Consul General to the United States for the Republic of Rwanda. Mr. Heldfond&rsquo;s expertise in risk management and
insurance matters
 in particular
 led to his selection as a member of the Board.


 co-founder
of the Company
 served as the Company&rsquo;s President from its inception in 1983 through December 1999
 and as its Chief Executive
Officer from inception through October 1997. Mr. Laybourn was elected as a Director in November 1993 when the Company began the
process of converting from a limited partnership to a corporation and served as Chairman of the Board from June 1994 through October
1997. Mr. Laybourn is a former Vice President of the California Small Brewers Association and a former Chairman of the board of
directors of the Brewers Association of America. Mr. Laybourn holds a Bachelor of Fine Arts degree from Arizona State University.
Mr. Laybourn&rsquo;s expertise in craft brewing
 in particular
 led to his selection as a member of the Board.


 Ph.D.
became Chairman of the Board in October 1997 and was MBC&rsquo;s Chief Executive Officer until January 2005. Dr. Mallya is a well
known industrialist and the Chairman of UBICS
 Inc.
 United Breweries Limited
 United Spirits Limited
 Whyte &amp; Makay Limited
United Breweries (Holdings) Limited (which is the indirect beneficial owner of two of MBC&rsquo;s largest shareholders (United
Breweries of America
 Inc. and Inversiones Mirabel S.A.))
 Kingfisher Airlines Limited
 UB Engineering Limited
 Mangalore Chemicals
and Fertilizers Ltd.
 and other affiliated companies (collectively the &ldquo;UB Group&rdquo;). The UB Group is comprised of businesses
in the following sectors: alcoholic beverages
 life sciences
 engineering
 agrochemicals
 information technology
 fertilizers
print media
 civil aviation and infrastructure development. United Breweries Limited and United Spirits Limited are two of Asia&rsquo;s
leading beer and spirits companies. Dr. Mallya is also a keen sportsman and an ardent aviator and yachtsman.&nbsp;Dr. Mallya and
certain companies with which he is associated provide financial and other support for several sporting activities worldwide
 including
the Force India F1 Formula One Motor Racing Team
 the United East Bengal Football Team and the United Mohun Bagan Football Team.
He also sits on the boards and committees of several foreign companies and organizations including companies comprising the UB
Group
 The Institute of Economic Studies (India)
 the Federation of the Indian Chamber of Commerce and Industries and Motorsports
Association of India. Dr. Mallya has been the recipient of many prestigious awards and accolades
 including being nominated to
the Global Leaders of Tomorrow by the World Economic Forum
 receiving the L&eacute;gion d&rsquo; Honneur from the Government of
France in 2008 and the Outstanding Business Leader Award from the Associated Chambers of Commerce and Industry of India in 2009.
Dr. Mallya is currently serving as a member of the Upper House of the Indian Parliament for the second time. Dr. Mallya holds a
Bachelor of Commerce degree from the University of Calcutta in India and an honorary Doctorate in Business Administration from
California Southern University
 Santa Ana. Dr. Mallya&rsquo;s knowledge and expertise in the global alcoholic beverage industry
were significant in his selection as a member of the Board as well as his appointment as Chairman.


a director in October 1997 and was Chief Financial Officer of the Company from November 1997 to October 1998. Mr. Merchant served
as the Strategic Planning Consultant to the Chairman&rsquo;s Office of the Company from July 1996 until January 2007. Mr. Merchant
is a Managing Director with Kinetic Advisors
 LLC
 a boutique mid-market investment advisory company. He has over 20 years of experience
in investment banking and capital raising transactions. Previously
 he held executive positions at McGladrey Capital Markets
 Citigroup
and MetLife Investors. Mr. Merchant has advised the investment division and clients of Citibank and Smith Barney
 amongst others.
In executive and strategic planning capacities
 he has advised public and private companies and institutional and high-net worth
investors. Between April 1993 and December 2003
 Mr. Merchant served in various senior capacities for Cal Fed Investments
 a wholly
owned subsidiary of Cal Fed Bank. Previously
 Mr. Merchant directed the west coast capital raising for a private equity group focused
on equity oriented management buyouts and strategic acquisitions. He received his B.S. degree in Managerial Economics-Finance from
the University of California
 Davis. Mr. Merchant&rsquo;s expertise in capital raising and financial markets contributed to his
selection as a member of the Board.


    
    


Mahadevan
Narayanan joined the company in 2001 as Secretary and Chief Financial Officer. Before joining the Company
 he served the UB Group
(including affiliates of the Company) in India for 17 years as part of the management team in various financial and accounting
capacities. Immediately prior to joining the Company
 Mahadevan Narayanan was employed as Senior Manager of Accounting Services
of Herbertsons Ltd. for six years. He holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Mathematics from Madurai Kamaraj University in India
and is an Associate member of the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India.

Sury
Rao Palamand became a director of MBC in January 1998. Dr. Palamand is a director and partner of Summit Products
 Inc.
 a beverage
development and consulting company serving the food and beverage industry. He is also a director and partner in the Historic Lemp
Brewery and is involved in the development of microbreweries and brewpubs
 and in the restoration of historic buildings. Dr. Palamand
has over 40 years of experience in the brewing industry and has published numerous scientific and technical papers on beer and
other fermented beverages in various technical journals in the United States and abroad. He is an associate member of the Institute
of Brewing
 London and is a member of several brewing organizations in the United States. In addition
 Dr. Palamand possesses
technical and technological expertise in wine making as well as in the development of soft drinks. Prior to joining the Company
as a director
 Dr. Palamand served as Director of Beer and New Beverage Development at Anheuser-Busch Companies
 Inc. Dr. Palamand
holds a Bachelor of Science degree from the University of Mysore
 India
 a Master of Science degree in Applied Chemistry from
the University of Bombay
 India and a Masters degree in Food Microbiology and a Ph.D. degree in Food and Flavor technology from
Ohio State University
 Columbus
 Ohio. Dr. Palamand is listed in the MARQUIS WHO&rsquo;S WHO in America and in the WHO&rsquo;S
WHO in the Midwest. In particular
 Mr. Palamand&rsquo;s technical expertise in fermented beverages was an important criteria in
his selection as a member of the Board.

Kent
D. Price became a director in January 1998. Kent Price is a founder and President of Parker Price Venture Capital. Mr.
Price was a Rhodes Scholar at Oxford University
 attended the University of Montana
 the University of California
 Los
Angeles and Harvard Business School. Mr. Price is a member of the board of directors of the University of Montana and a
served on its Foundation and Investment Committee. Mr. Price is the chairman of Fluid Inc.
 a technology enhanced service
company that is a leader in the development of eCommerce sites. Mr. Price has extensive operational experience
 including as
Chief Executive Officer of The Chloride Group
 a global battery company
 Chief Executive Officer of the Bank of San
Francisco
 General Manager of Banking
 Finance and Securities Group at IBM
 Chief Financial Officer at the Bank of New
England
 Executive Vice President of the Bank of America and a senior officer at Citibank. He has lived and worked in
England
 Germany
 Ireland
 Nigeria
 Ivory Coast
 Taiwan
 Hong Kong
 Japan and Singapore as well as the United States. He has
served on various boards of directors of companies based in the UK
 India
 South Africa
 Hong Kong
 Taiwan
 China and the
United States. Mr. Price served on the board of directors of UBICS (a NASDAQ listed company). Mr. Price served as a
Captain in the United States Air Force. Mr. Price&rsquo;s banking and financial expertise was important in his selection as a
member of the Board.

Yashpal
Singh became a director of MBC in October 1997 and served as the Company&rsquo;s Executive Vice President and Chief Operating
Officer beginning in April 1998. Mr. Singh became the Company&rsquo;s President in January 2000 and its Chief Executive Officer
in January 2005. From May 1997 to March 1998
 Mr. Singh served as Executive Vice-President- Operations for UBA
 one of MBC&rsquo;s
major shareholders. Between 1964 and 1990
 Mr. Singh served in various capacities including as Head Brewer and Chief Executive
Officer of a large alcoholic beverage corporation in India. Between 1990 and 1997
 Mr. Singh also served as Senior Vice President-Operations
for United Breweries Ltd.
 an Indian Corporation
 where he was responsible for the operations of 12 breweries
 the establishment
of new green-field projects
 and technical and operational evaluations of potential acquisition opportunities worldwide. Mr. Singh
holds a Bachelor&rsquo;s degree in Science from Punjab University in India
 a Diploma in Brewing from the Institute of Brewing
and Distilling in London and has extensive training in the fields of Brewing
 Malting
 and Mineral Water Technology. Mr. Singh
is an Associate member of the Institute of Brewing
 London
 a member of the Master Brewers Association of America
 and was a former
executive member of the Managing Committee of the All India Brewer&rsquo;s Association. Mr. Singh has over 48 years of varied
experience in the brewing industry. Mr. Singh&rsquo;s long standing technical and management expertise in brewing led to his selection
as a member of the Board.

FAMILY
RELATIONSHIPS

There
are no family relationships among any of the directors and executive officers.


    
    


INVOLVEMENT
IN CERTAIN LEGAL PROCEEDINGS



SECTION
16(a) BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP REPORTING COMPLIANCE

Based
solely on our review of the Forms 3
 4 and 5 furnished to us during and with respect to fiscal year 2013
 we are not aware of
any untimely filing by a director
 officer
 or greater than 10% beneficial owner of the reports required by Section 16(a) of the
Exchange Act during our most recent fiscal year.

AUDIT
COMMITTEE

We
have a separately-designated standing Audit/Finance Committee established in accordance with Section 3(a)(58)(A) of the Exchange
Act. Jerome G. Merchant
 Scott R. Heldfond and Kent D. Price serve as the committee members of the Audit/Finance Committee.

AUDIT
COMMITTEE FINANCIAL EXPERT

The
Board has determined that Mr. Kent D. Price
 a member of our Audit/Finance Committee
 is both an independent Director and qualifies
as an &ldquo;audit committee financial expert&rdquo; as that term is defined in the Exchange Act
 and pursuant to the rules and
regulations promulgated by the SEC.

CODE
OF ETHICS

We
have adopted a Code of Ethics that applies to our Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer)
 Chief Financial Officer
(chief financial officer)
 and principal accounting officer. The Code of Ethics is posted on our website at www.mendobrew.com.
We intend to disclose future amendments to certain provisions of our Code of Ethics
 or waivers of such provisions granted to
executive officers and directors on our website within four (4) business days following the date of such amendment or waiver.
Any person desiring a free copy of the Code of Ethics should send a written request to our Secretary
 Mahadevan Narayanan
 at
our principal executive office located at 1601 Airport Road
 Ukiah
 CA 95482.

DIRECTORS&rsquo;
NOMINATIONS

There
have been no material changes to the procedures by which shareholders may recommend nominees to the Board. Once the date of the
next annual meeting has been set
 the Company will file a current report on Form 8-K disclosing the date by which a nominating
shareholder or nominating shareholder group must submit a notice on Schedule 14N
 which date shall be a reasonable time before
we mail our proxy materials for the meeting.

Corporate
Governance

Director
Independence

The
Board has determined that the following directors qualify as &ldquo;independent&rdquo; in accordance with the published listing
requirements of NASDAQ: Mr. Heldfond
 Mr. Laybourn
 Mr. Palamand
 Mr. Merchant and Mr. Price. Mr. Singh is not &ldquo;independent&rdquo;
because he is an employee of MBC. Dr. Mallya is not independent since he has received payments in excess of the applicable threshold
from the Company during the last three (3) years. Prior to 2007
 Mr. Merchant provided certain consulting services to the Company
however
 given the timing and nature of such services as well as the amount of compensation provided in relation thereto
 the
Board has determined that Mr. Merchant meets the criteria for being an &ldquo;independent director&rdquo;.


    
    


The
NASDAQ rules contain both objective tests and a subjective test for determining who is an &ldquo;independent director.&rdquo;
The objective tests provide that a director is not considered independent if he (i) is an employee of the Company (or a parent
or subsidiary) (or has been in the past three (3) years); (ii) has accepted (or a family member has accepted) compensation from
the Company in excess of $120
000 during any period of twelve (12) consecutive months within the preceding three (3) year period
(subject to certain exceptions); (iii) has a family member that was employed as an executive officer of the Company (or a parent
or subsidiary) during the past three (3) years; (iv) is (or a family member is) a controlling shareholder or an executive officer
of an organization to which the Company made or received payments in the current year or at any time during the past three (3)
years that exceed the greater of (a) five percent (5%) of the recipient&rsquo;s consolidated gross revenues or (b) $200
000 for
that year; (v) is (or has a family member who is) employed as an executive officer of another entity where at anytime during the
past three (3) years any of the executive officers of the Company serve on the compensation committee of such other entity; or
(vi) is (or has a family member who is) a current partner of the Company&rsquo;s outside auditor who worked on the Company&rsquo;s
audit at anytime during any of the past three (3) years. The subjective test is based on the standard that an independent director
must be a person who lacks a relationship that
 in the opinion of the Board
 would interfere with the exercise of independent
judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director.

Leadership
Structure

Since
January 2005
 the Company has separated the roles of Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer. From 1997 until January
2005
 Dr. Vijay Mallya served as both the Chief Executive Officer as well as Chairman of the board of directors of MBC (the &ldquo;Board
of Directors&rdquo; or the &ldquo;Board&rdquo;). The Board of Directors believes that the separation of the roles of Chief Executive
Officer and Chairman of the Board provides the Company with additional processes
 controls and oversights that facilitate the
functioning of the Board of Directors and its decision-making in the best interests of MBC and its shareholders. In addition
the separation of the roles of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer permit the holders of such offices to focus on the fundamental
duties and specialized nature of the respective office. MBC&rsquo;s Chairman
 Dr. Vijay Mallya
 and the Board of Directors works
together with the Chief Executive Officer to develop MBC&rsquo;s strategic goals. Dr. Mallya also acts as an international brand
ambassador and presides over the Board of Directors meetings at which he is present. MBC&rsquo;s Chief Executive Officer
 Yashpal
Singh
 is responsible for the day-to-day oversight of the MBC&rsquo;s performance and the brewing operations. Mr. Singh is also
responsible for the implementation of MBC&rsquo;s strategic goals. The Board of Directors may review its leadership structure
from time to time and implement any changes that it deems appropriate to respond to the needs of the Company.

Risk
Oversight

The
Audit/Finance Committee and Compensation Committee play key roles in the Board of Director&rsquo;s risk oversight function as
such committee members are all Non-Employee Directors. The Committee system provides an independent level of protection with regards
to MBC&rsquo;s decision-making processes and an additional mechanism for the oversight of MBC&rsquo;s risk management controls
and procedures. The Board of Directors as a whole will continue to monitor MBC&rsquo;s general and specific risks and take action
to manage such risk as it deems appropriate or necessary.

Board
of Directors&rsquo; and Committee Meetings

During
the fiscal year ended December 31
 2013
 the Board of Directors held two meetings and the Audit/Finance Committee held five meetings.
Two directors did not attend one meeting of the Board of Directors and no director attended fewer than 75% of the meetings any
committees of which such Director was a member.

Listed
below are the committees of the Board of Directors
 along with the names of the Directors who served as members of each committee
during 2013.

Audit/Finance
Committee

Messrs.
Merchant
 Price
 and Heldfond serve as the members of the Audit/Finance Committee (established in accordance with Section 3(a)(58)(A)
of the Exchange Act). This committee met five times during fiscal year 2013. The Audit/Finance Committee reviews
 acts on
 and
reports to the Board of Directors with respect to various auditing
 accounting and finance matters
 including the selection of
the Company&rsquo;s auditors
 the scope of the annual audits
 the fees to be paid to the auditors
 the performance of the Company&rsquo;s
auditors
 and the accounting practices of the Company. In the judgment of MBC&rsquo;s Board of Directors
 the members of the Committee
are &ldquo;independent
&rdquo; as that term is defined in Rule 5605(a)(2) of the NASDAQ Listing Rules and also meet the additional
criteria for independence of Audit Committee members set forth in Rule 10A-3(b)(1) under the Exchange Act.


    
    


Nominating
Committee
 the Board of Directors does not have a nominating committee or a committee performing
similar functions. Instead
 all of the Directors participate in the director nomination process. A few of MBC&rsquo;s Directors
may not meet the criteria to qualify as &ldquo;independent&rdquo; under the rules of NASDAQ or under the applicable rules of the
other national securities exchanges.

Compensation
Committee
 Price
 and Laybourn served on MBC&rsquo;s Compensation Committee for the fiscal year
ended December 31
 2013. The Compensation Committee considers all matters of compensation with respect to the chief executive
officer
 president
 any vice president
 and any other senior executive
 and makes recommendations to the Board of Directors regarding
the compensation of such persons. The Compensation Committee also makes determinations with respect to the granting of stock awards
to directors who are also employees of MBC. In the judgment of MBC&rsquo;s Board of Directors
 the members of the Compensation
Committee are &ldquo;independent&rdquo; as that term is defined in Rule 5605(a)(2) of the NASDAQ Listing Rules.

ITEM
11.

SUMMARY
COMPENSATION TABLE

The
following table sets forth the annual compensation of our Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) and Chief Financial
Officer (principal financial officer)
 who are the only MBC employees whose total compensation exceeded $100
000 during the fiscal
year ended December 31
 2013.

Neither
of these executive officers has been issued equity shares or stock options as compensation to date.



    
 Position
    
    
($)
    
    
 Compensation
 ($)*
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
304
000
30
500
18
600
353
100

    
    
304
000
27
500
17
000
348
500

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
181
100
18
200
22
100
221
400

    
    
181
100
16
500
22
400
220
000


* Other
compensation includes use of company vehicle
 health care reimbursement for the executive and his immediate family and vacation
reimbursement.

Compensation
Narrative

The
Compensation Committee of the Board determines and administers the compensation for our executive officers. The Compensation Committee
reviews and determines all components of the executive officers&rsquo; compensation
 including making individual compensation
decisions and reviewing and revising compensation guidelines as appropriate. The Compensation Committee also consults with the
Chief Executive Officer regarding revisions to the compensation of the Chief Financial Officer and other non-executive employees
as appropriate.

We
have entered into an Employment Agreement with our Chief Executive Officer that sets forth the terms of his employment and provides
for certain benefits. The term of the agreement was extended to September 30
 2015. We do not currently have an employment agreement
in place with our Chief Financial Officer. We do not have any severance payment arrangements other than with the Chief Executive
Officer. We have agreed to reimburse travel expenses for the Chief Executive Officer and his family to return to their home country
upon the termination of the Chief Executive Officer&rsquo;s employment with us. In addition
 if the Chief Executive Officer is
terminated either with or without cause without 12 months&rsquo; notice
 he is entitled to be paid an amount equal to twelve months
of his base salary. We do not have any payment arrangements that would be triggered by a &ldquo;change in control&rdquo; of MBC.


    
    


Total
compensation for the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer consists of base salary
 annual cash bonus payments
health benefits for each such officer and his immediate dependent family members
 use of company vehicle
 vacation reimbursement
and
 with respect to the Chief Executive Officer only
 life insurance.

Elements
of Compensation

MBC
selected elements of compensation to provide incentives for its executive officers to relocate to the United States from India.
In so doing
 MBC reviewed the compensation packages of its executive officers at their prior positions in India
 so that comparable
packages could be provided. 

Base
Salary

The
Compensation Committee establishes executive officers&rsquo; base salaries on an annual basis. Given our stock performance and
financial situation
 there is currently no salary component directly tied to our stock price or to our financial performance.
Effective as of January 1
 2012
 the Compensation Committee increased the annual base salary of the Chief Executive Officer and
the Chief Financial Officer to $304
000 and $181
100 respectively. No adjustments have been made to such salaries during fiscal
2013.

Annual
Cash Bonus

The
compensation packages for the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer also contain a component providing for payment
of annual cash bonuses. Given MBC&rsquo;s past working capital constraints
 the Compensation Committee historically determined
that a percentage of the cash compensation of the executive officers would be in the form of annual cash bonuses that could be
disbursed following the completion of the applicable fiscal year. In the past few years. approximately 10% of the cash compensation
paid to each of the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer was paid in the form of a bonus rather than as salary.

Perquisites
and Personal Benefit

In
addition to salary and annual bonus
 the total compensation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer includes
perquisites and personal benefits. The types of perquisites and personal benefits awarded to such officers were determined when
each such officer commenced employment with us and are substantially of the same nature as the perquisites provided to such executive
officer by previous employers. The perquisites available to the executive officers consist of: use of company vehicles
 health
care reimbursement for the executive officer and his immediate family
 reimbursement of certain specified vacation expenses and
life insurance.

Equity
Plans

We
do not currently maintain any equity compensation plans for or provide any form of equity compensation to our executive officers.

Retirement
Plans

On
August 27
 2009
 we entered into a certain Separation and Severance Agreement (the &ldquo;Separation Agreement&rdquo;) with Mr.
Yashpal Singh
 our President and Chief Executive Officer.


    
    


Pursuant
to the terms of the Separation Agreement
 upon Mr. Singh&rsquo;s (i) termination of employment for Good Reason (as defined in
the Separation Agreement)
 (ii) termination of employment at the end of the employment term
 (iii) death
 (iv) disability or (v)
termination by us without Cause (as defined in the Separation Agreement)
 he shall be entitled to certain severance benefits and
payments. The severance payment shall equal the product of (x) 2.5 times his average monthly base salary (calculated over the
twelve (12) month period preceding the termination event)
 multiplied by (y) the number of years (on a pro rated basis) he had
been employed by the us at the Termination Date (as defined in the Separation Agreement); provided
 however
 that the severance
payment may not exceed thirty (30) months of Mr. Singh&rsquo;s average monthly base salary (calculated over the twelve (12) months
preceding his termination date). In addition
 we agreed to pay COBRA premiums for Mr. Singh and his spouse until the earlier of
(i) the effective date on which he obtains comparable health insurance from a subsequent employer or (ii) eighteen (18) months
following his Termination Date. Mr. Singh shall also be entitled to accrued salary
 vacation time and benefits as set forth in
Mr. Singh&rsquo;s employment agreement.

If
Mr. Singh&rsquo;s employment is terminated without Cause
 in addition to the severance payment described above
 he shall also
receive either (i) 365 days prior written notice or (ii) a lump sum payment equal to twelve (12) months of his base salary at
the rate in place at the Termination Date (the &ldquo;Notice Payment&rdquo;).

In
case of Mr. Singh&rsquo;s resignation without Good Reason
 he shall be entitled to accrued salary
 vacation time and benefits
set forth in his employment agreement but shall not be entitled to the severance payment or the Notice Payment.

If
Mr. Singh is terminated by us for Cause
 he shall be entitled to (i) accrued salary
 vacation time and benefits as set forth in
his employment agreement and (ii) if we do not provide Mr. Singh at least twelve (12) months prior notice
 the Notice Payment.
Mr. Singh shall not be entitled to the severance payment in case of termination by MBC for Cause.

Payments
due to Mr. Singh under the Separation Agreement shall be paid in equal installments by the Company over a 20 month period. The
receipt of payments is contingent on Mr. Singh executing a release of claims for the benefit of the Company.

For
purposes of illustrating the potential amounts payable to Mr. Singh under the Separation Agreement
 assuming a termination date
of December 31
 2013
 Mr. Singh would have received the following approximate amounts of compensation for the applicable triggering
event: termination by the Company for Cause - $304
000; completion of term of Employment Agreement - $760
100 plus COBRA payments;
termination due to disability or death - $760
100 plus COBRA payments; termination by Mr. Singh for Good Reason - $760
100 plus
COBRA payments; or termination by the Company without Cause - $1
064
100 plus COBRA payments.

Except
for the Employment Agreement and Separation Agreement with Mr. Singh
 MBC does not currently maintain any other retirement plans
nor provide any post-retirement benefits to any employee or executive officer.

The
Company does not currently have an employment agreement in place with its Chief Financial Officer
 but may enter into an employment
agreement with such executive officer in the future.

DIRECTORS&rsquo;
COMPENSATION FOR THE YEAR 2013

Dr.
Vijay Mallya
 Chairman of the Board
 is paid $120
000 per year by MBC for services rendered as Chairman
 and &pound;89
600 per
year (approximately $140
100 in United States dollars at the average exchange rate for the year 2013) by UBIUK for promoting our
products in the Foreign Territory outside the United Kingdom.

Effective
as of January 1
 2012
 the Board adopted a directors compensation plan ( the &ldquo;Directors&rsquo; Compensation Plan&rdquo;)
with respect to the compensation of Non-Employee (as defined therein) members of the Board for their services as directors. The
Directors&rsquo; Compensation Plan was subsequently approved by the shareholders in January 2013. Under the terms of the Directors&rsquo;
Compensation Plan
 each Non-Employee director receives a fixed annual retainer of $15
000 as well as additional fees of $1
250
per meeting of the Board and $1
250 per committee meeting attended. The chairs of the Compensation Committee and the Audit/Finance
Committee each receive $4
500 in fees for acting as chairpersons of such committees. In addition
 each Non-Employee Director on
January 1 of each calendar year during the five year period commencing January 1
 2012 and ending December 31
 2016 shall receive
an addition $2
000 per year.


    
    




    
Fees
    Earned 
    or Paid in Cash
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

Dr.
    Vijay Mallya
260
100
    
260
100

    
30
250
    
30
250

    
18
250
    
18
250

    
25
750
    
25
750

    
30
250
    
30
250

    
18
250
    
18
250




    
Fee
    for attending two Board meetings and five committee meetings calculated at $1
250 per meeting
 $15
000 fixed annual retainer
    $2
000 additional fixed retainer and $4
500 for acting as Chairman of Audit Committee. $22
875 of such fee was not paid in
    2013.

    
    

    
Fixed
    annual retainer of $15
000 and $2
000 additional fixed retainer and fee for attending one Board meeting calculated at $1
250
    per meeting. $13
250 of such fee was not paid in 2013.

    
    

    
Fee
    for attending two Board meeting and five committee meetings calculated at $1
250 per meeting
 $15
000 fixed annual retainer
    and $2
000 additional fixed retainer. $19
500 of such fee was not paid in 2013..

    
    

    
Fee
    for attending two Board meeting and five committee meetings calculated at $1
250 per meeting
 $15
000 fixed annual retainer
    $2
000 additional fixed retainer and $4
500 for acting as Chairman of Compensation Committee. $22
875 of such fee was not
    paid in 2013.

    
    

    
Fixed
    annual retainer of $15
000 and $2
000 additional fixed retainer and fee for attending one Board meeting calculated at $1
250
    per meeting. $15
500 of such fee was not paid in 2013.


COMPENSATION
COMMITTEE INTERLOCKS AND INSIDER PARTICIPATION 

Messrs.
Heldfond (Chair)
 Price and Laybourn served on MBC&rsquo;s Compensation Committee for the fiscal year ended December 31
 2012.
Mr. Laybourn served as MBC&rsquo;s President from inception in 1983 through December 1999 and its Chief Executive Officer from
inception until October 1997. No member of the Compensation Committee or executive officer of the Company has a relationship that
would constitute an interlocking relationship with executive officers or directors of another entity.

Compensation
Committee REPORT

The
Compensation Committee has reviewed and discussed with Management the Compensation Discussion and Analysis contained in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K. Based on the Compensation Committee&rsquo;s review of and discussions with Management with respect to the
Compensation Discussion and Analysis
 our Committee recommended to the Board of Directors that the Compensation Discussion and
Analysis be included in MBC&rsquo;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31
 2013.

The
Compensation Committee

Scott
R. Heldfond (
Kent
D. Price
Michael
Laybourn


    
    






The
following table sets forth certain information known to the Company regarding the beneficial ownership of MBC&rsquo;s Common Stock
and Series A Preferred Stock as of February 28
 2014
 for each shareholder known by us to own beneficially 5% or more of the outstanding
shares of our Common Stock or Series A Preferred Stock:



Security
    Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners

Name
    and Address
Amount
    and Nature
    of Beneficial
    Ownership (1)
Percent
    of Class

COMMON
    STOCK
    
    


 Inc. 
1050 Bridgeway
 
Sausalito
 CA 94965
3
087
818 (2 )
    

    
Hong Kong Bank Building 
6th Floor
 Samuel Lewis Avenue 
P O Box 6-4298
 El Dorado 
Panama City
 Panama
5
500
000
    

    
100/1
 Richmond Road
 
Bangalore - 560 025
 India
8
587
818
 (2)
(3 )
    

    
United Breweries of America
 Inc. 
1050 Bridgeway
 
Sausalito
 CA 94965
8
587
818 (4 )
    


(1)
Applicable percentages of ownership are based on 12
611
133 shares of Common Stock outstanding as of February 28
 2014.

(2)
Does not include 2
359
172 shares issuable to UBA upon conversion of certain convertible notes issued by MBC to UBA under a Master
Line of Credit Agreement (For additional information
 see &ldquo;Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions&rdquo;).
UBHL is the ultimate beneficiary of substantially all of the shares owned by both UBA and Inversiones.

(3)
Includes all shares held by our two largest shareholders
 UBA and Inversiones. UBHL is the beneficial owner of UBA and Inversiones
because they are both controlled by Rigby International Corp.
 a company registered in the British Virgin Island
 with primary
offices at Vanterpool Plaza
 2nd Floor
 Wickhams Cay 1
 Road Town
 Tortola
 British Virgin Island 2 and a mailing address c/o
CAS SA
 12-14 Avenue
 Riverdil
 CH-1260
 Lyon
 Switzerland
 (&ldquo;Rigby&rdquo;). Rigby is a wholly-owned subsidiary of UBHL.

(4)
Includes all shares indirectly held by UBHL. Does not include 2
359
172 shares issuable to UBA upon conversion of certain convertible
notes issued by MBC to UBA described in footnote (2) above. Dr. Mallya disclaims beneficial ownership of the reported securities
except to the extent of his pecuniary interest therein.

The
following table sets forth certain information known to the Company regarding the beneficial ownership of MBC&rsquo;s Common Stock
and Series A Preferred Stock as of February 28
 2014
 for each director
 each executive officer
 and all directors and executive
officers of MBC as a group. Except as otherwise noted
 we believe that the beneficial owners of the Common Stock and Series A
Preferred Stock listed below
 based on information furnished by such owners
 have sole investment and voting power with respect
to such shares
 subject to community property laws where applicable.


    
    




Security
    Ownership of Management

COMMON
    STOCK
Amount
    and Nature
    of Beneficial
    Ownership
Percent
    of 
    Class (1)

    
8
587
818 (2)
    

    
492
221
    

    
428
401
    

    
332
110
    

    
290
530
    

    
    
    

    
257
275
    

    
    
    

    
10
388
355
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
6
100
    

    
6
100
    


*Amount
represents less than 1% of the outstanding securities of the class.

(1)
Applicable percentages of ownership are based on (i) 12
611
133 shares of Common Stock outstanding as of February 28
 2014 and
(ii) 227
600 shares of Series A Preferred Stock outstanding as of February 28
 2014.

(2)
Includes all shares indirectly held by UBHL. Does not include 2
359
172 shares issuable to UBA upon conversion of certain convertible
notes issued by MBC to UBA described in footnote (2) of Table 1 above. Dr. Mallya disclaims beneficial ownership of the reported
securities except to the extent of his pecuniary interest therein.

(3)
Shares are held by a revocable trust for the benefit of Mr. Palamand&rsquo;s immediate family and lineal descendants. Mr. Palamand
serves as the trustee of the trust.

CHANGES
IN CONTROL

There
are no arrangements currently known to us which may result in a change in control of our Company at a future date.

ITEM
CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS
 AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE.

Since
the beginning of fiscal year 2012
 we were a participant in the following transactions in which (i) the amount involved exceeded
the lesser of (A) $120
000
 or (B) one percent of the average of our total assets at year end for the last two completed fiscal
years and (ii) a related person had or will have a direct or indirect material interest:

UBA
Line of Credit

On
August 31
 1999
 MBC and UBA
 one of our principal shareholders
 entered into a Master Line of Credit Agreement
 which was subsequently
amended in April 2000 and February 2001 (the &ldquo;Credit Agreement&rdquo;). The terms of the Credit Agreement provide us with
a line of credit in a principal amount of up to $1
600
000. We have executed an Extension of Term of Notes under the Master Line
of Credit Agreement (the &ldquo;Extension Agreement&rdquo;) with UBA. The UBA Notes have been extended until June 2012 with automatic
renewals after such maturity date for successive one year terms
 provided that either the Company or UBA may elect not to extend
the term upon written notice given to the other party no more than 60 days and no fewer than 30 days prior to the expiration of
such term. No notice of election not to extend the term was received prior to the expiration of the period ending June 30
 2013
so the current term has been extended until June 30
 2014.


    
    


We
have issued thirteen (13) promissory notes to UBA pursuant to the Credit Agreement between the Company and UBA and one note on
substantially similar terms to UBA
 but unrelated to the Credit Agreement
 between September 1999 and March 2005. On December
28
 2001
 we entered into a Confirmation of Waiver with UBA which confirmed that as of August 13
 2001
 UBA waived its rights
with regard to the conversion rate protection set forth in the UBA Notes then outstanding. Such waiver does not apply to the single
note issued to UBA on March 2
 2005 that was not related to the Credit Agreement. The aggregate outstanding principal amount of
the UBA Notes as of December 31
 2013 was $1
915
400
 and the accrued but unpaid interest thereon was equal to approximately $1
582
500
for a total amount due of $3
497
900.

The
outstanding principal amount of the notes and the unpaid interest thereon may be converted
 at UBA&rsquo;s discretion
 into shares
of our unregistered Common Stock at a conversion rate of $1.50 per share for the notes issued pursuant to the Credit Agreement
and $1.44 for the note issued on March 2
 2005. As of December 31
 2013
 the outstanding principal and interest on the UBA Notes
was convertible into 2
349
283 shares of our Common Stock.

As
of February 28
 2014
 the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the UBA Notes was $1
915
400
 and the accrued but unpaid interest
thereon was equal to approximately $1
597
300. As of February 28
 2014
 the entire amount of the outstanding principal and accrued
but unpaid interest owed with respect to the UBA Notes was convertible into 2
359
172 shares of our Common Stock. As of February
28
 2014
 UBA beneficially owns approximately 24.5% of our outstanding Common Stock (excluding any shares issuable upon the conversion
of the notes issued to UBA). Our Chairman
 Dr. Vijay Mallya
 is also the Chairman of the board of directors of UBA. During each
of fiscal years 2013 and 2012
 the largest aggregate amount of principal outstanding was $1
915
400. No principal or interest
was paid during fiscal year 2013 or 2012.

License
Agreement

In
July 2001
 we entered into a Kingfisher Trademark and Trade Name License Agreement with Kingfisher America
 Inc.
 a Delaware corporation
affiliated with UB Limited
 pursuant to which we obtained a royalty-free
 exclusive license to use the Kingfisher trademark and
trade name in connection with the brewing and distribution of beer in the United States. This agreement will remain in effect
for as long as the Distribution Agreement (described below) between UBIUK and KBEL remains in effect. The Distribution Agreement
is scheduled to expire in October 2018 but
 pursuant to its amended terms
 will no longer provide brewing and distribution rights
in the United States. The Company plans to negotiate arrangements to continue to brew and distribute beer using the Kingfisher
trademark. If the Company cannot obtain the right to brew and distribute beer using the Kingfisher trademark on commercially reasonable
terms
 our results of operations
 cash flows and financial position may be materially adversely affected.

Because
our Chairman of the Board
 Dr. Vijay Mallya
 is also the Chairman of the board of directors of UB Limited
 the transactions represented
by this license agreement may be deemed to be related party transactions.

The
dollar value of the license agreement cannot be accurately estimated.

Shepherd
Neame
 Ltd.

As
described more fully below
 our principal European subsidiary
 KBEL
 was a party to a Brewing Agreement and a Loan Agreement with
Shepherd Neame
 both of which expired in October 2013. Shepherd Neame and the Company may be deemed to be related parties with
respect to the Brewing Agreement and the Loan Agreement because Mr. R.H.B. Neame (the Chairman of the board of directors of Shepherd
Neame) was also our director at the time when the Brewing Agreement and the Loan Agreement were entered into and when the Brewing
Agreement was subsequently amended. Further
 Mr. David Townshend (a senior Shepherd Neame employee) was serving as the President
of KBEL (pursuant to an agreement between KBEL and Shepherd Neame) and was also our director at the time when the Brewing Agreement
and the Loan Agreement were entered into and when the Brewing Agreement was subsequently amended.


    
    


Brewing
Agreement

On
October 9
 1998
 UBIUK and KBEL originally entered into a Brewing Agreement with Shepherd Neame
 and on October 24
 2001
 this
agreement was amended by a Supplemental Agreement (together
 the &ldquo;SN Brewing Agreement&rdquo;).

The
SN Brewing Agreement
 which was entered into (and amended) in conjunction with the Loan Agreement described below
 granted to
Shepherd Neame the exclusive right to brew
 keg
 bottle
 can
 label
 and package all beers and related products sold under the
Kingfisher trademark in the United Kingdom
 and distribute such products elsewhere in the Foreign Territory. UBIUK and KBEL further
agreed that they would require any other distributor of such products (subject to applicable laws and regulations) to obtain such
products directly from a company related to UBIUK or our subsidiaries and to refrain from seeking customers
 or establishing a
distribution network for such products
 in the United Kingdom. In exchange
 Shepherd Neame agreed to brew and/or supply Kingfisher
Premium Lager and related products to KBEL for destinations within (and
 with the consent of Shepherd Neame
 outside) the United
Kingdom. The price KBEL paid to Shepherd Neame for brewing Kingfisher Premium Lager for distribution in the United Kingdom was
set by a formula which varied according to the applicable duty on Kingfisher Premium Lager and other factors. Purchases from Shepherd
Neame by KBEL equaled approximately $11
367
700 and $16
192
200 during the years 2013 and 2012 at the average exchange rate in
effect during 2013 and 2012 respectively. Our SN Brewing Agreement with Shepherd Neame expired in October 2013.

The
dollar value of the SN Brewing Agreement could not be accurately estimated.

Loan
Agreement

Concurrently
with the Brewing Agreement described above
 KBEL and Shepherd Neame entered into a Loan Agreement
 under which on or about October
24
 2001
 Shepherd Neame advanced to KBEL &pound;600
000 (the full amount available under the Loan Agreement)
 at a fixed interest
rate of 5%
 for general corporate purposes. This loan was paid in ten annual installments of &pound;60
000 each
 commencing on
June 30
 2003 and ending on June 2012
 and was fully paid.

Distribution
Agreement

UBIUK
entered into a Distribution Agreement with its wholly-owned subsidiary KBEL on October 9
 1998. Under this agreement
 which was
subsequently amended by a Supplemental Agreement dated as of October 24
 2001 and a deed of variation dated March 11
 2013 and
effective October 9
 2013 (together
 the &ldquo;Distribution Agreement&rdquo;)
 UBIUK granted KBEL an exclusive sublicense for
the distribution of all lager and other beer products brewed or prepared for sale in the Foreign Territory
 and a sublicense to
use the Kingfisher trademark and trade name
 to manufacture
 package
 market
 distribute
 and sell beer and other products using
the Kingfisher trademark and logo
 and to enter into a Brewing License Agreement described below. The Distribution Agreement
which also requires KBEL to pay UBIUK a royalty fee of 50 British pence (approximately $0.80 at the average exchange rates in
effect during fiscal year 2013) for every 100 liters (26 gallons) of beer brewed for sale in the Foreign Territory
 will expire
with respect to the Foreign Territory sublicense
 in October 2018. The royalty due to UBIUK for the year 2013 was approximately
$57
900 and for the year 2012 was approximately $61
700.

Brewing
License Agreement

Effective
October 26
 2001
 MBC entered into a Brewing License Agreement with KBEL
 under the terms of which KBEL granted us an exclusive
license to brew and distribute Kingfisher Premium Lager
 in exchange for a royalty
 payable to KBEL
 of eighty cents ($0.80) for
each case of Kingfisher Premium Lager sold by us under this agreement. The Brewing License Agreement expires pursuant to its terms
in October 2018. Pursuant to a deed of variation
 after October 9
 2013
 royalty payable to KBEL was reduced to $0.56 per US barrel.
The royalty due to KBEL pursuant to the Brewing License Agreement for the year 2013 was approximately $97
400 and for the year
2012 was approximately $134
000.


    
    


Market
Development Agreement

Concurrently
with the Brewing Licenses Agreement described above
 MBC and KBEL entered into a Market Development
 General and Administrative
Services Agreement (the &ldquo;Market Development Agreement&rdquo;)
 under the terms of which KBEL engaged MBC to perform a variety
of advertising
 promotional
 and other market development activities in the United States in connection with Kingfisher beer and
related consumer products (the &ldquo;MDA Products&rdquo;)
 provide certain legal and business management support services to
KBEL
 and provide assistance with the establishment and management of distribution channels for the MDA Products in the United
States. In consideration for the services received under this agreement
 KBEL agreed to pay service fees to MBC amounting in the
aggregate to $1
500
000 over the period from 2001 through 2003. Such payments have been made in full and no additional payments
are anticipated to be made in the future. The Market Development Agreement expired pursuant to its terms in 2013.

Brewing
Agreement

On
April 18
 2013
 KBEL and UBIUK entered into a Contract Brewing and Distribution Agreement (the &ldquo;Brewing Agreement&rdquo;)
with HUK. Affiliates of HUK are significant shareholders of UB Limited. In addition
 UB Limited has arrangements with affiliates
of HUK pursuant to which UB Limited brews Heineken beer for the Indian market. The Chairman of the board of directors of the Company
Dr. Vijay Mallya
 is also the Chairman of the board of directors of UB Limited.

Commencing
October 9
 2013
 the Brewing Agreement granted HUK the exclusive right to manufacture
 package and supply Kingfisher beer for
sale in the United Kingdom and to manufacture and package Kingfisher beer for export by KBEL to Europe (excluding Germany) for
a period of five years whereupon the Brewing Agreement will automatically terminate. In addition
 under the Brewing Agreement
in exchange for royalty payments to KBEL
 HUK received the right to be the sole and exclusive reseller of the Product (as defined
in the Brewing Agreement) to certain customers. If HUK fails to sell a specified amount to such customers
 KBEL will be entitled
to withdraw such exclusivity upon the terms provided in the Brewing Agreement. KBEL will continue to sell the Product purchased
from HUK to certain wholesale and on trade customers in the United Kingdom. HUK is entitled to terminate the Brewing Agreement
on thirty days&rsquo; notice upon a change of control of KBEL
 or immediately upon the occurrence
 and failure to rectify within
30 days
 of an Event of Default or Potential Event of Default (as such terms are defined in the HUK Loan Agreement
 described
below). KBEL purchased beer from HUK for an amount of $3
006
100 in 2013. Royalty fees receivable from HUK in 2013 were $9
600.

HUK
Loan Agreement

On
April 18
 2013
 KBEL entered into a loan agreement with HUK pursuant to which HUK provided KBEL with a secured term loan facility
of &pound;1
000
000 on October 9
 2013. The loan has to be repaid in twelve equal quarterly installments commencing from January
9
 2014. Interest on the loan will accrue from day to day and is calculated on the basis of the actual number of days elapsed
and a year of 365 days. Such interest is payable quarterly in arrears on the outstanding balance of the loan at the rate of 5%
above the Bank of England base rate. Prepayment is permitted. Upon an Event of Default
 as defined in the loan agreement
 if HUK
and KBEL fail to agree on a payment plan acceptable to HUK
 HUK may
 among other remedies
 declare the loan immediately due and
repayable or exercise its right to an exclusive license pursuant to the Sub-Licence Agreement described and defined below. The
largest amount of principal outstanding under the loan agreement in 2013 was &pound;1
000
000. The amount of principal outstanding
as of March 27
 2014 was &pound;9
016
700. No principal or interest was paid in 2013.

Sub-Licence
Agreement

On
April 18
 2013
 HUK
 UBIUK
 KBEL and UB Limited entered into that certain Heineken Sub-Licence Agreement (the &ldquo;Sub-Licence
Agreement&rdquo;) pursuant to which HUK has the option
 exercisable upon a default or breach by KBEL under the Brewing Agreement
or the loan agreement with HUK described above or a change of control or bankruptcy of KBEL
 to acquire an exclusive license from
UBIUK to produce
 market and sell Kingfisher beer in the United Kingdom. Such license would expire on the earlier of the date
certain debts (the &ldquo;Debt&rdquo;) between HUK and KBEL are settled
 and October 9
 2018. As consideration for such license
HUK would reduce the Debt pursuant to the terms of the Sub-Licence Agreement. HUK may terminate the Sub-Licence Agreement upon
a material breach by UBIUK
 after notice and a thirty day cure period
 or
 immediately upon the termination of UBIUK&rsquo;s license
pursuant to its agreement with UB Limited. Upon termination of the Sub-Licence Agreement
 the Debt shall become immediately due
and payable. HUK&rsquo;s aggregate liability for breaches of the Sub-Licence Agreement is capped.


    
    


The
dollar value of the Sub-Licence Agreement cannot be accurately estimated.

MBC&rsquo;s
two largest shareholders are UBA
 which owns 24.5% of MBC&rsquo;s Common Stock
 and Inversiones
 which owns 43.6% of MBC&rsquo;s
Common Stock. UBHL is the ultimate beneficial owner of UBA and Inversiones because both UBA and Inversiones are controlled by
Rigby International Corp
 a wholly-owned subsidiary of UBHL.

MBC
received a letter dated November 11
 2013 from UBHL
 MBC&rsquo;s indirect majority shareholder
 dated November 11
 2013. The chairman
of MBC&rsquo;s Board
 Dr. Vijay Mallya
 is also the chairman of the board of directors of UBHL. In the letter
 UBHL sets forth
its understanding that its investment in MBC will allow MBC to reach certain goals. In light of such understanding
 UBHL is willing
to commit to invest $2
000
000 in MBC in four installments to be paid every six months over a two year period. The letter does
not state definitive terms for the proposed investment
 but states that UBHL would prefer to receive &ldquo;ordinary voting stock&rdquo;
as compensation for such investment. UBHL will consider additional investment based on a business plan to be provided by MBC.

On
January 22
 2014
 MBC issued a promissory note (the &ldquo;Catamaran Note&rdquo;) to Catamaran Services
 Inc.
 a Delaware corporation
(&ldquo;Catamaran&rdquo;) in the principal amount of $500
000. Catamaran Holdings
 Ltd.
 the sole shareholder of Catamaran
 has
directors in common with Inversiones
 one of the major shareholders of MBC. The indirect beneficial owner of Inversiones is UBHL.
Dr. Vijay Mallya
 the Chairman of the board of directors of the Company is also the Chairman of the board of directors of UBHL.

Pursuant
to the terms of the Catamaran Note
 MBC promises to pay the principal sum of $500
000 with accrued interest
 as described below
to Catamaran within six months following the date of the Catamaran Note
 subject to the receipt by MBC of an equity investment
by its majority shareholder (the &ldquo;Shareholder Investment&rdquo;) in an amount sufficient either (a) to pay the Catamaran
Note through Permitted Payments
 as defined below
 or (b) to pay both the Catamaran Note and certain existing obligations of MBC
to Cole Taylor pursuant to the Credit and Security Agreement dated as of June 23
 2011 (as amended
 modified or supplemented from
time to time) among MBC
 Releta
 and Cole Taylor (the &ldquo;Agreement&rdquo;) in full. &ldquo;Permitted Payments&rdquo; on the
Catamaran Note are payments made from the portion of a Shareholder Investment that is in excess of $500
000.

If
MBC is not able to satisfy its obligations on the Catamaran Note within six month following the date of the Catamaran Note
 the
Catamaran Note shall be automatically extended for additional six month terms. Interest shall accrue from the date of the Catamaran
Note on the unpaid principal at a rate equal to the lesser of (i) one and one-half percent (1.5%) per annum above the prime rate
offered from time to time by the Bank of America Corporation in San Francisco
 California
 or (ii) ten percent (10%) per annum
until the principal is fully paid.

The
Catamaran Note may be prepaid without penalty at the option of MBC; however
 no payments on the Catamaran Note may be made unless
such payment is a Permitted Payment or certain existing obligations of MBC to Cole Taylor pursuant to the Agreement have been
satisfied in full. The Catamaran Note may not be amended without the prior written consent of Cole Taylor.

No
interest has yet been paid on the Catamaran Note; the largest aggregate amount of principal outstanding under the Catamaran Note
as of March 27
 2014 was $500
000.

DIRECTOR
INDEPENDENCE

The
Board has determined that the following directors qualify as &ldquo;independent&rdquo; in accordance with the published listing
requirements of NASDAQ: Mr. Heldfond
 Mr. Laybourn
 Mr. Palamand
 Mr. Merchant and Mr. Price. Mr. Singh is not &ldquo;independent&rdquo;
because he is an employee of MBC. Dr. Mallya is not independent since he has received payments in excess of the applicable threshold
from the Company during the last three (3) years. Prior to 2007
 Mr. Merchant provided certain consulting services to the Company
however
 given the timing and nature of such services as well as the amount of compensation provided in relation thereto
 the
Board has determined that Mr. Merchant meets the criteria for being an &ldquo;independent director&rdquo;.


    
    


The
NASDAQ rules contain both objective tests and a subjective test for determining who is an &ldquo;independent director.&rdquo;
The objective tests provide that a director is not considered independent if he (i) is an employee of the Company (or a parent
or subsidiary) (or has been in the past three (3) years); (ii) has accepted (or a family member has accepted) compensation from
the Company in excess of $120
000 during any period of twelve (12) consecutive months within the preceding three (3) year period
(subject to certain exceptions); (iii) has a family member that was employed as an executive officer of the Company (or a parent
or subsidiary) during the past three (3) years; (iv) is (or a family member is) a controlling shareholder or an executive officer
of an organization to which the Company made or received payments in the current year or at any time during the past three (3)
years that exceed the greater of (a) five percent (5%) of the recipient&rsquo;s consolidated gross revenues or (b) $200
000 for
that year; (v) is (or has a family member who is) employed as an executive officer of another entity where at anytime during the
past three (3) years any of the executive officers of the Company serve on the compensation committee of such other entity; or
(vi) is (or has a family member who is) a current partner of the Company&rsquo;s outside auditor who worked on the Company&rsquo;s
audit at anytime during any of the past three (3) years. The subjective test is based on the standard that an independent director
must be a person who lacks a relationship that
 in the opinion of the Board
 would interfere with the exercise of independent
judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director.

Please
see additional disclosure set forth under the heading &ldquo;Board of Directors&rsquo; and Committee Meetings&rdquo; above.

The
Board of Directors does not have a nominating committee or a committee performing similar functions. Instead
 all of the Directors
participate in the director nomination process. As discussed above
 Mr. Singh and Dr. Mallya are not &ldquo;independent&rdquo;
directors under the NASDAQ standards for independence.

COMPANY
RELATIONSHIPS

UBA
and Inversiones own 24.5% and 43.6% of the outstanding shares of our Common Stock
 respectively
 as of February 28
 2014. UBA
has also advanced us the principal amount of $1
915
400 under separate convertible notes. As of February 28
 2014 the principal
amount outstanding on the notes together with the accrued interest was convertible into 2
359
172 shares of our Common Stock.
Because UBHL is the ultimate parent of both UBA and Inversiones
 UBHL is the ultimate beneficiary of 68.1% the shares of our Common
Stock. Refer to &ldquo;Item 12 - Security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management and related stockholder matters&rdquo;
above.

ITEM
14.

The
Company has appointed RBSM
 LLP (&ldquo;RBSM&rdquo;)
 as our independent auditors to perform the audit of our financial statements
for the year 2013 and the year 2012.

PMB
Helin Donovan
 L.L.P. (&ldquo;PMB&rdquo;)
 our previously appointed independent auditors
 performed the audit of our financial
statements for the year 2011.

AUDIT
FEES. The aggregate fees billed by RBSM during the year 2013 for the audit of our annual consolidated financial statements was
$75
000 and of an additional $36
000 were billed to us during 2013 in connection with RBSM&rsquo;s review of interim financial
statements in connection with our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for that year. The fees described in this paragraph represented
approximately 88% of the total fees for services billed to us by RBSM during 2012.

The
aggregate fees billed by PMB during the year 2012 for the audit of our annual consolidated financial statements was $97
000; fees
of an additional $45
000 were billed to us during 2012 in connection with PMB&rsquo;s review of interim financial statements in
connection with our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for 2011. The fees described in this paragraph represented approximately 89%
of the total fees for services billed to us by PMB during 2012.

AUDIT
RELATED FEES. Neither RBSM nor PMB billed us any amount in fees for assurance or related services in 2013 or 2012.

TAX
FEES. The aggregate fees billed by RBSM during 2013 for tax products and services related to the preparation of our tax returns
other than those described in the foregoing paragraphs
 was $14
500. Such fees represented approximately 12% of the total fees
for services rendered to us by RBSM during 2013.


    
    


The
aggregate fees billed by PMB during 2012 for tax products and services related to the preparation of our tax returns other than
those described in the foregoing paragraphs
 was $17
500. Such fees represented approximately 11% of the total fees for services
rendered to us by PMB during 2012.

ALL
OTHER FEES. RBSM did not bill us for any amount towards fees for services other than those mentioned above during the years 2013
and 2012.

PMB
billed us $13
100 related to review of audit for the year 2012 and issuance of opinion for the audit of financial statements for
the year 2011.
&nbsp;

All
audit and other services performed by RBSM and PMB on our behalf are approved in advance by our Audit Committee.

All
of the work done during the course of the audit of our 2013 Financial Statements was performed by full-time
 permanent employees
of RBSM.

ITEM
15.



    
DOCUMENTS
    FILED AS PART OF THIS REPORT. The following documents are filed as part of this Report:




    
    
Audited
    financial statements and financial statement schedules 


Report of
RBSM
 LLP
 Independent Registered Auditors

Consolidated
Balance Sheets as of December 31
 2013 and 2012

Consolidated
Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the Years Ended December 31
 2013 and 2012

Consolidated
Statements of Stockholders&rsquo; Equity for the Years Ended December 31
 2013 and 2012

Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flow for the Years Ended December 31
 2013 and 2012

Notes to
Financial Statements



    
    
FINANCIAL
    STATEMENT SCHEDULES. The financial statement schedules required to be filed by Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K are
    listed above. All other financial statement schedules are omitted because they were not required or the required information
    is included in the Financial Statements or Notes thereto.

    
    
    

    
    
LIST
    OF EXHIBITS.




    
    
    
    
Description
    of Document

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
Articles
    of Incorporation of Mendocino Brewing Company
 Inc. as amended.

    
    
    
    
Bylaws
    of Mendocino Brewing Company
 Inc.
 as amended.

    
    
    
    
[Intentionally
    omitted]

    
    
    
    
[Intentionally
    omitted]

    
    
    
    
Wholesale
    Distribution Agreement between Mendocino Brewing Company
 Inc. and Bay Area Distributing.

    
    
    
    
[Intentionally
    omitted]



    
    




    
    
    
    
Liquid
    Sediment Removal Services Agreement with Cold Creek Compost
 Inc.

    
    
    
    
[Intentionally
    omitted]

    
    
    
    
Commercial
    Real Estate Purchase Contract and Receipt for Deposit (previously filed as Exhibit 19.2).

    
    
    
    
Commercial
    Lease between Stewart&rsquo;s Ice Cream Company
 Inc. and Releta Brewing Company LLC.

    
    
    
    
[Intentionally
    omitted]

    
    
    
    
Keg
    Management Agreement with MicroStar Keg Management LLC.

    
    
    
    
Agreement
    to Implement Condition of Approval No. 37 of the Site Development Permit 95-19 with the City of Ukiah
 California (previously
    filed as Exhibit19.6).

    
    
    
    
[Intentionally
    omitted]

    
    
    
    
[Intentionally
    omitted]

    
    
    
    
[Intentionally
    omitted]

    
    
    
    
Hazardous
    Substances Certificate and Indemnity with the Savings Bank of Mendocino County.

    
    
    
    
[Intentionally
    omitted]

    
    
    
    
[Intentionally
    omitted]

    
    
    
    
[Intentionally
    omitted]

    
    
    
    
Investment
    Agreement with United Breweries of America
 Inc.

    
    
    
    
[Intentionally
    omitted]

    
    
    
    
Registration
    Rights Agreement Among Mendocino Brewing Company
 Inc.
 United Breweries of America
 Inc.
 H. Michael Laybourn
 Norman Franks
    Michael Lovett
 John Scahill
 and Don Barkley.

    
    
    
    
Indemnification
    Agreement with Vijay Mallya.

    
    
    
    
Indemnification
    Agreement with Michael Laybourn.

    
    
    
    
Indemnification
    Agreement with Jerome Merchant.

    
    
    
    
Indemnification
    Agreement with Yashpal Singh.

    
    
    
    
Indemnification
    Agreement with Robert Neame.

    
    
    
    
Indemnification
    Agreement with Sury Rao Palamand.

    
    
    
    
Indemnification
    Agreement with Kent Price.

    
    
    
    
[Intentionally
    omitted]

    
    
    
    
[Intentionally
    omitted]

    
    
    
    
[Intentionally
    omitted]

    
    
    
    
[Intentionally
    omitted]

    
    
    
    
Master
    Line of Credit Agreement between Mendocino Brewing Company
 Inc. and United Breweries of America Inc. dated August 31
 1999.

    
    
    
    
Convertible
    Note in favor of United Breweries of America Inc. dated Sept. 7
 1999.

    
    
    
    
Convertible
    Note in favor of United Breweries of America Inc. dated October 21
 1999.

    
    
    
    
Convertible
    Note in favor of United Breweries of America Inc. dated November 12
 1999.

    
    
    
    
Convertible
    Note in favor of United Breweries of America Inc. dated December 17
 1999.

    
    
    
    
Convertible
    Note in favor of United Breweries of America Inc. dated December 31
 1999.

    
    
    
    
Convertible
    Note in favor of United Breweries of America Inc. dated February 16
 2000.

    
    
    
    
Convertible
    Note in favor of United Breweries of America Inc. dated February 17
 2000.

    
    
    
    
Convertible
    Note in favor of United Breweries of America Inc. dated April 28
 2000.



    
    




    
    
    
    
First
    Amendment to Master Line of Credit Agreement between Mendocino Brewing Company
 Inc. and United Breweries of America
 Inc.
    dated April 28
 2000.

    
    
    
    
Convertible
    Note in favor of United Breweries of America Inc. dated September 11
 2000.

    
    
    
    
Convertible
    Note in favor of United Breweries of America Inc. dated September 30
 2000.

    
    
    
    
Convertible
    Note in favor of United Breweries of America Inc. dated December 31
 2000.

    
    
    
    
Convertible
    Note in favor of United Breweries of America Inc. dated February 12
 2001.

    
    
    
    
Convertible
    Note in favor of United Breweries of America Inc. dated July 1
 2001.

    
    
    
    
Confirmation
    of Waiver Between Mendocino Brewing Company
 Inc. and United Breweries of America
 Inc.
 dated as of December 28
 2001.

    
    
    
    
Extension
    of Term of Notes Under Master Line of Credit Agreement between Mendocino Brewing Company
 Inc. and United Breweries of America
    Inc.
 dated February 14
 2002.

    
    
    
    
License
    Agreement between United Breweries Limited and United Breweries International (U.K.)
 Limited.

    
    
    
    
Supplemental
    Agreement to License Agreement between United Breweries Limited and United Breweries International (U.K.)
 Limited.

    
    
    
    
Distribution
    Agreement between United Breweries International (U.K.)
 Limited. and KBEL
 Ltd.

    
    
    
    
Supplemental
    Agreement to Distribution Agreement between United Breweries International (U.K.)
 Limited and KBEL
 Ltd.

    
    
    
    
Market
    Development
 General and Administrative Services Agreement between Mendocino Brewing Company
 Inc. and KBEL
 Ltd.

    
    
    
    
Contract
    to Brew and Supply Kingfisher Products among Shepherd Neame
 Limited
 United Breweries International (U.K.)
 Limited. and
    KBEL
 Ltd.

    
    
    
    
Supplemental
    Agreement to Contract to Brew and Supply Kingfisher Products among Shepherd Neame
 Limited
 United Breweries International
    (U.K.)
 Limited and KBEL
 Ltd.

    
    
    
    
Loan
    Agreement between Shepherd Neame
 Limited and KBEL
 Ltd.

    
    
    
    
Brewing
    License Agreement between KBEL
 Ltd. and Mendocino Brewing Company
 Inc.

    
    
    
    
Kingfisher
    Trade Mark and Trade Name License Agreement between Kingfisher of America
 Inc. and Mendocino Brewing Company
 Inc.

    
    
    
    
First
    Amendment to Extension of Term of Notes Under Master Line of Credit Agreement between Mendocino Brewing Company
 Inc. and
    United Breweries of America
 Inc.
 dated November 13
 2002.

    
    
    
    
Second
    Amendment to Extension of Term of Notes Under Master Line of Credit Agreement between Mendocino Brewing Company
 Inc. and
    United Breweries of America
 Inc.
 dated March 31
 2003.

    
    
    
    
[Intentionally
    omitted]

    
    
    
    
[Intentionally
    omitted]

    
    
    
    
Third
    Amendment to Extension of Term of Notes under Master Line of Credit Agreement
 dated August 14
 2003.

    
    
    
    
[Intentionally
    omitted]

    
    
    
    
[Intentionally
    omitted]

    
    
    
    
Second
    Agreement dated October 9
 1998 between KBEL
 Ltd. and Shepherd Neame
 Ltd.

    
    
    
    
[Intentionally
    omitted]



    
    




    
    
    
    
[Intentionally
    omitted]

    
    
    
    
[Intentionally
    omitted]

    
    
    
    
Convertible
    Promissory Note of Mendocino Brewing Company
 Inc. in favor of United Breweries of America
 Inc.
 dated March 2
 2005.

    
    
    
    
[Intentionally
    omitted]

    
    
    
    
Invoice
    Discounting Agreement between The Royal Bank of Scotland Commercial Services Limited and KBEL Limited
 dated April 26
 2005.

    
    
    
    
[Intentionally
    omitted]

    
    
    
    
[Intentionally
    omitted]

    
    
    
    
[Intentionally
    omitted]

    
    
    
    
[Intentionally
    omitted]

    
    
    
    
[Intentionally
    omitted]

    
    
    
    
[Intentionally
    omitted]

    
    
    
    
[Intentionally
    omitted]

    
    
    
    
[Intentionally
    omitted].

    
    
    
    
[Intentionally
    omitted]

    
    
    
    
Fifth
    Amendment to Extension of Term of Notes Under Master Line of Credit Agreement
 effective August 31
 2005.

    
    
    
    
Sixth
    Amendment to Extension of Term of Notes under Master Line of Credit Agreement
 effective December 31
 2006.

    
    
    
    
Second
    Amendment to Convertible Promissory Note
 effective December 31
 2006.

    
    
    
    
Seventh
    Amendment to Extension of Term of Notes under Master Line of Credit Agreement effective June 30
 2007.

    
    
    
    
Third
    Amendment to Convertible Promissory Note
 effective June 30
 2007.

    
    
    
    
Employment
    Agreement of Yashpal Singh (Management Contract).

    
    
    
    
Eighth
    Amendment to Extension of Term of Notes under Master Line of Credit Agreement
 effective June 30
 2008.

    
    
    
    
Fourth
    Amendment to Convertible Promissory Note
 effective June 30
 2008.

    
    
    
    
Directors&rsquo;
    Compensation Plan
 as amended (Management Contract).

    
    
    
    
Ninth
    Amendment to Extension of Term Notes under Master Line of Credit effective June 30
 2009.

    
    
    
    
Fifth
    Amendment to Convertible Promissory Notes
 effective June 30
 2009

    
    
    
    
Separation
    and Severance Agreement by and between the Company and Yashpal Singh
 effective August 27
 2009 (Management Contract).

    
    
    
    
Keg
    Management Agreement by and between MicroStar Keg Management
 LLC and the Company effective September 1
 2009

    
    
    
    
Commercial
    Lease dated August 1
 2009 between Stewart&rsquo;s Shop Corp. and Releta Brewing Company LLC.

    
    
    
    
Tenth
    Amendment to Extension of Term Notes under Master Line of Credit Agreement
 effective June 30
 2010.

    
    
    
    
Sixth
    Amendment to Convertible Promissory Notes
 effective June 30
 2010.

    
    
    
    
Employment
    Agreement with Damon Swarbrick (Management Contract).

    
    
    
    
[Intentionally
    omitted]

    
    
    
    
[Intentionally
    omitted]

    
    
    
    
[Intentionally
    omitted]

    
    
    
    
Credit
    and Security Agreement dated as of June 23
 2011 between Cole Taylor Bank
 Mendocino Brewing Company
 Inc. and Releta Brewing
    Company
 LLC. 

    
    
    
    
Seventh
    Amendment to Convertible Promissory Note effective June 30
 2011.

    
    
    
    
Eleventh
    Amendment to Extension of Term of Notes under Master Line of Credit Agreement effective June 30
 2011.



    
    




    
    
    
    
Amended
    and Restated Directors&rsquo; Compensation Plan (Management Contract).

    
    
    
    
Letter
    of Support issued on behalf of Kingfisher Beer Europe Limited by United Breweries (Holdings) Limited
 dated March 2
 2012.

    
    
    
    
Amended
    and Restated Directors&rsquo; Compensation Plan (Management Contract).

    
    
    
    
Letter
    of Support issued on behalf of Kingfisher Beer Europe Limited by United Breweries (Holdings) Limited
 dated March 22
 2013.

    
    
    
    
Code
    of Ethics

    
    
    
    
Subsidiaries
    of the Registrant

    
    
    
    
Certification
    of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a).

    
    
    
    
Certification
    of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a).

    
    
    
    
Certification
    of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to U.S.C. 1350.

    
    
    
    
Certification
    of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to U.S.C. 1350.

    
    
    
    
XBRL
    Instance Document

    
    
    
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Schema Document

    
    
    
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document

    
    
    
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document

    
    
    
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document

    
    
    
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document

    
    
    
    
Amendment
    dated as of March 11
 2013 to that certain License Agreement dated as of October 8
 1998 between United Breweries International
    (UK) Limited and United Breweries Limited (previously filed as Exhibit 10.1).

    
    
    
    
Amendment
    dated as of March 11
 2013 to that certain Distribution Agreement dated as of October 9
 1998 between United Breweries International
    (UK) Limited and Kingfisher Beer Europe Limited (previously filed as Exhibit 10.2).

    
    
    
    
Amendment
    dated as of March 11
 2013 to that certain Brewing License Agreement dated as of October 26
 2001 between Mendocino Brewing
    Company
 Inc. and Kingfisher Beer Europe Limited (previously filed as Exhibit 10.3).

    
    
    
    
Contract
    Brewing and Distribution Agreement between Heineken UK Limited and Kingfisher Beer Europe Limited
 dated April 18
 2013.&dagger;
    

    
    
    
    
Heineken
    Sub-License Agreement by and among Heineken UK Limited
 United Breweries International (UK) Limited
 Kingfisher Beer Europe
    Limited
 and United Breweries Limited
 dated April 18
 2013.&dagger; 

    
    
    
    
Loan
    Agreement between Heineken UK Limited and Kingfisher Beer Europe Limited
 dated April 18
 2013.&dagger; 


&dagger;

under Rule 24b-2 as promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.

:
Each Exhibit listed above that is annotated with one or more of the following letters is incorporated by reference from the following
sources:



    
    
MBC&rsquo;s
    Registration Statement dated June 15
 1994
 as amended
 previously filed with the Commission
 Registration No. 33-78390-LA.

    
    
MBC&rsquo;s
    Annual Report on Form 10-KSB for the period ended December 31
 1995.

    
    
MBC&rsquo;s
    Quarterly Report on Form 10-QSB for the period ended March 31
 1995.

    
    
MBC&rsquo;s
    Quarterly Report on Form 10-QSB/A No. 1 for the period ended September 30
 1997.

    
    
MBC&rsquo;s
    Annual Report on Form 10-KSB for the period ended December 31
 1996.

    
    
MBC&rsquo;s
    Quarterly Report on Form 10-QSB for the period ended September 30
 1995.

    
    
MBC&rsquo;s
    Annual Report on Form 10-KSB for the period ended December 31
 1997.



    
    




    
    
Schedule
    13D filed November 3
 1997
 by United Breweries of America
 Inc. and Vijay Mallya.

    
    
MBC&rsquo;s
    Quarterly Report on Form 10-QSB for the period ended June 30
 1998.

    
    
Amendment
    No. 5 to Schedule 13D filed September 15
 1999
 by United Breweries of America
 Inc. and Vijay Mallya.

    
    
Amendment
    No. 6 to Schedule 13D filed May 12
 2000
 by United Breweries of America
 Inc. and Vijay Mallya.

    
    
Amendment
    No. 7 to Schedule 13D filed February 22
 2001
 by United Breweries of America
 Inc. and Vijay Mallya.

    
    
Amendment
    No. 8 to Schedule 13D filed August 22
 2001
 by United Breweries of America
 Inc. and Vijay Mallya.

    
    
MBC&rsquo;s
    Current Report on Form 8-K filed as of February 19
 2002.

    
    
MBC&rsquo;s
    Annual Report on Form 10-KSB for the period ended December 31
 2001.

    
    
Amendment
    No. 9 to Schedule 13D filed March 31
 2003
 by United Breweries of America
 Inc. and Vijay Mallya.

    
    
MBC&rsquo;s
    Annual Report on Form 10-KSB for the year ended December 31
 2003.

    
    
Amendment
    No. 10 to Schedule 13D filed August 18
 2003 by United Breweries of America
 Inc. and Dr. Vijay Mallya.

    
    
MBC&rsquo;s
    Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30
 2004.

    
    
MBC&rsquo;s
    Current Report on Form 8-K filed as of March 8
 2005.

    
    
MBC&rsquo;s
    Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30
 2005.

    
    
MBC&rsquo;s
    Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30
 2006.

    
    
MBC&rsquo;s
    Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31
 2006.

    
    
MBC&rsquo;s
    Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30
 2007.

    
    
MBC&rsquo;s
    Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31
 2007.

    
    
MBC&rsquo;s
    Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30
 2008.

    
(JJ)
    
MBC&rsquo;s
    Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31
 2008.

    
    
MBC&rsquo;s
    Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30
 2009.

    
    
MBC&rsquo;s
    Current Report on Form 8-K filed as of August 31
 2009.

    
    
MBC&rsquo;s
    Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30
 2009.

    
    
MBC&rsquo;s
    Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31
 2010.

    
    
MBC&rsquo;s
    Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30
 2010.

    
    
MBC&rsquo;s
    Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q/A No. 1 for the period ended September 30
 2010.

    
    
MBC&rsquo;s
    Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31
 2010.

    
    
MBC&rsquo;s
    Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31. 2011.

    
    
MBC&rsquo;s
    Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30
 2011.

    
    
MBC&rsquo;s
    Schedule 14A filed September 1
 2010.

    
    
MBC&rsquo;s
    Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31
 2011.

    
    
MBC&rsquo;s
    Schedule 14A filed December 19
 2012.

    
    
MBC&rsquo;s
    Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31
 2012.

    
    
MBC&rsquo;s
    Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended on March 31
 2013.

    
    
MBC&rsquo;s
    Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30
 2013.




    
Exhibit Attached
    




    
    
Subsidiaries
    of the Registrant.

    
    
Certification
    of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a).*

    
    
Certification
    of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a).*

    
    
Certification
    of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to U.S.C. 1350.**

    
    
Certification
    of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to U.S.C. 1350.**

    
    
XBRL
    Instance Document

    
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Schema Document

    
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document

    
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document

    
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document

    
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document




    
Excluded
    Financial Statements





*
Filed herewith
** Furnished
herewith


    
    




Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 the registrant has duly caused this report
to be signed on our behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized.



    
(Registrant)
    MENDOCINO BREWING COMPANY
 INC.

    
    
    

    
By:
    
    
    Yashpal     Singh

    
    
Yashpal
    Singh

    
    
President
    and Chief Executive Officer

    
    
(Principal
    Executive Officer)

    
    
    

    
    
Date:
    March 31
 2014


Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf
of the registrant and in the capacity and on the dates indicated.



    
(Registrant)
    MENDOCINO BREWING COMPANY
 INC.

    
    
    

    
By:
    
/s/
    Vijay Mallya

    
    
Dr.
    Vijay Mallya

    
    
Director
    and Chairman of the Board

    
    
Date:
    March 31
 2014




    
By:
    
/s/
    Yashpal Singh

    
    
Yashpal
    Singh

    
    
President
    Director and Chief Executive Officer

    
    
(Principal
    Executive Officer)

    
    
Date:
    March 31
 2014




    
By:
    
/s/
    Scott R. Heldfond

    
    
Scott
    R. Heldfond
 Director

    
    
Date:
    March 31
 2014




    
    
/s/ Jerome
    G. Merchant

    
    
Jerome G. Merchant
    Director

    
    
Date: March 31
    2014




    
    
/s/
    Mahadevan Narayanan

    
    
    

    
    
Secretary and
    Chief Financial Officer

    
    
(Principal Financial
    Officer)

    
    
Date: March 31
    2014

    
    
    

    
    
/s/
    H. Michael Laybourn

    
    
H. Michael Laybourn
    Director

    
    
Date: March 31
    2014

    
    
    

    
    
/s/
    Kent Price

    
    
Kent Price
 Director

    
    
Date: March 31
    2014

    
    
    

    
    
/s/
    Sury Rao Palamand

    
    
Sury Rao Palamand
    Director

    
    
Date: March 31
    2014



    
    


Mendocino
Brewing Company
 Inc.

Consolidated
Financial Statements
For
the Years Ended
December
31
 2013 and 2012


    
    


Mendocino
Brewing Company
 Inc.

Consolidated
Financial Statements
For
the Years Ended
December
31
 2013 and 2012

C
O N T E N T S





    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
F-6
    &ndash; F-25



    
    


REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

Board of
Directors and Stockholders of
Mendocino
Brewing Company
 Inc. and Subsidiaries
Ukiah
 California

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Mendocino Brewing Company
 Inc. and subsidiaries (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;)
as of December 31
 2013 and 2012
 and the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss)
 changes
in stockholders&rsquo; equity
 and cash flows for the years then ended. These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company&rsquo;s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those
standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are
free of material misstatement. The Company is not required to have
 nor were we engaged to perform
 an audit of its internal control
over financial reporting. Our audits include consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing
audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances
 but not for expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company&rsquo;s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly
 we express no such opinion. An audit includes examining
 on a test basis
evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the
accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall financial statement
presentation. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.

In
our opinion
 the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the consolidated
financial position of Mendocino Brewing Company
 Inc. and subsidiaries as of December 31
 2013 and 2012
 and the results of its
operations and cash flows for the years then ended in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America.



/s/
    RBSM LLP
    

Larkspur
 California
    

March 31
 2014
    



    
    


Mendocino
Brewing Company
 Inc.
Consolidated
Balance Sheets
As
of December 31
 2013 and 2012



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
324
800
198
500


 net
4
119
300
5
421
600

    
2
242
000
1
910
500

    
591
600
514
900

    
7
277
700
8
045
500

    
    
    


 net
11
664
800
11
937
200

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
324
500
268
800

    
324
500
268
800

    
    
    

    
19
267
000
20
251
500

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
2
245
000
3
159
700

    
4
893
800
5
693
600

    
1
467
900
1
652
100

    
552
500
    


 others
4
448
000
450
000

    
5
300
3
100

    
    
    

    
13
612
500
10
958
500

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
3
497
900
3
407
000


 less current maturities
1
104
900
    

    
    
3
982
400


 less current maturities
17
700
    

    
    
    

    
4
620
500
7
389
400

    
    
    

    
18
233
000
18
347
900

    
    
    

    
    
    


 Series A
 no par value
 with liquidation preference of $1 per share;
    10
000
000 shares authorized
 227
600 shares issued and outstanding
227
600
227
600


 no par value 30
000
000 shares authorized
 12
611
133
    shares issued and outstanding
15
100
300
15
100
300

    
413
700
406
400

    
(14
707
600
(13
830
700

    
    
    

    
1
034
000
1
903
600

    
    
    

    
19
267
000
20
251
500


The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.


    
    




Mendocino
Brewing Company
 Inc.
Consolidated
Statements of Operations and comprehensive income (loss)
For
the Years Ending December 31
 2013 and 2012



    
    
    

    
36
418
200
40
335
900

    
782
300
1
091
300

    
    
    

    
35
635
900
39
244
600

    
    
    

    
25
770
300
28
442
100

    
    
    

    
9
865
600
10
802
500

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
5
432
000
5
631
000

    
4
699
200
4
236
300

    
    
    

    
10
131
200
9
867
300

    
    
    

    
(265
600
935
200

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
44
500
66
500

    
(74
600
9
400

    
(577
100
(450
000

    
    
    


 net
(607
200
(374
100

    
    
    

    
(872
800
561
100

    
    
    

    
4
100
2
700

    
    
    

    
(876
900
558
400

    
    
    


    adjustment
7
300
(117
200

    
    
    

    
(869
600
441
200

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
&nbsp;12
611
133
&nbsp;12
611
133

    
12
611
133
14
899
235


The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.


    
    


Mendocino
Brewing Company
 Inc.
Consolidated
Statements of Stockholders&rsquo; Equity
For
the Years Ending December 31
 2013 and 2012



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 2011
227
600
227
600
12
611
133
15
100
300
523
600
(14
389
100
1
462
400

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
558
400
558
400

    
    
    
    
    
(117
200
    
(117
200


 2012
227
600
227
600
12
611
133
15
100
300
406
400
(13
830
700
1
903
600

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
(876
900
(876
900

    
    
    
    
    
7
300
    
7
300

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 2013
227
600
227
600
12
611
133
15
100
300
413
700
(14
707
600
1
034
000


The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.


    
    


Mendocino
Brewing Company
 Inc.
Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows
For
the Years Ending December 31
 2013 and 2012



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(876
900
558
400


    activities:
    
    

    
1
105
400
1
048
100

    
(49
400
(40
000

    
74
600
(9
400

    
90
900
91
300

    
    
    

    
1
395
400
164
000

    
(330
100
(110
900

    
(68
100
(86
100

    
(107
900
76
000

    
(776
500
(1
221
300

    
(181
300
(2
000

    
    
    

    
276
100
468
100

    
    
    

    
    
    


 equipment and leasehold improvements
(819
000
(1
503
100

    
3
000
12
200

    
    
    

    
(816
000
(1
490
900

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(907
200
1
360
500


 related party
1
564
200
    


 others
539
700
184
700

    
(524
100
(456
800

    
    
(95
100

    
(3
100
(64
700

    
    
    

    
669
500
928
600

    
    
    

    
(3
300
(19
500

    
    
    

    
126
300
(113
700

    
    
    

    
198
500
312
200

    
    
    

    
324
800
198
500

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
486
200
358
700

    
4
100
2
700

    
    
    

    
23
000
    


The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.


    
    


Mendocino
Brewing Company
 Inc.
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
December
31
 2013 and 2012

Description
of Operations and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

Description
of Operations

Mendocino
Brewing Company
 Inc.
 was formed in 1983 in California
 and has two operating subsidiaries: Releta Brewing Company
 LLC
 (&ldquo;Releta&rdquo;)
and United Breweries International (UK) Limited (&ldquo;UBIUK&rdquo;). In the United States (&ldquo;US&rdquo;)
  MBC
and its subsidiary
 Releta
 operate two breweries that produce beer for the specialty &ldquo;craft&rdquo; segment of the beer
market. The breweries are located in Ukiah
 California and Saratoga Springs
 New York. The majority of sales for Mendocino Brewing
Company in the US are in California. The Company brews several brands
 of which Red Tail Ale is the flagship brand. In addition
the Company performs contract brewing for several other brands
 and MBC holds the license to distribute Kingfisher Premium Lager
Beer in the US and Canada. Generally
 product shipments are made directly from the breweries to the wholesalers or distributors
in accordance with state and local laws. In these notes
 the term &ldquo;the Company&rdquo; and its variants and the terms &ldquo;we
&rdquo;
&ldquo;us
&rdquo; and &ldquo;our&rdquo; and their variants are generally used to refer to Mendocino Brewing Company
 Inc. together
with its subsidiaries
 while the term &ldquo;MBC&rdquo; is used to refer to Mendocino Brewing Company
 Inc. as an individual entity.

The
Company&rsquo;s United Kingdom (&ldquo;UK&rdquo;) subsidiary
 UBIUK
 is a holding company for Kingfisher Beer Europe Limited (&ldquo;KBEL&rdquo;).
KBEL is a distributor of Kingfisher Premium Lager Beer
 in the United Kingdom and Europe. The distributorship is located in Maidstone
Kent in the UK.

Subsequent
Events

The
Company evaluates events that occur subsequent to the balance sheet date of periodic reports
 but before financial statements
are issued for periods ending on such balance sheet dates
 for possible adjustment to such financial statements or other disclosure.
This evaluation generally occurs through the date at which the Company&rsquo;s financial statements are electronically prepared
for filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (&ldquo;SEC&rdquo;).

Principles
of Consolidation

The
consolidated financial statements present the accounts of Mendocino Brewing Company
 Inc.
 and its wholly-owned subsidiaries
Releta and UBIUK. All material intracompany and inter-company balances
 profits and transactions have been eliminated.

Basis
of Presentation and Organization

The
financial statements for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012 have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States. The financial statements and notes are representations of the management and the Board
of Directors
 who are responsible for their integrity and objectivity.



Certain
items in the financial statements for the prior year have been reclassified to conform to the current year presentation. These
reclassifications had no effect on net income or equity.


    
    


Mendocino
Brewing Company
 Inc.
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
December
31
 2013 and 2012

Cash
and Cash Equivalents
 Short- and Long-Term Investments

For
purposes of cash flows
 the Company considers all highly liquid investments purchased with a maturity of three months or less
to be cash equivalents.

Foreign
Operations

Approximately
23% of the Company&rsquo;s assets are located in the UK. Although this country is considered economically stable and the Company
has experienced no notable burden from foreign exchange transactions
 export duties
 or government regulations
 it is always possible
that unanticipated events in foreign countries could disrupt the Company&rsquo;s operations.

Trade
Accounts Receivable and Allowance for Doubtful Accounts

Trade
accounts receivable are stated at the invoiced amount and are the amount the Company expects to collect. Sales are made to approved
customers on an open account basis
 subject to established credit limits
 and generally no collateral is required. The allowance
for doubtful accounts is the Company&rsquo;s best estimate of the amount of probable credit losses in the Company&rsquo;s existing
accounts receivable; however
 changes in circumstances relating to accounts receivable may result in a requirement for additional
allowances in the future.

Allowance
for Doubtful Accounts 

The
Company maintains allowances for doubtful accounts for estimated losses resulting from the inability of its customers to make
required payments. Management considers the following factors when determining the collectibility of specific customer accounts:
customer credit-worthiness
 past transaction history with the customer
 current economic and industry trends and changes in customer
payment terms. Past due balances over 90 days and other higher risk amounts are reviewed individually for collectibility. If the
financial condition of the Company&rsquo;s customers were to deteriorate
 adversely affecting their ability to make payments
additional allowances would be required. Based on management&rsquo;s assessment
 the Company provides for estimated uncollectible
amounts through a charge to earnings and a credit to a valuation allowance. Balances that remain outstanding after the Company
has used reasonable collection efforts are written off through a charge to the valuation allowance and a credit to accounts receivable.
The Company had allowances of $68
200 and $207
800 for doubtful accounts receivable as of December 31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively.



Inventories
are stated at the lower of average cost
 which approximates the first-in
 first-out method
 or market (net realizable value).
The Company regularly reviews its inventories for the presence of obsolete product attributed to age
 seasonality and quality.
Inventories that are considered obsolete are written off or adjusted to carrying value.

Prepaid
Expenses and Other Assets 

Prepaid
expenses and other assets generally consist of deposits
 other receivables
 and prepayments for future services. Prepayments are
expensed when the services are received.


    
    


Mendocino
Brewing Company
 Inc.
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
December
31
 2013 and 2012

Property
and Equipment 

Property
and equipment are stated at cost and depreciated or amortized using the straight-line method over the assets&rsquo; estimated
useful lives. Leasehold improvements are amortized over the shorter of the life of the improvement or the life of the related
lease. The Company uses other depreciation methods (generally
 accelerated depreciation methods) for tax purposes where appropriate.
Costs of maintenance and repairs are charged to expense as incurred; significant renewals and betterments are capitalized. When
property and equipment are retired
 sold
 or otherwise disposed of
 the asset&rsquo;s carrying amount and related accumulated
depreciation are removed from the accounts and any gain or loss is included in the statement of operations.

Estimated
useful lives of property and equipment are as follows:



    
40
    years

Machinery and
    equipment
3
    - 40 years

    
3
    - 5 years

Furniture and
    fixtures
5
    - 10 years


Assets
Held under Capital Leases

Assets
held under capital leases are recorded at the lower of the net present value of the minimum lease payments or the fair value of
the leased asset at the inception of the lease. Amortization expense is computed using the straight-line method over the shorter
of the estimated useful lives of the assets or the period of the related lease.

Impairment
of Long-Lived Assets

The
Company assesses the impairment of its long-lived assets periodically in accordance with the provisions of Accounting Standards
Codification (ASC) 360
 (Accounting for the Impairment and Disposal of Long-Lived Assets). The Company reviews the carrying value
of property and equipment and any other long-lived assets for impairment annually or whenever events and circumstances indicate
that the carrying value of an asset may not be recoverable from the estimated future cash flows expected to result from its use
and eventual disposition. In cases where undiscounted expected future cash flows are less than the carrying value
 an impairment
loss is recognized equal to an amount by which the carrying value exceeds the fair value of assets. The factors considered by
management in performing this assessment include current operating results
 trends
 and prospects
 as well as the effects of obsolescence
demand
 competition
 and other economic factors. Long-lived assets that management commits to sell or abandon are reported at
the lower of carrying amount or fair value less cost to sell. During the year ended December 31
 2013 and 2012 the Company recorded
no impairment losses related to long-lived assets.

Deferred
Financing Costs

Costs
relating to obtaining financing are capitalized and amortized over the term of the related debt. When a loan is paid in full
any unamortized financing costs are removed from the related accounts and charged to operations. Deferred financing costs related
to borrowing made in June 2011 were $225
000. Amortization of deferred financing costs charged to operations was $45
000 for the
years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012.


    
    


Mendocino
Brewing Company
 Inc.
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
December
31
 2013 and 2012

Income
Taxes

The
Company accounts for income taxes in accordance with ASC 750 which requires an asset and liability approach for financial accounting
and reporting for income taxes and allows recognition and measurement of deferred tax assets based upon the likelihood of realization
of tax benefits in future years. Under the asset and liability approach
 deferred taxes are provided for the net tax effects of
temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts
used for income tax purposes. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable
income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. Deferred tax assets are recognized
for deductible temporary differences and operating loss
 and tax credit carryforwards. A valuation allowance is established to
reduce the deferred tax asset if it is more likely than not that the related tax benefits will not be realized.

The
Company periodically assesses uncertain tax positions that the Company has taken or expects to take on a tax return (including
a decision whether to file or not to file a return in a particular jurisdiction). The Company evaluated its tax positions and
determined that there were no uncertain tax benefits for the years ending December 31
 2013 and 2012.

Revenue
Recognition

The
Company recognizes revenue from brewing and distribution operations in accordance with ASC 605. The Company recognizes revenue
from product sales
 net of discounts.

The
Company recognizes revenue only when all of the following criteria have been met:


Persuasive
                                         evidence of an arrangement exists;

Delivery
                                         has occurred or services have been rendered;

The
                                         fee for the arrangement is fixed or determinable; and

Collectibility
                                         is reasonably assured.

&ldquo;Persuasive
Evidence of an Arrangement&rdquo; &ndash; 
order signed by the customer prior to recognizing revenue.

&ldquo;Delivery
Has Occurred or Services Have Been Performed&rdquo; &ndash;
or performs services as per contractual terms. Product is considered delivered upon delivery to a customer&rsquo;s designated
location and services are considered performed upon completion of Company&rsquo;s contractual obligations.

&ldquo;The
Fee for the Arrangement is Fixed or Determinable&rdquo; &ndash;
 an amount is either fixed or
determinable under the terms of the written contract. The price is negotiated at the outset of the arrangement and is not subject
to refund or adjustment during the initial term of the arrangement.

&ldquo;Collectibility
is Reasonably Assured&rdquo; &ndash;
revenue. Collectibility is assessed on a customer-by-customer basis based on criteria outlined by management. The Company does
not enter into arrangements unless collectibility is reasonably assured at the outset. Existing customers are subject to ongoing
credit evaluations based on payment history and other factors. If it is determined during the arrangement that collectibility
is not reasonably assured
 revenue is recognized on a cash basis.

The
Company records certain consideration paid to customers for services or placement fees as a reduction in revenue rather than as
an expense. The Company reports these items on the statement of operations as a reduction in revenue and as a corresponding reduction
in marketing and selling expenses.

Revenues
from the brewpub and gift store are recognized when sales have been completed.


    
    


Mendocino
Brewing Company
 Inc.
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
December
31
 2013 and 2012

Excise
Taxes 

The
federal government levies excise taxes on the sale of alcoholic beverages
 including beer. For brewers producing less than 2.0
million barrels of beer per calendar year
 the federal excise tax is $7 per barrel on the first 60
000 barrels of beer removed
for consumption or sale during a calendar year
 and $18 per barrel for each barrel in excess of 60
000. Individual states also
impose excise taxes on alcoholic beverages in varying amounts
 which have also been subject to change. Sales as presented in the
Company&rsquo;s statements of operations reflect the amount invoiced to the Company&rsquo;s wholesalers and other customers. Excise
taxes due to federal and state agencies are not collected from the Company&rsquo;s customers
 but rather are the responsibility
of the Company. Net sales
 as presented in the Company&rsquo;s statements of operations
 are reduced by applicable federal and
state excise taxes. In the UK
 excise taxes are paid by the manufacturer and not by the Company.



To
further promote retail sales of its products and in response to local competitive conditions
 the Company regularly offers price
discounts to distributors and retailers in most of its markets. Sales for the years 2013 and 2012
 as presented in the Company&rsquo;s
statements of operations
 are reduced by $1
165
100 and $1
330
800 respectively
 related to such discounts.

Chargebacks
and Sales Reserves 

The
Company has estimated reserves for chargebacks for promotional expenses by distributors. The Company estimates its reserves by
utilizing historical information and current contracts. In estimating chargeback reserves
 the Company analyzes actual chargeback
amounts and applies historical chargeback rates to estimate potential chargeback. The Company routinely assesses its experience
with distributors and adjusts the reserves accordingly. If actual chargebacks and other rebates are greater than the Company&rsquo;s
estimates
 additional reserves may be required. Revisions to estimates are charged to income in the period in which the facts
that give rise to the revision become known.

Seasonality


Sales
of the Company&rsquo;s products are somewhat seasonal
 with the first and fourth quarters historically being the slowest and the
rest of the year generating stronger sales. The volume of sales may also be affected by weather conditions. Because of the seasonality
of the Company&rsquo;s business
 results for any one quarter are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be achieved
for the full fiscal year.

Taxes
Collected From Customers

Taxes
collected from customers and remitted to tax authorities are sales tax collected from our retail customers. State and federal
excise taxes on beer shipments are the responsibility of the company and included in our selling price. Excise taxes on shipments
are shown in a separate line item in the consolidated statement of operations as reduction of gross sales. Sales taxes collected
from customers are recognized as a liability
 with the liability subsequently reduced when the taxes are remitted to the tax authority.
Total sales taxes collected from customers and remitted to tax authorities were not material in 2013 and 2012.


    
    


Mendocino
Brewing Company
 Inc.
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
December
31
 2013 and 2012

Delivery
Costs

In
accordance with ASC 605
 (Shipping and Handling Fees and Costs) the company reports pass-through freight costs on beer shipped
to independent beer wholesalers in cost of sales. Reimbursements of these costs by wholesalers are reported in sales.

Non-pass-through
costs incurred by the Company to deliver beer to wholesalers are included in marketing
 distribution and administrative expenses.
These costs are considered marketing related because in addition to product delivery
 wholesalers provide marketing and other
customer service functions to customers including product display
 shelf space management
 distribution of promotional materials
and product rotation. Shipping costs included in marketing expense totaled $911
200 and $914
200
 for the years ended December
31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively.

Basic
and Diluted Income per Share

The
basic earnings per share is computed by dividing the earnings attributable to common stockholders by the weighted average number
of common shares outstanding during the period. In 2013
 the effect of any potentially dilutive securities would have been anti-dilutive.
Therefore
 the conversion of the related party notes has been excluded from the calculation of net earnings per share for the
year ended December 31
 2013. Basic net earnings per share exclude the dilutive effect of stock options or warrants and convertible
notes. The computations of basic and dilutive net earnings per share are as follows:



    
    

    
    
    

    
(876
900
558
400

    
12
611
133
12
611
133

    
    
    

    
    
91
300

    
(876
900
649
700

    
    
2
288
102

    
12
611
133
14
899
235

    
    
    


Foreign
Currency Translation

The
Company has subsidiaries located in the UK
 where the local currency
 UK Pound Sterling
 is the functional currency. Financial
statements of these subsidiaries are translated into U.S. dollars using period-end exchange rates for assets and liabilities and
average exchange rates during the period for revenues and expenses. Cumulative translation adjustments associated with net assets
or liabilities are reported in non-owner changes in equity. Any exchange rate gains or losses related to foreign currency transactions
are recognized in the income statement as incurred
 in the same financial statement caption as the underlying transaction
 and
are not material for any year shown.


    
    


Mendocino
Brewing Company
 Inc.
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
December
31
 2013 and 2012

Cash
at UBIUK was translated at exchange rates in effect at December 31
 2013 and 2012
 and its cash flows were translated at the average
exchange rates for the years then ended. Changes in cash resulting from the translations are presented as a separate item in the
statements of cash flows.

Use
of Estimates

The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
includes having the Company make estimates and assumptions affecting the reported amounts of assets
 liabilities
 revenues and
expenses
 and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. The amounts estimated could differ from actual results. Significant
estimates include
 allowance for doubtful accounts
 depreciation and amortization periods
 and the future utilization of deferred
tax assets.



Advertising
costs are expensed as incurred and were $755
600 and $900
700 for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively.

Fair
Value of Financial Instruments

Fair
Value

The
fair value of the Company&rsquo;s financial instruments reflects the amounts that the Company estimates to receive in connection
with the sale of an asset or paid in connection with the transfer of a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants
at the measurement date (exit price). For financial assets and liabilities that are periodically re-measured to fair value
 the
Company discloses a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the use of inputs used in valuation techniques into the following three
levels:

Level
1 &ndash; quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities.

Level
2 &ndash; observable inputs other than quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities.

Level
3 &ndash; unobservable inputs.

At
December 31
 2013 and 2012
 the Company had no financial assets or liabilities that required periodic re-measurement at fair value.

The
recorded value of certain financial assets and liabilities
 which consist primarily of cash and cash equivalents
 accounts receivable
other current assets
 accounts payable and accrued expenses
 approximate the fair value of the respective assets and liabilities
at December 31
 2013 and December 31
 2012 based upon the short-term nature of the assets and liabilities. Based on borrowing
rates currently available to the Company for loans with similar terms
 the carrying value of short and long term notes payable
approximate fair value.

Comprehensive
Income

Comprehensive
income is composed of the Company&rsquo;s net income and changes in equity from all other non-stockholder sources. The changes
from these non-stockholder sources are reflected as a separate item in the statements of operations and comprehensive income.


    
    


Mendocino
Brewing Company
 Inc.
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
December
31
 2013 and 2012

Reportable
Segments

The
Company manages its operations through two business segments: (i) brewing operations
 tavern and tasting room operations in the
US and Canada (the &ldquo;North American Territory&rdquo;) and (ii) distributor operations in Europe (including Austria
 Belgium
Denmark
 Ireland
 Italy
 the Netherlands
 France
 Finland
 Germany
 Greece
 Iceland
 Liechtenstein
 Luxembourg
 Norway
 Portugal
Spain
 Sweden
 Switzerland
 and the United Kingdom) (the &ldquo;Foreign Territory&rdquo;). The Company evaluates performance based
on net operating profit. Where applicable
 portions of the administrative function expenses are allocated between the operating
segments. The operating segments do not share manufacturing or distribution facilities. In the event any materials and/or services
are provided to one operating segment by the other
 the transaction is valued according to the Company&rsquo;s transfer policy
which approximates market price. The costs of operating the manufacturing plants are captured discretely within each segment.
The Company&rsquo;s property
 plant and equipment
 inventory
 and accounts receivable are captured and reported discretely within
each operating segment.

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements

In
February 2013
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&ldquo;FASB&rdquo;) issued Accounting Standards Update (&ldquo;ASU&rdquo;)
No. 2013-02
 Reporting of Amounts Reclassified Out of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income requiring new disclosures regarding
reclassification adjustments from accumulated other comprehensive income (&ldquo;AOCI&rdquo;). ASU No. 2013-02 requires disclosure
of amounts reclassified out of AOCI in its entirety
 by component
 on the face of the statement of operations or in the notes.
The standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2012. The Company adopted this guidance beginning in the
first quarter of 2013. Adoption of this guidance does not have a material impact on the Company&rsquo;s consolidated financial
statements.

In
July 2013
 the FASB issued guidance on the financial statement presentation of an unrecognized tax benefit when a net operating
loss carryforward
 a similar tax loss
 or a tax credit carryforward exists. The guidance is effective prospectively for fiscal
years
 and interim periods within those years
 beginning after December 15
 2013
 with an option for early adoption. The Company
does not believe the adoption of this standard will have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements.

Other
recent accounting pronouncements issued by the FASB (including its Emerging Issues Task Force (&ldquo;EITF&rdquo;))
 the American
Institute of Certified Public Accountants (&ldquo;AICPA&rdquo;)
 and the SEC did not or are not believed by management to have
a material impact on the Company&rsquo;s present or future financial statements.

Liquidity
and Management Plans

On
June 23
 2011
 MBC and Releta entered into a Credit and Security Agreement (the &ldquo;Agreement&rdquo;) with Cole Taylor Bank
an Illinois banking corporation (&ldquo;Cole Taylor&rdquo;). The Agreement provides a credit facility with a maturity date of
June 23
 2016 of up to $10
000
000 consisting of a $4
119
000 revolving facility
 a $1
934
000 machinery and equipment term loan
a $2
947
000 real estate term loan and a $1
000
000 capital expenditure line of credit. A significant portion of the proceeds
received under the Agreement were used to repay credit facilities provided by Marquette Business Credit
 Inc. and Grand Pacific
Financing Corporation. Convertible promissory notes issued to United Breweries of America
 Inc. (&ldquo;UBA&rdquo;)
 one of the
Company&rsquo;s principal shareholders
 are subordinated to the Cole Taylor facility.

The
Agreement requires MBC and Releta to maintain certain minimum fixed charge coverage ratios for trailing twelve month periods and
minimum tangible net worth. The minimum tangible net worth MBC and Releta are required to maintain is subject to increase based
on the net income of MBC and Releta. On March 29
 2013
 MBC
 Releta
 and Cole Taylor entered into a First Amendment (the &ldquo;Amendment&rdquo;)
to the Agreement to clarify the method by which the fixed charge coverage ratio is calculated
 with retrospective application.


    
    


Mendocino
Brewing Company
 Inc.
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
December
31
 2013 and 2012

The
required fixed charge coverage ratio for the trailing twelve month periods ended March 31
 2013 onwards fell short of the required
ratio. The tangible net worth fell short of the required amount for the period beginning June 1
 2013 onwards.

On
September 18
 2013
 MBC and Releta received a notice (the &ldquo;Default Notice&rdquo;) from Cole Taylor regarding its intention
to exercise certain rights with respect to events of default of the Company pursuant to the Agreement.

The
Agreement provides that the failure of MBC and Releta to observe any covenant will constitute an event of default under the Agreement.
Under the Agreement
 upon the occurrence of an event of default
 all of MBC&rsquo;s and Releta&rsquo;s obligations under the Agreement
may
 at the option of Cole Taylor
 be declared
 and immediately shall become
 due and payable
 without notice of any kind. The
event of default shall be deemed continuing until waived in writing by Cole Taylor. The Default Notice states that Cole Taylor
has elected to charge a default interest rate equal to two percent (2%) per annum in excess of the interest rate otherwise payable
under the Agreement effective September 1
 2013. The Company estimates that the increased rate currently results in approximately
$120
000 additional annual interest expense. Cole Taylor has not waived the events of default described in the Default Notice
and has reserved all other available rights and remedies under the Agreement
 certain other related documents and applicable law.
Cole Taylor could declare the full amount owed under the Agreement due and payable at any time for any reason or no reason. The
Company has not received any notice or other communication from Cole Taylor that it intends to exercise any of the remedies available
to it under the Agreement in connection with the events of default. The exercise of additional remedies by Cole Taylor may have
a material adverse effect on the Company&rsquo;s financial condition and the Company&rsquo;s ability to continue to operate. If
it becomes necessary for MBC and Releta to seek additional financing
 there is no guarantee that MBC and Releta will be able to
obtain such financing on terms favorable to the Company or on any terms.

As
of December 31
 2013
 the fixed charge coverage ratio was required to be 1.10 to 1. The Company calculated that the fixed charge
coverage ratio as of December 31
 2013 was -0.58 to 1. The Company calculated that the required tangible net worth of MBC and
Releta was $6
181
400 as of December 31
 2013 and the actual tangible net worth on such date was $4
848
200. The Company does
not anticipate that it will regain compliance with the required fixed charge coverage ratio or the minimum tangible net worth
in the immediate future.

We
have several loans
 lines of credit
 other credit facilities and lease agreements which are currently outstanding (collectively
&ldquo;Indebtedness&rdquo;). We currently make timely payments of principal and interest relating to the Indebtedness as they
fall due and anticipate that we will continue to make such timely payments in the immediate future. However
 if we fail to maintain
any of the financial covenants under the various agreements governing Indebtedness (such as the default under the Agreement described
above)
 fail to make timely payments of amounts due under the Indebtedness
 or commit any other breach resulting in an event of
default under the agreements governing Indebtedness
 such events of default (including cross-defaults) could have a material adverse
effect on our financial condition. If our existing debt were accelerated and terminated
 we would need to obtain replacement financing
the lack of which would have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and ability to continue operations. In addition
actions taken by secured parties against the Company&rsquo;s assets which have been pledged as collateral could have a material
adverse effect on our financial condition and operations.


    
    


Mendocino
Brewing Company
 Inc.
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
December
31
 2013 and 2012

At
December 31
 2013
 we had cash and cash equivalents of $324
800
 an accumulated deficit of $14
707
600
 and a working capital
deficit of $6
334
800 due to losses incurred and reclassification of debts owing to Cole Taylor as a result of the default under
the Agreement described above.

On
November 8
 2013
 United Breweries Holding Limited (&ldquo;UBHL&rdquo;)
 Company&rsquo;s indirect majority shareholder issued
a letter of financial support on behalf of MBC (the &ldquo;Letter of Support&rdquo;) to MBC&rsquo;s accountants to confirm that
UBHL had agreed to provide funding on an as needed basis to ensure that MBC is able to meet its financial obligations when they
fall due. The Letter of Support do not specify either the terms of UBHL&rsquo;s support
 or a maximum dollar limit. UBHL&rsquo;s
financial support is contingent upon compliance with any applicable exchange control requirements and other applicable laws and
regulations relating to the transfer of funds from India. The MBC Letter of Support was issued for a period through December 31
2014
 but
 if necessary
 management intends to seek UBHL&rsquo;s consent to extend the stated support. UBHL controls the Company&rsquo;s
two largest shareholders
 UBA and Inversiones Mirabel S.A.
 and as such
 UBHL is the Company&rsquo;s indirect majority shareholder.
The Chairman of the Company&rsquo;s Board of Directors
 Dr. Vijay Mallya
 is also the chairman of the board of directors of UBHL.

The
Company received a letter dated November 11
 2013 from UBHL expressing its willingness to commit to invest $2
000
000 in the Company
in four installments to be paid every six months over a two year period. The letter did not state definitive terms for the proposed
investment. UBHL would consider additional investment based on a business plan to be provided by the Company.

Management
has taken several actions to enable us to meet our working capital needs through December 31
 2014
 including reducing discretionary
expenditures
 expanding business in new territories
 reducing manpower and securing additional brewing contracts in an effort
to utilize a portion of excess production capacity. We may also seek additional capital infusions to support our operations.

If
it becomes necessary to seek UBHL&rsquo;s financial assistance under the Letter of Support and UBHL does not fulfill its commitment
to MBC
 it may result in a material adverse effect on our financial position and on our ability to continue operations. In addition
our lenders may seek to satisfy any outstanding obligations through recourse against the applicable pledged collateral which may
include our real property and fixed and current assets. The loss of any material pledged asset would likely have a material adverse
effect on our financial position and results of operations.



Inventories
consisting of materials
 materials overhead
 labor
 and manufacturing overhead
 are stated at the lower of average cost or market
(net realizable value) and consist of the following at December 31:



    
    
    

    
813
000
807
000

    
357
700
323
600

    
967
600
732
300

    
103
700
47
600

    
2
242
000
1
910
500



    
    


Mendocino
Brewing Company
 Inc.
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
December
31
 2013 and 2012

Property
and Equipment

The
following is a summary of property and equipment
 at cost less accumulated depreciation
 at December 31:



    
    
    

    
12
468
400
11
772
000

    
7
218
900
7
222
100

    
23
000
183
700

    
810
900
810
900

    
1
397
200
1
459
600

    
111
200
190
000

    
352
500
359
600

    
217
800
663
500

    
22
599
900
22
661
400

    
(10
935
100
(10
724
200

    
11
664
800
11
937
200


The
total depreciation and amortization expense for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012 was $1
105
400 and $1
048
100
 respectively.

Secured
Lines of Credit

In
June 2011
 Cole Taylor provided a line of credit drawable up to 85% of eligible receivables and 60% of eligible inventory for
a period up to June 2016. The borrowings are collateralized
 with recourse
 by MBC&rsquo;s and Releta&rsquo;s trade receivables
and inventory located in the US. This facility carries interest at a rate of either LIBOR plus 3.5% or prime plus 1% and is secured
by substantially all of the assets
 excluding real property
 of Releta and MBC. The amount outstanding on this line of credit
as of December 31
 2013 was approximately $1
517
200. Included in the Company&rsquo;s balance sheet as accounts receivable at
December 31
 2013
 are account balances totaling $1
512
300 of accounts receivables and $2
217
300 of inventory collateralized
to Cole Taylor under this facility.

On
April 26
 2005
 Royal Bank of Scotland Commercial Services Limited (&ldquo;RBS&rdquo;) provided an invoice discounting facility
to KBEL for a maximum amount of &pound;1
750
000 based on 80% prepayment against qualified accounts receivable related to KBEL&rsquo;s
UK customers. The initial term of the facility was for a one year period after which time the facility could be terminated by
either party by providing the other party with six months&rsquo; notice. The facility carries an interest rate of 1.38% above
the RBS base rate and a service charge of 0.10% of each invoice discounted. The amount outstanding on this line of credit as of
December 31
 2013 was approximately $727
800.

Long-Term
Debt



    



    
    
    


 payable in monthly installments of $12
300
 plus interest at prime plus 4% with a balloon payment of approximately $2
210
300 in June 2016; secured by real property at Ukiah.
2
570
900
2
718
300

    
    
    


 payable in monthly installments of $23
000 including interest at prime plus 3.5% with a balloon payment of approximately $552
600 in June 2016; secured by all assets of Releta and MBC
 excluding real property at Ukiah.
1
877
100
1
714
100

    
4
448
000
4
432
400

    
4
448
000
450
000

    
    
3
982
400



    
    


Mendocino
Brewing Company
 Inc.
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
December
31
 2013 and 2012

Long-Term
Debt &ndash; Related Party



    



    
    
    


 payable in quarterly installments of $138
100
 plus interest at UK prime plus 5% maturing on October 9
 2016
 secured by licensing rights pursuant to the Sub-License Agreement.
1
657
400
    

    
1
657
400
    

    
552
500
    

    
1
104
900
    


Maturities
of debt for succeeding years are as follows:



Year ended December 31
 2014
552
500


 2015
552
500

Year ended December 31
 2016
552
400


On
April 18
 2013
 KBEL entered into a Loan Agreement (the &ldquo;Loan Agreement&rdquo;) with Heineken UK Limited (&ldquo;HUK&rdquo;)
pursuant to which HUK provided KBEL with a secured term loan of &pound;1
000
000 on October 9
 2013 to be repaid in twelve quarterly
installment of &pound;83
333.33 each
 commencing from January 9
 2014 along with interest at the rate of 5% above the Bank of
England base rate. Prepayment is permitted. Upon an Event of Default
 as defined in the Loan Agreement
 if HUK and KBEL fail to
agree on a payment plan acceptable to HUK
 HUK may
 among other remedies
 declare the loan immediately due and repayable or exercise
its right to an exclusive license pursuant to the Sub-License Agreement as described and defined in the Loan Agreement.

8.


The
Company leases certain brewing equipment
 vehicles and office equipment under agreements that are classified as capital leases.
The future minimum lease payments required under the capital lease and the present value of the net minimum lease payments as
of December 31
 2013
 are as follows:




 2014
6
400


 2015
6
400


 2016
6
400


 2017
6
400

    
25
600

    
(2
600

    
23
000

    
5
300

    
17
700



    
    


Mendocino
Brewing Company
 Inc.
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
December
31
 2013 and 2012

9.


Subordinated
Convertible Notes Payable

Notes
payable to related parties includes unsecured convertible notes to UBA for a total value including interest (at the prime rate
plus 1.5%
 but not to exceed 10% per year) of $3
497
900 and $3
407
000 as of December 31
 2013 and 2012. Thirteen of the UBA
notes are convertible into common stock at $1.50 per share and one UBA note is convertible at a rate of $1.44 per share. The UBA
notes have been extended until June 2014 but have automatic renewals after such maturity date for successive one year terms
 provided
that either the Company or UBA may elect not to extend the term upon written notice given to the other party no more than 60 days
and no fewer than 30 days prior to the expiration of such term. UBA may demand payment within 60 days of the end of the extension
period but is precluded from doing so because the notes are subordinated to long-term debt agreements with Cole Taylor maturing
in June 2016. Therefore
 the Company will not require the use of working capital to repay any of the UBA notes until the Cole
Taylor facilities are repaid. The UBA notes included $1
582
500 and $1
491
600 of accrued interest at December 31
 2013 and December
31
 2012
 respectively.

Commitments
and Contingencies

Purchase
of raw materials

Production
of the Company&rsquo;s beverages requires quantities of various processed agricultural products
 including malt and hops for beer.
The Company fulfills its commodities requirements through purchases from various sources
 some through contractual arrangements
and others on the open market. Future payments under existing contractual arrangements are as follows:





    

    
1
938
800

    
    

    
1
938
800




The
Company is periodically involved in legal actions and claims that arise as a result of events that occur in the normal course
of operations. The Company&rsquo;s management and its legal counsel assess such contingent liabilities
 and such assessment inherently
involves an exercise of judgment. In assessing loss contingencies related to legal proceedings that are pending against the Company
or unasserted claims that may result in such proceedings
 the Company&rsquo;s legal counsel evaluates the perceived merits of
any legal proceedings or unasserted claims as well as the perceived merits of the amount of relief sought or expected to be sought
therein.

If
the assessment of a contingency indicates that it is probable that a material loss has been incurred and the amount of the liability
can be estimated
 then the estimated liability would be accrued in the Company&rsquo;s financial statements. If the assessment
indicates that a potentially material loss contingency is not probable
 but is reasonably possible
 or is probable but cannot
be estimated
 then the nature of the contingent liability
 together with an estimate of the range of possible loss if determinable
and material
 would be disclosed. Loss contingencies considered remote are generally not disclosed unless they involve guarantees
in which case the nature of the guarantee would be disclosed.


    
    


Mendocino
Brewing Company
 Inc.
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
December
31
 2013 and 2012

The
Company is not currently aware of any legal proceedings or claims that the Company believes will have
 individually or in the
aggregate
 a material adverse effect on the Company&rsquo;s financial position or results of operations

Operating
Leases

The
Company leases some of its operating and office facilities for various terms under long-term
 non-cancelable operating lease agreements.
The leases expire at various dates through 2019 and provide for renewal options ranging from month-to-month to five years. In
the normal course of business
 it is expected that these leases will be renewed or replaced by leases on similar properties. The
leases provide for increases in future minimum annual rental payments based on defined increases which are generally meant to
correlate with the Consumer Price Index
 subject to certain minimum increases. Also
 the agreements generally require the Company
to pay certain costs (real estate taxes
 insurance and repairs).

The
Company and its subsidiaries have various lease agreements for the brewpub and gift store in Ukiah
 California; land at its Saratoga
Springs
 New York
 facility; a building in the UK; and certain equipment. The New York lease includes renewal options for three
additional five-year periods beginning in 2014
 which the Company intends to exercise
 and some leases are adjusted annually for
changes in the consumer price index. Rent expense charged to operations was $359
300 and $324
400 for the years ended December
31
 2013 and 2012.

Future minimum
lease payments under these agreements are as follows:





    

    
400
500

    
310
200

    
215
000

    
195
000

    
191
600

    
103
800

    
1
416
100


Keg
Management Agreement

In
September 2009
 the Company renewed the keg management agreement with MicroStar Keg Management LLC. Under this arrangement
 MicroStar
provides all kegs for which the Company pays a service fee depending on the applicable territory. The agreement is effective for
five years ending in September 2014. If the agreement is terminated
 the Company is required to purchase four times the average
monthly keg usage for the preceding six-month period from MicroStar. The Company expects to continue this relationship. Rental
expense associated with this agreement was $102
000 and $82
100 for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively.
This annual fee is not included in the above future minimum lease payments.

Related-Party
Transactions

The
Company conducts business with United Breweries of America (UBA)
 which owns approximately 25% of the Company&rsquo;s common stock.
KBEL had significant transactions with Shepherd Neame
 Ltd.
 which is a related party to a former Board member. KBEL also had
significant transactions with HUK
 a related party with respect to one of MBC&rsquo;s Board members. The following table reflects
balances outstanding as of December 31
 2013 and 2012 and the value of the transactions with these related parties for the years
ended December 31
 2013 and 2012:


    
    


Mendocino
Brewing Company
 Inc.
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
December
31
 2013 and 2012



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
2
400
400
3
527
000

    
11
367
700
16
192
200

    
865
100
1
030
900

    
3
006
100
    

    
375
500
    

    
90
900
91
300

    
2
400
2
400

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
70
400
3
894
900

    
5
000
356
300

    
1
746
800
    


Independent
outside members of the Board of Directors are compensated for their services. Expenses related to this compensation totaled $152
800
and $114
000 for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012 and are included in general and administrative expenses on the statements
of operations and comprehensive income.

12.


Financial
instruments that potentially subject the Company to significant concentration of credit risk consist primarily of cash and cash
equivalents
 and accounts receivable. Substantially all of the Company&rsquo;s cash and cash equivalents are deposited with commercial
banks that have minimal credit risk
 in the US and the UK. Accounts receivable are generally unsecured and customers are subject
to an initial credit review and ongoing monitoring. Wholesale distributors account for substantially all accounts receivable;
therefore
 this risk concentration is limited due to the number of distributors and the laws regulating the financial affairs
of distributors of alcoholic beverages. The Company has approximately $211
100 in cash deposits and $2
607
000 of accounts receivable
due from customers located in the UK as of December 31
 2013.

The
Company could experience labor disputes
 work stoppages or other disruptions in production that could adversely affect it. As
of December 31
 2013
 a union represented approximately 18% of the Company&rsquo;s US-based workforce. On that date
 the Company
had approximately fourteen employees at its California (&ldquo;CA&rdquo;) facility who were working under a collective bargaining
agreement. The agreement covering the CA facility expired on July 31
 2013 and the Company and the union are negotiating a new
agreement.

Gross
sales to the top five customers totaled $7
575
900 and $9
245
700 for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
 which represents
21% and 23% of sales for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively. Gross sales to Shepherd Neame for the years
ended December 31
 2013 and 2012 was $2
373
400 and $3
527
000
 which represented 7% and 9% of sales for those years respectively.
No other customer individually represented greater than 5% of revenue.


    
    


Mendocino
Brewing Company
 Inc.
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
December
31
 2013 and 2012

Stockholders&rsquo;
Equity

Preferred
Stock

Ten
million shares of preferred stock have been authorized
 of which 227
600 are designated as Series A. Series A shareholders are
entitled to receive cash dividends and/or liquidation proceeds equal
 in the aggregate
 to $1.00 per share before any cash dividends
are paid on the common stock or any other series of preferred stock. When the entire Series A dividend/liquidation proceeds have
been paid
 the Series A shares are automatically canceled and will cease to be outstanding. Only a complete corporate dissolution
will cause a liquidation preference to be paid.

Income
Taxes

The
large accumulated losses from past operations have resulted in the Company determining that the deferred tax assets associated
with net operating loss carryforwards may expire prior to utilization. Because of the uncertainty of realization of any tax assets
the Company provided a full valuation allowance against its net deferred tax assets at December 31
 2013 and 2012. Consequently
no benefit for deferred tax assets appears on the Company&rsquo;s financial statements.

The
Company&rsquo;s income tax expense is summarized as follows:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
4
100
2
700

    
4
100
2
700

    
    
    

    
4
100
2
700


The
difference between the actual income tax provision and the tax provision computed by applying the statutory US federal and United
Kingdom income tax rates to earnings before taxes is attributable to the following:



    
    
    

    
(517
600
(26
600

    
(77
200
21
800

    
129
900
127
900

    
23
400
17
400

    
4
800
1
800

    
440
800
(139
600

    
4
100
2
700



    
    


Mendocino
Brewing Company
 Inc.
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
December
31
 2013 and 2012

Temporary
differences and carryforwards that give rise to deferred tax assets and liabilities are as follows:



    
    
    

    
5
572
100
5
282
300

    
(1
653
800
(1
827
900

    
80
500
103
600

    
3
998
800
3
558
000

    
(3
998
800
(3
558
000

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
440
800
(139
600


The
Company has net operating losses available for carry forward. The US Federal net operating losses total approximately $14
537
400
and expire beginning 2017 and ending in 2033. The US state operating losses total approximately $1
405
500 and expire beginning
in 2014 and ending in 2033. The Company&rsquo;s UK operating losses total approximately $2
525
400 and they do not expire.

Tax
years that remain open for examination by the Internal Revenue Service and the US states include 2010
 2011
 and 2012; the Company
expects to file its 2013 returns in the summer of 2014. California may still examine 2009 because of its longer statute of limitations.
Additional years may be examined in the event of criminal tax fraud
 and any year may be subject to examination to the extent
that the Company utilizes the net operating losses from those years in its current or future tax returns.

Segment
Information

The
Company&rsquo;s business presently consists of two segments &ndash; the North American Territory and the Foreign Territory.

The
Company&rsquo;s operations in the North American Territory consist primarily of brewing and marketing proprietary craft beers.
For distribution in the North American Territory
 the Company brews its brands in its own facilities
 which are located in Ukiah
California and Saratoga Springs
 New York. This segment accounted for approximately 41% and 43% of the Company&rsquo;s gross sales
during the years 2013 and 2012
 respectively.

The
Company&rsquo;s operations in the Foreign Territory
 which are conducted through its wholly-owned subsidiary UBIUK and UBIUK&rsquo;s
wholly-owned subsidiary KBEL
 consist primarily of the marketing and distribution of Kingfisher Premium Lager in the Foreign Territory
through Indian restaurants
 chain retail grocers
 liquor stores
 and other retail outlets (such as convenience stores). This segment
accounted for approximately 59% and 57% of the Company&rsquo;s gross sales during 2013 and 2012 respectively.

A
summary of each segment is as follows:



    

 2013

    
    
    
    
    

    
14
806
700
21
611
500
    
36
418
200

    
(1
037
400
771
800
    
(265
600

    
12
736
500
4
414
500
2
116
000
19
267
000

    
677
800
427
600
    
1
105
400

    
342
000
477
000
    
819
000




    

 2012

    
    
    
    
    

    
17
319
600
23
016
300
    
40
335
900

    
239
300
695
900
    
935
200

    
12
775
100
4
440
800
3
035
600
20
251
500

    
616
000
432
100
    
1
048
100

    
1
086
600
416
500
    
1
503
100



    
    


Mendocino
Brewing Company
 Inc.
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
December
31
 2013 and 2012

Unrestricted
Net Assets

The
Company&rsquo;s wholly-owned subsidiary
 UBIUK
 has cumulative losses of approximately $1
717
400 as of December 31
 2013. Under
KBEL&rsquo;s line of credit agreement with RBS
 distributions and other payments to the Company from its subsidiary are not permitted
if the subsidiary&rsquo;s retained earnings drop below $1
657
400. Condensed financial information of the United States operations
is as follows:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
113
700
123
200


 net
1
512
300
2
531
700

    
2
217
300
1
910
500

    
165
500
111
900

    
4
008
800
4
677
300

    
    
    

    
1
225
000
1
225
000

    
10
519
200
10
864
600

    
716
700
471
400

    
324
500
268
800

    
16
794
200
17
507
100

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
1
517
200
1
887
700

    
2
524
500
1
584
300

    
1
001
700
884
300

    
4
453
300
453
100

    
9
496
700
4
809
400

    
    
    

    
17
700
3
982
400

    
3
497
900
3
407
000

    
13
012
300
12
198
800

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
15
100
300
15
100
300

    
227
600
227
600

    
(11
546
000
(10
019
600

    
3
781
900
5
308
300

    
16
794
200
17
507
100



    
    


Mendocino
Brewing Company
 Inc.
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
December
31
 2013 and 2012

Unrestricted
Net Assets (continued)



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
14
024
400
16
228
300

    
11
354
400
12
383
900


 marketing
 and retail expenses
1
710
600
1
754
500

    
2
094
200
1
984
600

    
(1
134
800
105
300

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(448
200
(380
000

    
(77
600
    

    
138
300
196
500

    
(4
100
(2
700

    
(391
600
(186
200

    
(1
526
400
(80
900




    
    
    

    
    
    

    
935
800
583
700

    
    
    

    
(342
000
(1
086
600

    
    
5
000

    
(342
000
(1
081
600

    
    
    

    
(370
500
992
400

    
539
700
184
700

    
(524
100
(456
800

    
(3
100
(46
400

    
(245
300
(240
000

    
(603
300
433
900


 beginning of year
123
200
187
200


 end of year
113
700
123
200


Subsequent
Events

On
January 22
 2014
 MBC issued a promissory note (the &ldquo;Catamaran Note&rdquo;) to Catamaran Services
 Inc.
 a Delaware corporation
(&ldquo;Catamaran&rdquo;) in the principal amount of $500
000. Catamaran Holdings
 Ltd.
 the sole shareholder of Catamaran
 has
directors in common with Inversiones
 one of the major shareholders of MBC. The indirect beneficial owner of Inversiones is UBHL.
Dr. Vijay Mallya
 the Chairman of the board of directors of the Company is also the Chairman of the board of directors of UBHL.


    
    


Mendocino
Brewing Company
 Inc.
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
December
31
 2013 and 2012

Pursuant
to the terms of the Catamaran Note
 MBC promises to pay the principal sum of $500
000 with accrued interest
 as described below
to Catamaran within six months following the date of the Catamaran Note
 subject to the receipt by MBC of an equity investment
by its majority shareholder (the &ldquo;Shareholder Investment&rdquo;) in an amount sufficient either (a) to pay the Catamaran
Note through Permitted Payments
 as defined below
 or (b) to pay both the Catamaran Note and certain existing obligations of MBC
to Cole Taylor pursuant to the Credit and Security Agreement dated as of June 23
 2011 (as amended
 modified or supplemented from
time to time) among MBC
 Releta
 and Cole Taylor (the &ldquo;Agreement&rdquo;) in full. &ldquo;Permitted Payments&rdquo; on the
Catamaran Note are payments made from the portion of a Shareholder Investment that is in excess of $500
000.

If
MBC is not able to satisfy its obligations on the Catamaran Note within six month following the date of the Catamaran Note
 the
Catamaran Note shall be automatically extended for additional six month terms. Interest shall accrue from the date of the Catamaran
Note on the unpaid principal at a rate equal to the lesser of (i) one and one-half percent (1.5%) per annum above the prime rate
offered from time to time by the Bank of America Corporation in San Francisco
 California
 or (ii) ten percent (10%) per annum
until the principal is fully paid.

The
Catamaran Note may be prepaid without penalty at the option of MBC; however
 no payments on the Catamaran Note may be made unless
such payment is a Permitted Payment or certain existing obligations of MBC to Cole Taylor pursuant to the Agreement have been
satisfied in full. The Catamaran Note may not be amended without the prior written consent of Cole Taylor.


    
    














     







SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT


following table lists our subsidiaries and the respective jurisdictions of their organization or incorporation as of December&nbsp;31
2013. All subsidiaries are included in our consolidated financial statements.

1.
Releta Brewing Company
 LLC
 a Delaware Limited Liability Company

2.
United Breweries International (U.K.) Limited

3.
Kingfisher Beer Europe Limited


    
    














     








 Yashpal Singh
 certify that:


I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Mendocino Brewing
Company
 Inc.;


Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement
of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;


Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial
information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and
cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;


The registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer and I are responsible
for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and
have:


Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such
disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in
which this report is being prepared;


Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused
such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles;


Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and


Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal
control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&rsquo;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting; and


The registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer and I have disclosed
based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the audit
committee of the registrant&rsquo;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):


All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design
or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s
ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information; and


Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other
employees who have a significant role in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting.



Date: March 31
 2014
/s/
    Yashpal Singh

    
Yashpal Singh


    
    

    
    



    
    














     








 Mahadevan Narayanan
 certify that:


I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Mendocino Brewing
Company
 Inc.;


Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement
of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;


Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial
information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and
cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;


The registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer and I are responsible
for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and
have:


Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such
disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in
which this report is being prepared;


Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused
such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles;


Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and


Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal
control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&rsquo;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting; and


The registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer and I have disclosed
based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the audit
committee of the registrant&rsquo;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):


All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design
or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s
ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information; and


Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other
employees who have a significant role in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting.



Date: March 31
 2014
/s/
    Mahadevan Narayanan

    
Mahadevan Narayanan


    
    

    
    



    
    














     







 UNITED
STATES CODE
 
SECTION 1350


Brewing Company
 Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) on Form 10-K for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2013
 as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the &ldquo;Report&rdquo;)
 I
 Yashpal Singh
 Chief Executive Officer of the Company
certify
 pursuant to Title&nbsp;18
 United States Code
 Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002
 that:


The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a)
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended; and 


The information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material
respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 


required by Section&nbsp;906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities
and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.



Date: March 31
 2014
/s/
    Yashpal Singh

    
Yashpal Singh


    
    

    
    



    
    














     







 UNITED
STATES CODE
 
SECTION 1350


Brewing Company
 Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) on Form 10-K for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2013 as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the &ldquo;Report&rdquo;)
 I
 Mahadevan Narayanan
 Chief Financial Officer of the Company
certify
 pursuant to Title&nbsp;18
 United States Code
 Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002
 that:


The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a)
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended; and 


The information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material
respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 


required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and
Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.



Date: March 31
 2014
/s/&nbsp;Mahadevan
    Narayanan

    
Mahadevan Narayanan


    
    

    
    



    
    























        


        




        


        




        


        




        


        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        


        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        


        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        


        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        


        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        


        




        

          
          



        




        


        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        


        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        



      


      




          


          




      


      


      

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

700&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;123
200&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Accounts receivable
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
512
300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
531
700&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Inventories&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
217
300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
910
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Other current assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;165
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;111
900&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total current assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4
008
800&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4
677
300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Investment in subsidiary&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
225
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
225
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Property and equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;10
519
200&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;10
864
600&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Intercompany receivable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;716
700&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;471
400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Other assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;324
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;268
800&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;16
794
200&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;17
507
100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Line of credit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
517
200&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
887
700&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Accounts payable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
524
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
584
300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Accrued liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
001
700&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;884
300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Current maturities of debt and capital leases&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4
453
300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;453
100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total current liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;9
496
700&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4
809
400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Long-term debt and capital leases&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;17
700&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3
982
400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Notes to related parties&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3
497
900&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3
407
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;13
012
300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;12
198
800&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Stockholders&amp;#146; equity&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Common stock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;15
100
300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;15
100
300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Preferred stock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;227
600&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;227
600&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Accumulated deficit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(11
546
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(10
019
600&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total stockholders&amp;#146; equity&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3
781
900&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5
308
300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total liabilities and stockholders&amp;#146; equity&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;16
794
200&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;17
507


024
400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;16
228
300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Cost of goods sold&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;11
354
400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;12
383
900&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Selling
 marketing
 and retail expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
710
600&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
754
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;General and administrative expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
094
200&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
984
600&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Income (loss) from operations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(1
134
800&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;105
300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Other income and (expense)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Interest expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(448
200&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(380
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Loss on disposal of assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(77
600&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Other income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;138
300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;196
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Provision for taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(4
100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(2
700&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(391
600&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(186
200&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Net loss&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(1
526
400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(80


800&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;583
700&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Cash flow from investing activities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Purchase of property and equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(342
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(1
086
600&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Proceeds from sale of equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Net cash flows from investing&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(342
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(1
081
600&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Cash flow from financing activities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Net borrowings (repayments) on line of credit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(370
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;992
400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Borrowings on long term debt&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;539
700&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;184
700&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Repayment of long-term debt&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(524
100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(456
800&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Payment on obligations under capital leases&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(3
100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(46
400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Net change in intercompany payable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(245
300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(240
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Net cash flows from financing activities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(603
300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;433
900&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Cash
 beginning of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;123
200&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;187
200&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Cash
 end of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;113
700&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;123


 the Company provided a full valuation&#13;allowance against its net deferred tax assets at December 31
 2013 and 2012. Consequently

100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;2

100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;2







900&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;127

400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;17

800&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;1

800&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;(139



572

282

653

827

500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;103

998
800&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;3
558

998

558



537
400 and expire beginning 2017 and&#13;ending in 2033. The US state operating losses total approximately $1
405
500 and expire beginning in 2014 and ending in 2033. The&#13;Company&amp;#146;s UK operating losses total approximately $2
525

 2011
 and 2012; the Company expects to file its 2013 returns in&#13;the summer of 2014. California may still examine 2009 because of its longer statute of limitations. Additional years may be examined&#13;in the event of criminal tax fraud


&#13;the Company brews its brands in its own facilities
 which are located in Ukiah
 California and Saratoga Springs
 New York. This&#13;segment accounted for approximately 41% and 43% of the Company&amp;#146;s gross sales during the years 2013 and 2012

 which are conducted through its wholly-owned subsidiary UBIUK and UBIUK&amp;#146;s wholly-owned subsidiary KBEL
 consist&#13;primarily of the marketing and distribution of Kingfisher Premium Lager in the Foreign Territory through Indian restaurants
 chain&#13;retail grocers
 liquor stores

 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;North American Territory&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Foreign Territory&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Corporate &lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;and Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 48%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;14
806
700&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;21
611
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;36
418
200&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Operating income (loss)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(1
037
400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;771
800&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(265
600&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Identifiable assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;12
736
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4
414
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
116
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;19
267
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Depreciation and amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;677
800&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;427
600&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
105
400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Capital expenditures&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;342
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;477
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;819

 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;North American Territory&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Foreign Territory&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Corporate &lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;and Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 48%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;17
319
600&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;23
016
300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;40
335
900&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Operating income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;239
300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;695
900&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;935
200&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Identifiable assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;12
775
100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4
440
800&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3
035
600&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;20
251
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Depreciation and amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;616
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;432
100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
048
100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Capital expenditures&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
086
600&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;416
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
503


&#13;UBIUK
 has cumulative losses of approximately $1
717
400 as of December 31
 2013. Under KBEL&amp;#146;s line of credit agreement with&#13;RBS
 distributions and other payments to the Company from its subsidiary are not permitted if the subsidiary&amp;#146;s retained earnings&#13;drop below $1
657

700&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;123
200&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Accounts receivable
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
512
300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
531
700&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Inventories&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
217
300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
910
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Other current assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;165
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;111
900&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total current assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4
008
800&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4
677
300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Investment in subsidiary&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
225
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
225
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Property and equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;10
519
200&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;10
864
600&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Intercompany receivable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;716
700&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;471
400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Other assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;324
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;268
800&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;16
794
200&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;17
507
100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Line of credit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
517
200&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
887
700&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Accounts payable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
524
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
584
300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Accrued liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
001
700&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;884
300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Current maturities of debt and capital leases&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4
453
300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;453
100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total current liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;9
496
700&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4
809
400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Long-term debt and capital leases&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;17
700&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3
982
400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Notes to related parties&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3
497
900&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3
407
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;13
012
300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;12
198
800&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Stockholders&amp;#146; equity&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Common stock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;15
100
300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;15
100
300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Preferred stock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;227
600&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;227
600&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Accumulated deficit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(11
546
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(10
019
600&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total stockholders&amp;#146; equity&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3
781
900&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5
308
300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total liabilities and stockholders&amp;#146; equity&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;16
794
200&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;17
507

024
400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;16
228
300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Cost of goods sold&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;11
354
400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;12
383
900&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Selling
 marketing
 and retail expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
710
600&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
754
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;General and administrative expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
094
200&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
984
600&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Income (loss) from operations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(1
134
800&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;105
300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Other income and (expense)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Interest expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(448
200&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(380
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Loss on disposal of assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(77
600&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Other income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;138
300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;196
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Provision for taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(4
100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(2
700&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(391
600&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(186
200&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Net loss&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(1
526
400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(80

800&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;583
700&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Cash flow from investing activities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Purchase of property and equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(342
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(1
086
600&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Proceeds from sale of equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Net cash flows from investing&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(342
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(1
081
600&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Cash flow from financing activities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Net borrowings (repayments) on line of credit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(370
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;992
400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Borrowings on long term debt&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;539
700&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;184
700&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Repayment of long-term debt&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(524
100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(456
800&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Payment on obligations under capital leases&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(3
100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(46
400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Net change in intercompany payable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(245
300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(240
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Net cash flows from financing activities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(603
300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;433
900&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Cash
 beginning of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;123
200&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;187
200&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Cash
 end of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;113
700&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;123

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;North American Territory&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Foreign Territory&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Corporate &lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;and Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 48%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;14
806
700&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;21
611
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;36
418
200&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Operating income (loss)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(1
037
400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;771
800&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(265
600&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Identifiable assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;12
736
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4
414
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
116
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;19
267
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Depreciation and amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;677
800&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;427
600&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
105
400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Capital expenditures&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;342
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;477
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;819

 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;North American Territory&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Foreign Territory&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Corporate &lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;and Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 48%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;17
319
600&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;23
016
300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;40
335
900&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Operating income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;239
300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;695
900&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;935
200&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Identifiable assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;12
775
100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4
440
800&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3
035
600&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;20
251
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Depreciation and amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;616
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;432
100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
048
100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Capital expenditures&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
086
600&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;416
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
503


 Inc.
 was formed&#13;in 1983 in California
 and has two operating subsidiaries: Releta Brewing Company
 LLC
 (&amp;#147;Releta&amp;#148;)
 and United Breweries&#13;International (UK) Limited (&amp;#147;UBIUK&amp;#148;). In the United States (&amp;#147;US&amp;#148;)
 MBC and its subsidiary
 Releta
 operate&#13;two breweries that produce beer for the specialty &amp;#147;craft&amp;#148; segment of the beer market. The breweries are located in&#13;Ukiah
 California and Saratoga Springs
 New York. The majority of sales for Mendocino Brewing Company in the US are in California.&#13;The Company brews several brands
 of which Red Tail Ale is the flagship brand. In addition
 the Company performs contract brewing&#13;for several other brands
 and MBC holds the license to distribute Kingfisher Premium Lager Beer in the US and Canada. Generally
&#13;product shipments are made directly from the breweries to the wholesalers or distributors in accordance with state and local laws.&#13;In these notes
 the term &amp;#147;the Company&amp;#148; and its variants and the terms &amp;#147;we
&amp;#148; &amp;#147;us
&amp;#148; and &amp;#147;our&amp;#148;&#13;and their variants are generally used to refer to Mendocino Brewing Company
 Inc. together with its subsidiaries
 while the term&#13;&amp;#147;MBC&amp;#148; is used to refer to Mendocino Brewing Company

 UBIUK
 is a holding company for Kingfisher Beer Europe Limited (&amp;#147;KBEL&amp;#148;). KBEL is a distributor of Kingfisher&#13;Premium Lager Beer
 in the United Kingdom and Europe. The distributorship is located in Maidstone

 but before financial statements are issued for periods ending on such balance sheet&#13;dates

 Inc.
 and its wholly-owned subsidiaries
 Releta and UBIUK. All material intracompany&#13;and inter-company balances

 2013 and 2012 have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States.&#13;The financial statements and notes are representations of the management and the Board of Directors



 export duties
 or government regulations

&#13;subject to established credit limits
 and generally no collateral is required. The allowance for doubtful accounts is the Company&amp;#146;s&#13;best estimate of the amount of probable credit losses in the Company&amp;#146;s existing accounts receivable; however

 past transaction&#13;history with the customer
 current economic and industry trends and changes in customer payment terms. Past due balances over 90&#13;days and other higher risk amounts are reviewed individually for collectibility. If the financial condition of the Company&amp;#146;s&#13;customers were to deteriorate
 adversely affecting their ability to make payments
 additional allowances would be required. Based&#13;on management&amp;#146;s assessment
 the Company provides for estimated uncollectible amounts through a charge to earnings and a credit&#13;to a valuation allowance. Balances that remain outstanding after the Company has used reasonable collection efforts are written&#13;off through a charge to the valuation allowance and a credit to accounts receivable. The Company had allowances of $68
200 and&#13;$207
800 for doubtful accounts receivable as of December 31
 2013 and 2012

 which approximates the first-in
 first-out method
 or market (net realizable value). The Company regularly reviews its inventories&#13;for the presence of obsolete product attributed to age

 other receivables

 accelerated depreciation methods) for tax purposes where appropriate. Costs of maintenance and repairs are&#13;charged to expense as incurred; significant renewals and betterments are capitalized. When property and equipment are retired
&#13;sold
 or otherwise disposed of

 (Accounting for&#13;the Impairment and Disposal of Long-Lived Assets). The Company reviews the carrying value of property and equipment and any other&#13;long-lived assets for impairment annually or whenever events and circumstances indicate that the carrying value of an asset may&#13;not be recoverable from the estimated future cash flows expected to result from its use and eventual disposition. In cases where&#13;undiscounted expected future cash flows are less than the carrying value
 an impairment loss is recognized equal to an amount by&#13;which the carrying value exceeds the fair value of assets. The factors considered by management in performing this assessment include&#13;current operating results
 trends
 and prospects
 as well as the effects of obsolescence
 demand
 competition
 and other economic&#13;factors. Long-lived assets that management commits to sell or abandon are reported at the lower of carrying amount or fair value&#13;less cost to sell. During the year ended December 31

 any unamortized financing costs are removed from&#13;the related accounts and charged to operations. Deferred financing costs related to borrowing made in June 2011 were $225
000.&#13;Amortization of deferred financing costs charged to operations was $45
000 for the years ended December 31

 deferred taxes are provided for the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying&#13;amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. Deferred tax assets&#13;and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary&#13;differences are expected to be recovered or settled. Deferred tax assets are recognized for deductible temporary differences and&#13;operating loss





 including beer. For brewers producing less than 2.0 million barrels of beer per calendar year
&#13;the federal excise tax is $7 per barrel on the first 60
000 barrels of beer removed for consumption or sale during a calendar year
&#13;and $18 per barrel for each barrel in excess of 60
000. Individual states also impose excise taxes on alcoholic beverages in varying&#13;amounts
 which have also been subject to change. Sales as presented in the Company&amp;#146;s statements of operations reflect the&#13;amount invoiced to the Company&amp;#146;s wholesalers and other customers. Excise taxes due to federal and state agencies are not&#13;collected from the Company&amp;#146;s customers
 but rather are the responsibility of the Company. Net sales
 as presented in the&#13;Company&amp;#146;s statements of operations
 are reduced by applicable federal and state excise taxes. In the UK

 the Company regularly offers price discounts to distributors and retailers in&#13;most of its markets. Sales for the years 2013 and 2012
 as presented in the Company&amp;#146;s statements of operations
 are reduced&#13;by $1
165
100 and $1
330
800 respectively

 the Company analyzes actual chargeback amounts and applies historical chargeback rates to estimate&#13;potential chargeback. The Company routinely assesses its experience with distributors and adjusts the reserves accordingly. If&#13;actual chargebacks and other rebates are greater than the Company&amp;#146;s estimates

 with the first and fourth quarters historically being the slowest and the rest of the year generating stronger sales.&#13;The volume of sales may also be affected by weather conditions. Because of the seasonality of the Company&amp;#146;s business



 distribution and administrative expenses. These costs are considered&#13;marketing related because in addition to product delivery
 wholesalers provide marketing and other customer service functions to&#13;customers including product display
 shelf space management
 distribution of promotional materials
 and product rotation. Shipping&#13;costs included in marketing expense totaled $911
200 and $914
200
 for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012

 the effect of any potentially dilutive securities would have been anti-dilutive. Therefore
 the conversion of&#13;the related party notes has been excluded from the calculation of net earnings per share for the year ended December 31

900&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;558
400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Weighted average common shares outstanding&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;12
611
133&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;12
611
133&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Basic net income (loss) per share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(0.07&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.04&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Interest expense on convertible notes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#151;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;91
300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Income (loss) for purpose of computing diluted net income per share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(876
900&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;649
700&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Incremental shares from assumed exercise of dilutive securities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#151;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
288
102&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Dilutive potential common shares&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;12
611
133&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;14
899

 where the local currency
 UK Pound Sterling
 is the functional currency. Financial statements of these subsidiaries are translated&#13;into U.S. dollars using period-end exchange rates for assets and liabilities and average exchange rates during the period for revenues&#13;and expenses. Cumulative translation adjustments associated with net assets or liabilities are reported in non-owner changes in&#13;equity. Any exchange rate gains or losses related to foreign currency transactions are recognized in the income statement as incurred
&#13;in the same financial statement caption as the underlying transaction

 2013 and 2012

 liabilities
 revenues and expenses
 and disclosure of contingent assets&#13;and liabilities. The amounts estimated could differ from actual results. Significant estimates include
 allowance for doubtful&#13;accounts
 depreciation and amortization periods

600 and $900
700 for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012


 2013 and 2012

 which consist primarily of cash and cash equivalents
 accounts receivable
 other current assets
 accounts payable&#13;and accrued expenses
 approximate the fair value of the respective assets and liabilities at December 31
 2013 and December 31
&#13;2012 based upon the short-term nature of the assets and liabilities. Based on borrowing rates currently available to the Company&#13;for loans with similar terms

 tavern and tasting room operations in the US and Canada (the &amp;#147;North American&#13;Territory&amp;#148;) and (ii) distributor operations in Europe (including Austria
 Belgium
 Denmark
 Ireland
 Italy
 the Netherlands
&#13;France
 Finland
 Germany
 Greece
 Iceland
 Liechtenstein
 Luxembourg
 Norway
 Portugal
 Spain
 Sweden
 Switzerland
 and the United&#13;Kingdom) (the &amp;#147;Foreign Territory&amp;#148;). The Company evaluates performance based on net operating profit. Where applicable
&#13;portions of the administrative function expenses are allocated between the operating segments. The operating segments do not share&#13;manufacturing or distribution facilities. In the event any materials and/or services are provided to one operating segment by the&#13;other
 the transaction is valued according to the Company&amp;#146;s transfer policy
 which approximates market price. The costs of&#13;operating the manufacturing plants are captured discretely within each segment. The Company&amp;#146;s property
 plant and equipment
&#13;inventory

 the Financial Accounting&#13;Standards Board (&amp;#147;FASB&amp;#148;) issued Accounting Standards Update (&amp;#147;ASU&amp;#148;) No. 2013-02
 Reporting of Amounts Reclassified&#13;Out of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income requiring new disclosures regarding reclassification adjustments from accumulated&#13;other comprehensive income (&amp;#147;AOCI&amp;#148;). ASU No. 2013-02 requires disclosure of amounts reclassified out of AOCI in its&#13;entirety
 by component
 on the face of the statement of operations or in the notes. The standard is effective for fiscal years&#13;beginning after December 15

 the FASB issued guidance on the&#13;financial statement presentation of an unrecognized tax benefit when a net operating loss carryforward
 a similar tax loss
 or&#13;a tax credit carryforward exists. The guidance is effective prospectively for fiscal years
 and interim periods within those years
&#13;beginning after December 15
 2013

 the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants&#13;(&amp;#147;AICPA&amp;#148;)


 Inc.
 was formed&#13;in 1983 in California
 and has two operating subsidiaries: Releta Brewing Company
 LLC
 (&amp;#147;Releta&amp;#148;)
 and United Breweries&#13;International (UK) Limited (&amp;#147;UBIUK&amp;#148;). In the United States (&amp;#147;US&amp;#148;)
 MBC and its subsidiary
 Releta
 operate&#13;two breweries that produce beer for the specialty &amp;#147;craft&amp;#148; segment of the beer market. The breweries are located in&#13;Ukiah
 California and Saratoga Springs
 New York. The majority of sales for Mendocino Brewing Company in the US are in California.&#13;The Company brews several brands
 of which Red Tail Ale is the flagship brand. In addition
 the Company performs contract brewing&#13;for several other brands
 and MBC holds the license to distribute Kingfisher Premium Lager Beer in the US and Canada. Generally
&#13;product shipments are made directly from the breweries to the wholesalers or distributors in accordance with state and local laws.&#13;In these notes
 the term &amp;#147;the Company&amp;#148; and its variants and the terms &amp;#147;we
&amp;#148; &amp;#147;us
&amp;#148; and &amp;#147;our&amp;#148;&#13;and their variants are generally used to refer to Mendocino Brewing Company
 Inc. together with its subsidiaries
 while the term&#13;&amp;#147;MBC&amp;#148; is used to refer to Mendocino Brewing Company

 UBIUK
 is a holding company for Kingfisher Beer Europe Limited (&amp;#147;KBEL&amp;#148;). KBEL is a distributor of Kingfisher&#13;Premium Lager Beer
 in the United Kingdom and Europe. The distributorship is located in Maidstone


 but before financial statements are issued for periods ending on such balance sheet&#13;dates


 Inc.
 and its wholly-owned subsidiaries
 Releta and UBIUK. All material intracompany&#13;and inter-company balances


 2013 and 2012 have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States.&#13;The financial statements and notes are representations of the management and the Board of Directors

    




 which approximates the first-in
 first-out method
 or market (net realizable value). The Company regularly reviews its inventories&#13;for the presence of obsolete product attributed to age


 any unamortized financing costs are&#13;removed from the related accounts and charged to operations. Deferred financing costs related to borrowing made in June 2011 were&#13;$225
000. Amortization of deferred financing costs charged to operations was $45
000 for the years ended December 31


 deferred taxes are provided for the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying&#13;amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. Deferred tax assets&#13;and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary&#13;differences are expected to be recovered or settled. Deferred tax assets are recognized for deductible temporary differences and&#13;operating loss







 the effect of any potentially dilutive securities would have been anti-dilutive. Therefore
 the conversion of&#13;the related party notes has been excluded from the calculation of net earnings per share for the year ended December 31

900&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;558
400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Weighted average common shares outstanding&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;12
611
133&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;12
611
133&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Basic net income (loss) per share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(0.07&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.04&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Interest expense on convertible notes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#151;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;91
300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Income (loss) for purpose of computing diluted net income per share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(876
900&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;649
700&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Incremental shares from assumed exercise of dilutive securities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#151;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
288
102&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Dilutive potential common shares&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;12
611
133&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;14
899


 where the local currency
 UK Pound Sterling
 is the functional currency. Financial statements of these subsidiaries are translated&#13;into U.S. dollars using period-end exchange rates for assets and liabilities and average exchange rates during the period for revenues&#13;and expenses. Cumulative translation adjustments associated with net assets or liabilities are reported in non-owner changes in&#13;equity. Any exchange rate gains or losses related to foreign currency transactions are recognized in the income statement as incurred
&#13;in the same financial statement caption as the underlying transaction

 2013 and 2012


 liabilities
 revenues and expenses
 and disclosure of contingent assets&#13;and liabilities. The amounts estimated could differ from actual results. Significant estimates include
 allowance for doubtful&#13;accounts
 depreciation and amortization periods

    

 tavern and tasting room operations in the US and Canada (the &amp;#147;North American&#13;Territory&amp;#148;) and (ii) distributor operations in Europe (including Austria
 Belgium
 Denmark
 Ireland
 Italy
 the Netherlands
&#13;France
 Finland
 Germany
 Greece
 Iceland
 Liechtenstein
 Luxembourg
 Norway
 Portugal
 Spain
 Sweden
 Switzerland
 and the United&#13;Kingdom) (the &amp;#147;Foreign Territory&amp;#148;). The Company evaluates performance based on net operating profit. Where applicable
&#13;portions of the administrative function expenses are allocated between the operating segments. The operating segments do not share&#13;manufacturing or distribution facilities. In the event any materials and/or services are provided to one operating segment by&#13;the other
 the transaction is valued according to the Company&amp;#146;s transfer policy
 which approximates market price. The costs&#13;of operating the manufacturing plants are captured discretely within each segment. The Company&amp;#146;s property
 plant and equipment
&#13;inventory


900&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;558
400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Weighted average common shares outstanding&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;12
611
133&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;12
611
133&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Basic net income (loss) per share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(0.07&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.04&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Interest expense on convertible notes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#151;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;91
300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Income (loss) for purpose of computing diluted net income per share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(876
900&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;649
700&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Incremental shares from assumed exercise of dilutive securities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#151;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
288
102&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Dilutive potential common shares&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;12
611
133&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;14
899


 2011
 MBC and Releta entered into&#13;a Credit and Security Agreement (the &amp;#147;Agreement&amp;#148;) with Cole Taylor Bank
 an Illinois banking corporation (&amp;#147;Cole&#13;Taylor&amp;#148;). The Agreement provides a credit facility with a maturity date of June 23
 2016 of up to $10
000
000 consisting&#13;of a $4
119
000 revolving facility
 a $1
934
000 machinery and equipment term loan
 a $2
947
000 real estate term loan and a $1
000
000&#13;capital expenditure line of credit. A significant portion of the proceeds received under the Agreement were used to repay credit&#13;facilities provided by Marquette Business Credit
 Inc. and Grand Pacific Financing Corporation. Convertible promissory notes issued&#13;to United Breweries of America
 Inc. (&amp;#147;UBA&amp;#148;)
 one of the Company&amp;#146;s principal shareholders

&#13;2013
 MBC
 Releta
 and Cole Taylor entered into a First Amendment (the &amp;#147;Amendment&amp;#148;) to the Agreement to clarify the&#13;method by which the fixed charge coverage ratio is calculated

 2013 onwards fell short of the required ratio. The tangible net worth fell short&#13;of the required amount for the period beginning June 1

 2013

 upon the occurrence&#13;of an event of default
 all of MBC&amp;#146;s and Releta&amp;#146;s obligations under the Agreement may
 at the option of Cole Taylor
&#13;be declared
 and immediately shall become
 due and payable
 without notice of any kind. The event of default shall be deemed continuing&#13;until waived in writing by Cole Taylor. The Default Notice states that Cole Taylor has elected to charge a default interest rate&#13;equal to two percent (2%) per annum in excess of the interest rate otherwise payable under the Agreement effective September 1
&#13;2013. The Company estimates that the increased rate currently results in approximately $120
000 additional annual interest expense.&#13;Cole Taylor has not waived the events of default described in the Default Notice and has reserved all other available rights and&#13;remedies under the Agreement
 certain other related documents and applicable law. Cole Taylor could declare the full amount owed&#13;under the Agreement due and payable at any time for any reason or no reason. The Company has not received any notice or other communication&#13;from Cole Taylor that it intends to exercise any of the remedies available to it under the Agreement in connection with the events&#13;of default. The exercise of additional remedies by Cole Taylor may have a material adverse effect on the Company&amp;#146;s financial&#13;condition and the Company&amp;#146;s ability to continue to operate. If it becomes necessary for MBC and Releta to seek additional&#13;financing

 2013
 the fixed charge coverage&#13;ratio was required to be 1.10 to 1. The Company calculated that the fixed charge coverage ratio as of December 31
 2013 was -0.58&#13;to 1. The Company calculated that the required tangible net worth of MBC and Releta was $6
181
400 as of December 31
 2013 and&#13;the actual tangible net worth on such date was $4
848

 lines of credit
 other&#13;credit facilities and lease agreements which are currently outstanding (collectively
 &amp;#147;Indebtedness&amp;#148;). We currently&#13;make timely payments of principal and interest relating to the Indebtedness as they fall due and anticipate that we will continue&#13;to make such timely payments in the immediate future. However
 if we fail to maintain any of the financial covenants under the&#13;various agreements governing Indebtedness (such as the default under the Agreement described above)
 fail to make timely payments&#13;of amounts due under the Indebtedness
 or commit any other breach resulting in an event of default under the agreements governing&#13;Indebtedness
 such events of default (including cross-defaults) could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition.&#13;If our existing debt were accelerated and terminated
 we would need to obtain replacement financing
 the lack of which would have&#13;a material adverse effect on our financial condition and ability to continue operations. In addition

 2013
 we had cash and cash&#13;equivalents of $324
800
 an accumulated deficit of $14
707
600
 and a working capital deficit of $6
334

 2013
 United Breweries Holding&#13;Limited (&amp;#147;UBHL&amp;#148;)
 Company&amp;#146;s indirect majority shareholder issued a letter of financial support on behalf of MBC&#13;(the &amp;#147;Letter of Support&amp;#148;) to MBC&amp;#146;s accountants to confirm that UBHL had agreed to provide funding on an as needed&#13;basis to ensure that MBC is able to meet its financial obligations when they fall due. The Letter of Support do not specify either&#13;the terms of UBHL&amp;#146;s support
 or a maximum dollar limit. UBHL&amp;#146;s financial support is contingent upon compliance with&#13;any applicable exchange control requirements and other applicable laws and regulations relating to the transfer of funds from India.&#13;The MBC Letter of Support was issued for a period through December 31
 2014
 but
 if necessary
 management intends to seek UBHL&amp;#146;s&#13;consent to extend the stated support. UBHL controls the Company&amp;#146;s two largest shareholders
 UBA and Inversiones Mirabel S.A.
&#13;and as such
 UBHL is the Company&amp;#146;s indirect majority shareholder. The Chairman of the Company&amp;#146;s Board of Directors
&#13;Dr. Vijay Mallya

 2013 from UBHL expressing its willingness to commit to invest $2
000

 2014
 including reducing discretionary expenditures
 expanding business&#13;in new territories

 it may result in a material&#13;adverse effect on our financial position and on our ability to continue operations. In addition


 consisting of materials
 materials&#13;overhead
 labor
 and manufacturing overhead

000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;807
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Work-in-progress&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;357
700&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;323
600&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Finished goods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;967
600&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;732
300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Merchandise&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;103
700&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;47
600&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
242
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
910


 consisting of materials
 materials&#13;overhead
 labor
 and manufacturing overhead

000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;807
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Work-in-progress&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;357
700&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;323
600&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Finished goods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;967
600&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;732
300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Merchandise&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;103
700&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;47
600&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
242
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
910


 Cole Taylor provided a line of&#13;credit drawable up to 85% of eligible receivables and 60% of eligible inventory for a period up to June 2016. The borrowings are&#13;collateralized
 with recourse
 by MBC&amp;#146;s and Releta&amp;#146;s trade receivables and inventory located in the US. This facility&#13;carries interest at a rate of either LIBOR plus 3.5% or prime plus 1% and is secured by substantially all of the assets
 excluding&#13;real property
 of Releta and MBC. The amount outstanding on this line of credit as of December 31
 2013 was approximately $1
517
200.&#13;Included in the Company&amp;#146;s balance sheet as accounts receivable at December 31
 2013
 are account balances totaling $1
512
300&#13;of accounts receivables and $2
217

 2005
 Royal Bank of Scotland&#13;Commercial Services Limited (&amp;#147;RBS&amp;#148;) provided an invoice discounting facility to KBEL for a maximum amount of &amp;#163;1
750
000&#13;based on 80% prepayment against qualified accounts receivable related to KBEL&amp;#146;s UK customers. The initial term of the facility&#13;was for a one year period after which time the facility could be terminated by either party by providing the other party with&#13;six months&amp;#146; notice. The facility carries an interest rate of 1.38% above the RBS base rate and a service charge of 0.10%&#13;of each invoice discounted. The amount outstanding on this line of credit as of December 31
 2013 was approximately $727

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 72%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Loan from Cole Taylor
 payable in monthly installments of $12
300
 plus interest at prime plus 4% with a balloon payment of approximately $2
210
300 in June 2016; secured by real property at Ukiah.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
570
900&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
718
300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Loan from Cole Taylor
 payable in monthly installments of $23
000 including interest at prime plus 3.5% with a balloon payment of approximately $552
600 in June 2016; secured by all assets of Releta and MBC
 excluding real property at Ukiah.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
877
100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
714
100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4
448
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4
432
400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Less current maturities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4
448
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;450
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3
982


&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 72%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Loan from Cole Taylor
 payable in monthly installments of $12
300
 plus interest at prime plus 4% with a balloon payment of approximately $2
210
300 in June 2016; secured by real property at Ukiah.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
570
900&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
718
300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Loan from Cole Taylor
 payable in monthly installments of $23
000 including interest at prime plus 3.5% with a balloon payment of approximately $552
600 in June 2016; secured by all assets of Releta and MBC
 excluding real property at Ukiah.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
877
100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
714
100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4
448
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4
432
400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Less current maturities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4
448
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;450
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3
982

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

 including malt and hops for beer. The Company fulfills its commodities&#13;requirements through purchases from various sources

&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 76%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 20%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
938
800&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
938

 and such assessment inherently involves an exercise of judgment. In assessing&#13;loss contingencies related to legal proceedings that are pending against the Company or unasserted claims that may result in such&#13;proceedings

 then the estimated&#13;liability would be accrued in the Company&amp;#146;s financial statements. If the assessment indicates that a potentially material&#13;loss contingency is not probable
 but is reasonably possible
 or is probable but cannot be estimated
 then the nature of the contingent&#13;liability
 together with an estimate of the range of possible loss if determinable and material
 would be disclosed. Loss contingencies&#13;considered remote are generally not disclosed unless they involve guarantees

 individually or in the aggregate

 non-cancelable operating lease agreements. The leases expire at various dates&#13;through 2019 and provide for renewal options ranging from month-to-month to five years. In the normal course of business
 it is&#13;expected that these leases will be renewed or replaced by leases on similar properties. The leases provide for increases in future&#13;minimum annual rental payments based on defined increases which are generally meant to correlate with the Consumer Price Index
&#13;subject to certain minimum increases. Also
 the agreements generally require the Company to pay certain costs (real estate taxes

 California; land at its Saratoga Springs
 New York
 facility; a building&#13;in the UK; and certain equipment. The New York lease includes renewal options for three additional five-year periods beginning&#13;in 2014
 which the Company intends to exercise
 and some leases are adjusted annually for changes in the consumer price index.&#13;Rent expense charged to operations was $359
300 and $324
400 for the years ended December 31

&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 76%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 20%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;400
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;310
200&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;215
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;195
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;191
600&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Thereafter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;103
800&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
416

 the Company renewed the&#13;keg management agreement with MicroStar Keg Management LLC. Under this arrangement
 MicroStar provides all kegs for which the&#13;Company pays a service fee depending on the applicable territory. The agreement is effective for five years ending in September&#13;2014. If the agreement is terminated
 the Company is required to purchase four times the average monthly keg usage for the preceding&#13;six-month period from MicroStar. The Company expects to continue this relationship. Rental expense associated with this agreement&#13;was $102
000 and $82
100 for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012


 which owns approximately 25% of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock. KBEL had significant transactions with Shepherd&#13;Neame
 Ltd.
 which is a related party to a former Board member. KBEL also had significant transactions with HUK
 a related party&#13;with respect to one of MBC&amp;#146;s Board members. The following table reflects balances outstanding as of December 31
 2013 and&#13;2012 and the value of the transactions with these related parties for the years ended December 31

400
400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3
527
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Purchases from Shepherd Neame Ltd.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;11
367
700&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;16
192
200&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Expenses reimbursement to Shepherd Neame Ltd.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;865
100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
030
900&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Purchases from HUK&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3
006
100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#151;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Expenses reimbursement to HUK&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;375
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#151;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Interest expenses associated with UBA notes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;90
900&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;91
300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Interest paid to Shepherd Neame Ltd.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;ACCOUNT BALANCES&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Accounts payable and accrued liabilities to Shepherd Neame Ltd.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;70
400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3
894
900&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Accounts receivable and prepayments to Shepherd Neame Ltd.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;356
300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Accounts payable and accrued liabilities to HUK&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
746

800 and $114
000 for the years&#13;ended December 31


 2013 and 2012 and the value of the transactions with these related parties for the years ended December 31

400
400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3
527
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Purchases from Shepherd Neame Ltd.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;11
367
700&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;16
192
200&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Expenses reimbursement to Shepherd Neame Ltd.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;865
100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
030
900&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Purchases from HUK&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3
006
100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#151;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Expenses reimbursement to HUK&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;375
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#151;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Interest expenses associated with UBA notes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;90
900&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;91
300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Interest paid to Shepherd Neame Ltd.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;ACCOUNT BALANCES&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Accounts payable and accrued liabilities to Shepherd Neame Ltd.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;70
400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3
894
900&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Accounts receivable and prepayments to Shepherd Neame Ltd.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;356
300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Accounts payable and accrued liabilities to HUK&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
746


 but not to exceed 10% per&#13;year) of $3
497
900 and $3
407
000 as of December 31
 2013 and 2012. Thirteen of the UBA notes are convertible into common stock&#13;at $1.50 per share and one UBA note is convertible at a rate of $1.44 per share. The UBA notes have been extended until June 2014&#13;but have automatic renewals after such maturity date for successive one year terms
 provided that either the Company or UBA may&#13;elect not to extend the term upon written notice given to the other party no more than 60 days and no fewer than 30 days prior&#13;to the expiration of such term. UBA may demand payment within 60 days of the end of the extension period but is precluded from&#13;doing so because the notes are subordinated to long-term debt agreements with Cole Taylor maturing in June 2016. Therefore
 the&#13;Company will not require the use of working capital to repay any of the UBA notes until the Cole Taylor facilities are repaid.&#13;The UBA notes included $1
582
500 and $1
491
600 of accrued interest at December 31
 2013 and December 31
 2012

    
    
    
    
    
    

 provided that either we or UBA may elect&#13;not to extend the term upon written notice given to the other party no more than 60 days and no fewer than 30 days prior to the&#13;expiration of the applicable term. Under the terms of the UBA Notes
 UBA may demand payment within 60 days following the end of&#13;the extension period
 but UBA has agreed to subordinate the UBA Notes to our long-term debt agreements with Cole Taylor

    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

 at cost less accumulated depreciation

468
400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;11
772
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Buildings&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;7
218
900&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;7
222
100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Equipment under capital lease&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;23
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;183
700&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Land&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;810
900&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;810
900&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Leasehold improvements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
397
200&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
459
600&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Vehicles&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;111
200&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;190
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Furniture and fixtures&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;352
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;359
600&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Equipment in progress&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;217
800&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;663
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;22
599
900&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;22
661
400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Accumulated depreciation and amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(10
935
100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(10
724
200&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;11
664
800&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;11
937

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

 of which 227
600 are designated as Series A. Series A shareholders are entitled to receive cash dividends and/or&#13;liquidation proceeds equal
 in the aggregate
 to $1.00 per share before any cash dividends are paid on the common stock or any&#13;other series of preferred stock. When the entire Series A dividend/liquidation proceeds have been paid


572
100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5
282
300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Depreciation and amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(1
653
800&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(1
827
900&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;80
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;103
600&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Subtotal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3
998
800&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3
558
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Less valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(3
998
800&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(3
558
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Change in valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;440
800&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(139

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    


 export duties
 or government regulations


&#13;subject to established credit limits
 and generally no collateral is required. The allowance for doubtful accounts is the Company&amp;#146;s&#13;best estimate of the amount of probable credit losses in the Company&amp;#146;s existing accounts receivable; however

 past transaction&#13;history with the customer
 current economic and industry trends and changes in customer payment terms. Past due balances over&#13;90 days and other higher risk amounts are reviewed individually for collectibility. If the financial condition of the Company&amp;#146;s&#13;customers were to deteriorate
 adversely affecting their ability to make payments
 additional allowances would be required. Based&#13;on management&amp;#146;s assessment
 the Company provides for estimated uncollectible amounts through a charge to earnings and a&#13;credit to a valuation allowance. Balances that remain outstanding after the Company has used reasonable collection efforts are&#13;written off through a charge to the valuation allowance and a credit to accounts receivable. The Company had allowances of $68
200&#13;and $207
800 for doubtful accounts receivable as of December 31
 2013 and 2012


 other receivables


 accelerated depreciation methods) for tax purposes where appropriate. Costs of maintenance and repairs are&#13;charged to expense as incurred; significant renewals and betterments are capitalized. When property and equipment are retired
&#13;sold
 or otherwise disposed of

 (Accounting for&#13;the Impairment and Disposal of Long-Lived Assets). The Company reviews the carrying value of property and equipment and any other&#13;long-lived assets for impairment annually or whenever events and circumstances indicate that the carrying value of an asset may&#13;not be recoverable from the estimated future cash flows expected to result from its use and eventual disposition. In cases where&#13;undiscounted expected future cash flows are less than the carrying value
 an impairment loss is recognized equal to an amount&#13;by which the carrying value exceeds the fair value of assets. The factors considered by management in performing this assessment&#13;include current operating results
 trends
 and prospects
 as well as the effects of obsolescence
 demand
 competition
 and other&#13;economic factors. Long-lived assets that management commits to sell or abandon are reported at the lower of carrying amount or&#13;fair value less cost to sell. During the year ended December 31


 including beer. For brewers producing less than 2.0 million barrels of beer per calendar year
&#13;the federal excise tax is $7 per barrel on the first 60
000 barrels of beer removed for consumption or sale during a calendar&#13;year
 and $18 per barrel for each barrel in excess of 60
000. Individual states also impose excise taxes on alcoholic beverages&#13;in varying amounts
 which have also been subject to change. Sales as presented in the Company&amp;#146;s statements of operations&#13;reflect the amount invoiced to the Company&amp;#146;s wholesalers and other customers. Excise taxes due to federal and state agencies&#13;are not collected from the Company&amp;#146;s customers
 but rather are the responsibility of the Company. Net sales
 as presented&#13;in the Company&amp;#146;s statements of operations
 are reduced by applicable federal and state excise taxes. In the UK


 the Company regularly offers price discounts to distributors and retailers in&#13;most of its markets. Sales for the years 2013 and 2012
 as presented in the Company&amp;#146;s statements of operations
 are reduced&#13;by $1
165
100 and $1
330
800 respectively


 the Company analyzes actual chargeback amounts and applies historical chargeback rates to estimate&#13;potential chargeback. The Company routinely assesses its experience with distributors and adjusts the reserves accordingly. If&#13;actual chargebacks and other rebates are greater than the Company&amp;#146;s estimates


 with the first and fourth quarters historically being the slowest and the rest of the year generating stronger&#13;sales. The volume of sales may also be affected by weather conditions. Because of the seasonality of the Company&amp;#146;s business





 distribution and administrative expenses. These costs are considered&#13;marketing related because in addition to product delivery
 wholesalers provide marketing and other customer service functions&#13;to customers including product display
 shelf space management
 distribution of promotional materials
 and product rotation. Shipping&#13;costs included in marketing expense totaled $911
200 and $914
200
 for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012


600 and $900
700 for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012



 2013 and 2012

 which consist primarily of cash and cash equivalents
 accounts receivable
 other current assets
 accounts payable&#13;and accrued expenses
 approximate the fair value of the respective assets and liabilities at December 31
 2013 and December 31
&#13;2012 based upon the short-term nature of the assets and liabilities. Based on borrowing rates currently available to the Company&#13;for loans with similar terms


 the Financial Accounting&#13;Standards Board (&amp;#147;FASB&amp;#148;) issued Accounting Standards Update (&amp;#147;ASU&amp;#148;) No. 2013-02
 Reporting of Amounts Reclassified&#13;Out of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income requiring new disclosures regarding reclassification adjustments from accumulated&#13;other comprehensive income (&amp;#147;AOCI&amp;#148;). ASU No. 2013-02 requires disclosure of amounts reclassified out of AOCI in its&#13;entirety
 by component
 on the face of the statement of operations or in the notes. The standard is effective for fiscal years&#13;beginning after December 15

 the FASB issued guidance on the&#13;financial statement presentation of an unrecognized tax benefit when a net operating loss carryforward
 a similar tax loss
 or&#13;a tax credit carryforward exists. The guidance is effective prospectively for fiscal years
 and interim periods within those years
&#13;beginning after December 15
 2013

 the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants&#13;(&amp;#147;AICPA&amp;#148;)

    
    
    
    
    

 the federal excise tax is $7 per barrel on the first 60
000 barrels of beer removed for consumption&#13;or sale during a calendar year
 and $18 per barrel for each barrel in excess of 60

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

 at cost less accumulated depreciation

468
400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;11
772
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Buildings&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;7
218
900&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;7
222
100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Equipment under capital lease&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;23
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;183
700&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Land&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;810
900&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;810
900&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Leasehold improvements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
397
200&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
459
600&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Vehicles&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;111
200&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;190
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Furniture and fixtures&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;352
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;359
600&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Equipment in progress&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;217
800&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;663
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;22
599
900&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;22
661
400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Accumulated depreciation and amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(10
935
100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(10
724
200&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;11
664
800&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;11
937

 2013 and 2012 was $1
105
400 and $1
048
100

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 72%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Loan from Heineken UK Limited
 payable in quarterly installments of $138
100
 plus interest at UK prime plus 5% maturing on October 9
 2016
 secured by licensing rights pursuant to the Sub-License Agreement.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
657
400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
657
400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Less current maturities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;552
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
104

 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 20%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;552
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Year ended December 31
 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;552
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Year ended December 31
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;552

 2013
 KBEL entered into a Loan&#13;Agreement (the &amp;#147;Loan Agreement&amp;#148;) with Heineken UK Limited (&amp;#147;HUK&amp;#148;) pursuant to which HUK provided KBEL&#13;with a secured term loan of &amp;#163;1
000
000 on October 9
 2013 to be repaid in twelve quarterly installment of &amp;#163;83
333.33&#13;each
 commencing from January 9
 2014 along with interest at the rate of 5% above the Bank of England base rate. Prepayment is&#13;permitted. Upon an Event of Default
 as defined in the Loan Agreement
 if HUK and KBEL fail to agree on a payment plan acceptable&#13;to HUK
 HUK may
 among other remedies


 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 20%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;552
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Year ended December 31
 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;552
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Year ended December 31
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;552


&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 72%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Loan from Heineken UK Limited
 payable in quarterly installments of $138
100
 plus interest at UK prime plus 5% maturing on October 9
 2016
 secured by licensing rights pursuant to the Sub-License Agreement.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
657
400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
657
400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Less current maturities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;552
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
104

    
    
    

&#13;vehicles and office equipment under agreements that are classified as capital leases. The future minimum lease payments required&#13;under the capital lease and the present value of the net minimum lease payments as of December 31
 2013

 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;6
400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Year Ending December 31
 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;6
400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Year Ending December 31
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;6
400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Year Ending December 31
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;6
400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;25
600&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Less amounts representing interest&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(2
600&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Present value of minimum lease payments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;23
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Less current maturities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;5
300&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Non-current leases payable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;17


&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 76%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 20%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
938
800&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
938


&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 76%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 20%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;400
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;310
200&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;215
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;195
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;191
600&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Thereafter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;103
800&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
416

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

 and accounts receivable.&#13;Substantially all of the Company&amp;#146;s cash and cash equivalents are deposited with commercial banks that have minimal credit&#13;risk
 in the US and the UK. Accounts receivable are generally unsecured and customers are subject to an initial credit review and&#13;ongoing monitoring. Wholesale distributors account for substantially all accounts receivable; therefore
 this risk concentration&#13;is limited due to the number of distributors and the laws regulating the financial affairs of distributors of alcoholic beverages.&#13;The Company has approximately $211
100 in cash deposits and $2
607
000 of accounts receivable due from customers located in the&#13;UK as of December 31

&#13;work stoppages or other disruptions in production that could adversely affect it. As of December 31
 2013
 a union represented&#13;approximately 18% of the Company&amp;#146;s US-based workforce. On that date
 the Company had approximately fourteen employees at&#13;its California (&amp;#147;CA&amp;#148;) facility who were working under a collective bargaining agreement. The agreement covering the&#13;CA facility expired on July 31

575
900 and $9
245
700 for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
 which represents 21% and 23% of sales for the years&#13;ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively. Gross sales to Shepherd Neame for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012 was&#13;$2
373
400 and $3
527
000


 2013


400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Year Ending December 31

400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Year Ending December 31

400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Year Ending December 31

400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;25





    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
700&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Current provision&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4
100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
700&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Change in deferred income taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total provision for income taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4
100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2


600&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(26
600&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;US State income tax expense (benefit)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(77
200&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;21
800&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;United Kingdom income tax expense (benefit) at 20%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;129
900&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;127
900&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Non deductible expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;23
400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;17
400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4
800&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
800&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Change in valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;440
800&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(139
600&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4
100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2





    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

 2014
 MBC issued a promissory&#13;note (the &amp;#147;Catamaran Note&amp;#148;) to Catamaran Services
 Inc.
 a Delaware corporation (&amp;#147;Catamaran&amp;#148;) in the principal&#13;amount of $500
000. Catamaran Holdings
 Ltd.
 the sole shareholder of Catamaran
 has directors in common with Inversiones
 one&#13;of the major shareholders of MBC. The indirect beneficial owner of Inversiones is UBHL. Dr. Vijay Mallya

&#13;MBC promises to pay the principal sum of $500
000 with accrued interest
 as described below
 to Catamaran within six months following&#13;the date of the Catamaran Note
 subject to the receipt by MBC of an equity investment by its majority shareholder (the &amp;#147;Shareholder&#13;Investment&amp;#148;) in an amount sufficient either (a) to pay the Catamaran Note through Permitted Payments
 as defined below
 or&#13;(b) to pay both the Catamaran Note and certain existing obligations of MBC to Cole Taylor pursuant to the Credit and Security Agreement&#13;dated as of June 23
 2011 (as amended
 modified or supplemented from time to time) among MBC
 Releta
 and Cole Taylor (the &amp;#147;Agreement&amp;#148;)&#13;in full. &amp;#147;Permitted Payments&amp;#148; on the Catamaran Note are payments made from the portion of a Shareholder Investment&#13;that is in excess of $500

 the Catamaran Note shall be automatically extended&#13;for additional six month terms. Interest shall accrue from the date of the Catamaran Note on the unpaid principal at a rate equal&#13;to the lesser of (i) one and one-half percent (1.5%) per annum above the prime rate offered from time to time by the Bank of America&#13;Corporation in San Francisco
 California
 or (ii) ten percent (10%) per annum


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    

    
    
    
    





















	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  






































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      



 Plant and Equipment



      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      






      






      


      


      



 Series A
 no par value
 with liquidation preference of $1 per share; 10
000
000 shares authorized
 227




 no par value 30
000
000 shares authorized
 12
611



      


      


      


      



 Series A








 Series A




 Series A




 Series A



















      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      





      

      

      





      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      










      


      


      


      


      


      

      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      





      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      










      


      


      


      


      


      

      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      





      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      



 plant and equipment



      


 plant and equipment



      










      


      


      






      

      

      


      


      


      





      

      


      


      




      





      

      














      


      






















      


      

      

      


      










      






      






      






















      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      



 cash dividends











      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      










      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      





      

      


      


      


      

      

      


      


      





      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      



 marketing



      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      









      


      





      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      




      

      




      

      

      

      


 Goods


      

      

      

      

      


 Extraordinary Items



 Net of Tax





      

      

      

      

      




      

      

      

      








 Plant and Equipment





      


 Plant and Equipment



 Depletion and Amortization
 Property
 Plant









 Future Minimum Payments



 Future Minimum Payments





      


 Future Minimum Payments Due



 Future Minimum Payments



 Future Minimum Payments



 Future Minimum Payments





      

      

      













      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      


































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































    
  
      

          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        

      






















 2013

          



 2013



          



 2011

          



 2011

          



 2011

          



 2011

          



Credit facility
 maturity date
        

				 2016
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Credit facility
 agreement amount
        

000
000
        
        
        
        
        

119
000

934
000

947
000

000
000


        

000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        

181
400
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        

848
200
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        

800

500

200
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        

707
600

830
700
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        

334
800
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        

000
000
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in CCYY-MM-DD format.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
 -Paragraph 19
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
 -Paragraph 19
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including securities and other assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      










        

300

400



          

        
        


        

000

100




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

Long-Term Debt - Related Party - Summary of Maturities of Long-Term Debt for Succeeding Years (Details) (Loan from Heineken UK Limited Notes With 5% Prime Plus Interest Rate [Member]
 USD $)








          

        


Year ended December 31
 2014

500


Year ended December 31
 2015

500


Year ended December 31
 2016

400




        
          

        
          
            

 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities redeemable at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities redeemable at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities redeemable at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx
M4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0!^TU@]30(``'4I```3``@6T-O;G1E;G1?5'EP97-=
M+GAM;"B!`(HH``````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M``````````````````````````````````````#





MLA8HLA8HLA8HLA8HLA8HLA8HLA8HLI8HLI8HLI8HLI8HLI8HLI8HLI8HLI8H
MLI8HLI8HLBH4616*K`I%5H4BJT*15:'(JE!D52BR*A19%8JL&D56C2*K1I%5

M


`4$L#!!0`!@`(````
M(0U53`C]0```$P```+``@7W)E;',O+G)E;',@H@0**```@``````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````C)+/3L
P#

9


M0'D(J
`F0H!$4'9E*:XL=B=J82?JV8CR$%&!W=P$W-RP(:$0$@U;.PW4#ELZ


S9N7(P68ZM8X



M:^Y





M3HM


MH`YBZ#(.%W69O&S*+*5Q'1NFK)K

MC8

-9/DBKSVC%#NLI#?+J
UY[&JU'`U'U&:H#_=:C@Z32

M/3R9#8V@$R+2%'2


ZD&=6SH/5Z`3(=04=!`:UT&#(@J.
M3Q04_*[04N9;?/L0(=







.^'WM57M8N1I@UC\20

+R%]?E8)NG<^X4%EJR&DH85:S/K42


6Z_Z&M3P/R
O'^;[$S[;(AAJD&_O[<OB0+(G


M@@V-(K.-0FLT7NPG9KUK/-
J)D$2FC.@V1ME%0S;O+EA
]LKM$;CI0E/C=1H
M/`R#DBAF-^GX*+/HU=0L
MLLM`:')FE!-'*?)P8Z21L?91.]V@*S;4)K+FF+
MS9=)S89NH]

MFS2#HYR#YTBLYU:_5?9+&V?`-BDCD%@=I1OE%'SH%&9)]ZE9:=$]J[@K

M]@^J$;N_Z;[

)1




M970U
2YX;6R4EUUOHS@4AN]7VO^`N^?`0)*4B5\[(XT*ZU&,[/7!)P$%3#
M3M/^^SW&A


MD)Y+^@-?_D;%\42AV@Y
B
TKR-\C1#(P%&0TRV%*&2XA`?BO5`5;&6!(^M9=
M+T5.3VO5=C7'

MP:*4IIM5BR\*;`+PD#0IVU)F`
+72G%?A]I]5#JH&1/9

6%+2
01^#\\2+B62)Y1.A@R^`-K#9&QOVPO0J

MDOJZ
6R0;(PM%F_'&4CKH_*&LT0T2\2S1
*)WAA#NZUDP09X&7[=!C9(MF$A


B)DJ)#C!%0V/]9<L[<'Y#<=-U?7M,H7/N/I[@AQ*5L70`#Y@
M3*\W[`'#3Z_-_P```/__`P!02P

M0)6&T5I5VJEJNKAVC$&K&




M:AP02TM,JUV)8&
4B[RA+HS]N504DNYMD%#:&@-C-;9$DTXQL

'EW.O&5]IDK/BE0/`

0%PI


7#_)!CUR


@M+O0Y-ISDK^R#9A'$4T5`RT6+/


\]*4:R


;
K^=X7YZ.OS5_M.7A'IE;;+UJ4WT7+H=BP36X#5DH]..BWTGVX/`D
M^K[?@)\:E;QBF\;^4MNO7*QK[N=@B'G:UX^WW%30$&!)HA3QU2H!A*`7R2%




T\'7B_L

M7IC
S@MG'Q%VX&-AFKT8\HX]9B]



H:[;DV0C49CH(0(]XPE8NFS/#W;YN[*4;&

KQ7;2=Y8;Z)Y32WPFTJTYN0F

JJP

9JL4D\6\R\\/P0_F[!V92AT^:)%_


M3H@.#2PIVFI
M.X+1#)Q/D7F./M8_A0IXSN31N6083CM$8:`\^\5X$L_)'G+*7C7+:TTT5*Q.

X.EOW8+[3?2-(KDN^XG5M
M$%
[U\4QE*.?[2^8Q]B=J8OY)5P\79N2?@$:OZ4E_TQU*1J#:EZ`91A
@$G[
MJ\





AJ*F:\
M90T\V?.NIA(NNX


Y

J2NB!BMWIV'[M/I'EED2NMUGU
M`?U=LK/0OCOBR


1`Z)@LTLZ#%R7@$`?#IUJ:8&)$+?^__G


8G_XXC.)0]A(D

M;9%%UM!E%Q&LS=N^8\)O'TI

M87ZS


=E%0G;AQ)SX*TS96*@=PZ7

$%``&``@````A
M`
&ULC)7;
M;N,@$(;O5]IW0-S7V$[LIE&<*DG5W4I;:;7:PS7!V$8QQ@+2M&^_`R1N#GO(
MC6/@]\\W,PR9W;_*%KUP;83JIQ$
4:\8ZH475W@']\?;R88&4N[DK:JXP5^

%;JSMIX08UG!)3:1ZWL%*I;2D%H:Z)J;7G);^




2`A]];\[4=JFP*
\RF[C40)RM.;&/@IGB1';&JODKR!*



.D%R7?
5;UN#




MA(#3=6E[D0;\^O5SSK%]







%QKKGBO`D&9%`

M)!/1J
I*:Q*-&'N)=\:H%?!YO1E1MCL;V?$22;CJ3RZQEH3^QVDY_C3?OUN
M?*W'+R




`


M\YV0]ZIB3'O@T*H%J;3N9D&@\HHU5/FB8RU$2B$;JN%1;@/5248+.ZBI@S@
MLZAO7H
)-C/$19\IS=BORA8:U&$\EJJH%?5;Q3+VY-/L:NH?+^H;O(1=.!

.=I
`W`

!&
MB'LC_5:8OV!P
!A]9U?@I_0*5M*'6O\2NZ^

)J!L\DL
M@_J\GAFD9

?C

MR/-P1@P%)MX!+HD3=^H5:BY/-)FK6)]3.&PPT7@V(UX0\#YAZ\V\0DV&9;T
MPQX8AE]'=\!`
A[

^(^V%4/##5O


M=VZWI'_S6DOH


M:&5E=#0Y+GAM;)2576^;


1)T\52U4I%M`W&_QBFA`[L?O

+
M3I74LC0!X$)G]'W
M^%M*35LN`0@4T[4JS,\7V\V&0X7W[_/SB;*^/GI&N


)P:F

M8PWT&

ML_H#``#__P


!1]K]1_L/P^&$C(II#11%':D5JI
MJKH\.\8$*Q@CV]G^OM=V0K.T




M&R@(!TR7N'^7.)RML/5:NN9?J5Z+QJ:ES#.!H@PXG*RRL:OT66RD+)\(_
M5O`#Y+#_X@C`I5+VO'!GM_NESOX```#__P,`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0$A^S@


MO^?+BZLGW9)'L$Z9KJ`\22F!3II2=75!OW^[.[N@Q'G1E:(U'13T&1R]6KY_




Y5/$




M(GJ
(Q8[4(.MX0;:UA%I-F%\

MJ\Z1%BI$ILDYCIB-


M:&5E='


MUY0X6K`$=F??M9QH3&3K87[443G

:
MM
S8+B\/*_.?O\.GF6G435KNTA



5

M#[CM1D7W*_.9+!(R



M2AD[00/@OU'D/#3`D?2C_;SDN^:X




YS`WG\XJ/
MP$84P.UZ=R=$Z?1V`.
/8()'S$BV)AS`1(^8B:P3#V`2/2.9#(EBN



M[_7%+!


:EB8C]7&!*D0H$:-$HB
DE_DFY6;Q

M.N=QQ



?YYFXXV(K
M(3NNK`@V1$BEZX[@K!2XFHK(61.'

M*
9OE&@1V7&^$1GNN-BVR(Y_;5O$LIL(2-.%+8[X'=+E@RY7RZ
2X#(ACD0X



M[Z]$(563JENE59JF?5P[8()5C)'M-.V_WS%.6TPVEMT0'!Z_O.?UP5Y=/[/6

L[4J`7(M'U^N.'U9&+1]D0

2Y?WI(

*QB*O2=[07`U3&*M%_I^ZC%
.V04


M[D_/0S?
DR!)_ZWB&4=#@;=8X?5*\*
#30/OE#W6+1@L05E7%D$^?ZX
2M)S




V@/8?9X

MWP6XYER]#O0I\G:XKW\#``#__P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0!A_IOA7@
``/8*

!2&[R?M/R#N


+=OUI\_K0Z4

M4A'QTIG:5ITO'[8-96A30=S/_@SE)^_N861?DYQ13DOA@)VK0





C=^?'


$%``&


MF$YS6O9!LB%Q&.9$4M%B[S#3EWBHJA*
WRNVD;RUWD3SAEK@-[7HS-Y-LDOL



6(;
M8Y7\XT71SLJ;Q#N3!.AWS^

EZ?#5=UZ3]^A1GDW2
!PJEEZ1'KFDTX-D``=5NQS.
MB8=P
`


M/*\XIA\5T!]4?A]W=



M+]56UXP9!`ZMSG%M3#?S?4UK)HCV9
-E.%MGV%_,^_S\X6RO3_XC7<O]%\6+;[QED&RX)GL!&RFW5OI8
MVG8[)_M?N@OX(=!2O)KC$_Y?XKXU5MX+93


H&CA3=\268#@#9QM9!OEQ'$.L
M[X4*
5J3I77)
50[;-=P/4^++$GG_A/DE!XTJW--.%:LCPI[%8`W
$+DIXQO




MO=:-*SZG27NL)


M:IEQJ

PH%V;H6V?L#TQ0
!1HOFEHF




T%P$A8/!9V
MG7MVTEA@/)^-O5D[3.SL&[^#QF?G@WN]^\?TG3K7V-R.%4P5;
.J2B
J=[9I
KB98:0-J5)2RHHE^)5I?+OZ
M_&FYE^I)%XP9!`Z53G!A3+WP?4T+)HCV9,TJ6,FD$L3`4.6^KA4C:?.2*/TH
M&)?$%YAY[!0UWC(+..4W4NZ$ZPRSD2QDAC@UP6O]=%-T&OL!%%/N_J&2E&#
MQ9:7W+PVIA@)NGC
*ZG(MH2X7\(QH4?O9G!B+SA54LO

MU3+E$(%-.U(L2_!=N-C


MRIE$!Y



M6-9.
HK'A(-<R5
MTURLY$5)+V?V3NMTC

+*=IOWW

_?GCX6;A
M.D+BML`U:TGFOA+AWJX_?E@=&7\2%2'2`8=69&XE9;?T/)%7I
%BQCK2PDS)




[#S-.@TYM1+/7!:KPH*$:BT.YR4F7N'EEODN]YZU2?H%R5'8?QV
M1

M0KGG$)$*;%F\WA.10T;!9A;

0
MG#`=,VI-W)?U9HZ2V/='C)8BB$V!A0@'RT2\C*;$8[3$WGBC-8E&2Q*X%FW!
MUA0$:&',6VQ#79=[M2B

MA_?D*^9[V@JG)B58^K

']&8A+QN3Y
M06TP_(5:_P$``/__`P!02P


M*0Z]`-64YGQNDCQC^_W5TN,M%U1BI9LQ2_

8.`H=8I



M5&1?0=[/841HQ]T.SN@%ITIJF1L/Z'PG]#SGE;_R@6F[R3AD8&U'BN4IO@G7
MNP3[VTWKST_.CGKPCG0ICQ\5SS[SFH'949;@+V4CQ;ZD-DI/;/HN_;`GQ5
M*&


MO[#

'#O



M$P```'AL+W1H96UE+W1H96UE
2YX;6SL64]OVS84OP_8=R!T;VTGMAL'=8K8

MO

WP%
$H9UKKUUM7=G+Z!L#4
J[7ZW5[


AI/E]#:
MH?U^2CV'3#C;+85O`'RCFL(7*(B&/+HTBPF/U:I8B_!]+OH`T$&%8V1FB=D
M@GV(XBZ.1H)BS0!O$ER8L4.^7!K2O)#T!4U4V_LPP9`1WJOGG__ZOE3].KY

M)[_\_'DY$#)H(=&++Y_\]NS)BZ\^_?V[QR7P;8%'1?B01D2B6^0('?`(=#.&



M]MV0.&+N

GD!:+

Q*A!\2YICQ.IXI')61'.*(%0U^
M$ZNP3

9&R;




#%5!DJZ4ZDC&O]=V684ZK;E\*YLM[UM
MV

UJ^D1$&WUV%6TT*=F5O-B&:*HL
M5UF;


7*DB):#QL
^NQXBM4*W%J:[!MP.XN3BNSJ*]AEWGL3+V41O/`2


'$B'5#I:A#0TSE88`BS4G*_]:`\QZ40J45*.S

W&`P?TZ5$&?
M






MF?W@H3?4(3^`VHK@^X4F!F$#47W)-AY(%T@[.(+&R0[:8-*DK&G3UDE;+=NL

?DXD4:.[6P8VL[MM+4X-F3*0I#D^P@8QQC
MOI05/V;QT7UP]`Y\-I@Q)4TPP:<J@:&''I@\@.2W',W2K;\```#__P,`4$L#
M!!0`!@`(````(0)0_@<EPL``


.%EI
SG=3I1(N2@R8&9\XQ?.F-V9B_+?




Q^@OAB6
\]ELX
=




M1;U=TG3MQL4.A\?H*GQ%]
2/L[%NVY!#C&X7::4..Y&RT;0+^LZF[+)_-LMZ

B\5=OZ'GBV3R@:%]KO![=GHE*^LRKHL#9^K!V'D\NB!UVWIG\/




E5G1=`#`(-^?]@W1J8%_[-Q[/0(9'
*\W#%7B4(%'F5




4)0V)'A(

MKP*/D0D2P7.





M

W&R.D$02&I&H,N,D&@/Z.\
@/0PE=5
8)'.(
MPM$I.UPH33!@-B7#5MFL



MOPB$%:H'JSDJ`T?QVL[9OR176^UL9PF4X2X*`N$*30+KVN4VHYS1K_+[SS



MVPGK`T9?N2M'N^




#C.B
`F_;.-SX\*R/)VVP_;3P

'OQ!71LQT#I%P\<?

L(86`?Z734)H
MQ%9$%Z!%1'RX5PZZ.\$W


M[U.4





M`



MVP]WAS
?BR&


M[5%4TVJ



5FS5&Q:
M#C-XL;VLFJMB6ITMB^4`L^


0'$Q7RPAB6&DG$GP




MG5^K*5[

H=-GM$MJ^WN;3W9W=W:??@PPO)Y
MR+1JZN5B]H$:]94EVC%^GU5U#BL8Q\I'S^MSNO)6$DXQ



9/@
MG+ZOE7DH&!IVLWZD^*4W_1!&A^XV1M\NCHGOI@'WV+RL5`W6)1!$$Y_7G5
M+J5EAU.OG]3P.QPJ
.L@7DX`Z=.)ATZF*XKMX3//RI;02W[U\WJVPFT:#O@)



M-#U1


M_-BG

MJR]A0UAO?W2AU-H(C22
'38#+26@YLJW#.?OC?T
67_C
T-LA)TL\(4IJY9B



1%%W5;-^^K.T]V=P@%FB/[_AG^=??GTVQ7_
MM+\JYT5Q\L$=/DT6
V(%J'#%!+OZICFBR.=#3NLKU-:KZJ9XN[@JY_KUO+RJ




BOK)!

#@!$^58K\9GP@469Q5
M;B[KR25(FQ:G93TK]K&M-5S`I.=44]O+^MI'&T7**342PMPM&Q#G!M'B+;+M


]$NVS[S'=0SLMIN5.$'
P
9G!*DR1B'Z(CB2SP=%5.Y?;B
M0RZ1:7


M_M((/BU639R`\;72^W$*]GOA22GV:NZ0E58H#PC5&UG+-0=#+BIF;+Q0T)
U

*P
U1WISG:_JDM@I(0
MKTQ)CYF6
U+036+


AQJ5[LXITK-;DV+
M:$*K3GNMV%CC`Y$4H;06N@)9`E%
?G(H4;L_(OL;;
NDOD9WB29=?H3GUHD2


S+9)^EGZ
M



M3BJ*L8(YO#^2A=$Y:

MOY



M
;^7)8OG



HIXV-@


M9#+6X/^/^

B8=C63



14TB1JY7WC)`N@QBB44#3LU@
M6@9`9;P%T@)($3PFQS]2@&AZ^@9O8@FW+\Y%

M#B8


X
KW#DFM@D4+F2
=6GH
M`?)0K

N.7``!Q@4R5*!+'VL^^P#C6

+)N


9]



M%?'QRGH4#L(!2Q/H=J1XP@.7W0/]PS)1Y5$1$LO@6TN^HPW5!]D^U)$E4LU`



MW



M

]):AO2O&RC$B33;@[R#!-1^8CRIOE)!0X8`^Z+.H^U1C(X
M#!/H*#KWHWM'J07._*VAJG0G+

MY)C*X1IJ:)U

US@F4A+3\&\FZ];5[AU/W#D(45L]#RE
MS%O



14D($[!2*0F`7


M)O0Q34ZH0H:5A#P(C9TD_`UE+`$(]8A@T5=L=+[=$SCNNZ7Y`1QM@$BZF.


BE++[K3@]R/#
MNI##'++PT9P`*FPKK^5:II2R(XE;2XQ:NXW4F/1SMS1J.9L9
!S7/O.$R)!
MC2D_]2;:,05/P09.$:S9$:);2[6/
H$.9
2A2I'=D`
Q#T/570)\K\+BK^Y



J\+2:_2`!
'/`^NP1Q+)[;./

J2N.JLC]S+D

M2BF;1


_()5
S1FR02$NO-]6'?A/-J9(VHPJ1-
)YA6.#XLNZ

C3Q'7&AG4Y!PY\%W?1N\XMHD?07[M7





&AZ1?B'\^1GT#J-EU2$E&O&6&JL8Y+(AGK``G@*0X,2&<@*5)R
M0?4!?)*M'/RT@)_@?I$#PM`%V^Z^SWP@309V#N<:40N(35(12'\J]#$DR;2
MRKF8W5).BFJ3NH;&N\M);D4?@?/N!_5;9\C1C*9C0\2!*5S)=.!3X
B`*N$E

MPK9S$D8U/S4H-66E$X(5A






MU-;K.'):7![ZMQPTDJ=M&RXHW2R+&%$FNIBT
%F/5[&H7..87




NJ)\]
#2)\MN-
-U4^^U


KG2Y/[^`-\)2096K,8TD*F5)3-!M]9P=F438H5EC+5H=@
M%N
(;%_.W:6
F/Y+(BCZT2]@3!2%PIMA-'\AFVW`&J'L0H^WM*B?T[47(!BI
BIIB:!'R@^S9UOF$0/)KVS4[RM





M&W^-3;7BD;06O76S$@^2XWLS;


M:Y2WGBU9/GU&(FIB0(?[.7$


(I

ML&:N.S.H+IL0U^%9443D@4V=9W9.##)MF(L;=/$[:1CZ`B`J($E$R@%^5F
??]OM\$D7(.TJ..SA#N1$J^$#]Q[L//AJ^.6Q
MLNCR<J,.0!Y&.!X^]-M?__OPJR\`0:+-?UH?Y`8)%/B:-0`EQG8&^%E2F_

MP(0UMOB5^^I4Z#J!F/(YR
IZ`!JM$CT4'R?W646NB2\YAY!3TP)!T$[K8%

M!Q0;=J?
MHO:G-MM

M:7
`CG+WSF/[0$V#C
M\T&G@,V%OF)B5%M:RCK&_`;8)02

M(DNDOMV0X`

-]
M_?Q\$%!9Y6P



U.DYF8T
B

`\I
MON&1I+VME
LU@I[X'='C\DM&94\\HBM1R]ER



]]X'?P/D'25O%=4^$K

M3K@LJK+_ULM?B=1L(O[E^/$;RL-%O+S'+&#H*$25/=2X%QSX/-X7BP'$OB/%
M@$R&V54)(89$(&`-\J#..+MFIREQ+IF%B[B`EX+BH)B&R3B8Z:!L(_21M_


1(#$M;%K`62-WU-`RIO/


!TI
ML^
YK?9GS4K'(+O


K(]2'$4XP*CF-G1\8$R5!

M@OF)6BU]2'H0Z;DHCL5!+:_AX
++HP7NKZF
P^/3(ZF
^VX=0S)Q3E47OV])

K$O4RE^N(-1GADD+K1






?@ANFN`:R;PS88\-MKQ*8!W')BLE:7C

MK)_WT=$\MZQ!PY2)8A;KX`58!TYWOY]2MXB:Q0'W]O[NOCZP;_H:%9S3K!$.
M+PJI_2DL66`7T\:L_1JFR


MF+)RT1OQE
?_V9:W30C;SI8`F-&8+?HOW<?;*U^_7NUB.=/-T`A'2+-A:F=:X

M^;2WVQ`)[37VEJ`AZ-IDJ4-29N0(_52Y]


M[F%KE9

[@_H<`!E]K/-ELSD]N<\LE<62\D3K1*?TMH/OW=Z'


MRIW

MWICV_TD.VU:VA9'Y6]
)9

\4R$<_X:(#F]

M6
4P`I

G%6$EY0L/5<5\PTOTD
G/C0FEGU/`;VV@Q:W3Q@
MM#AU15TFA%_^[MGW+]`D$RZ%)MO1Q7M


MP?89


\K




A3H4E505][

M?@P(DC




MJP#7+$3)DG-()L$84Z=;1=85%`G73*3D8?$DX=CM&HZ*K8N2CK#7QQ(($]


7&EP^D$(-

MSXB4YOCST4

M$%KOL[P\NSM\;7YY^


AM_`97N



M8\7PN]E0NF/3:+L#/1:*Q]/9#Q%6_^MGX

Y'*(A#
MA)6%1$9E'4:R(I]\.OS%VG

MO6A^




MV%5VTSJ3



%.V'

5#N^$Z59^U)P=\++J;

I5*ANOF'N%B#
MP

D)#8D6Z'IIT

1_.CO\
'+[G[VI]0V3


7-J^-`U

S



M+Y.T%A'F%K7:7_?:

M%+%M4==W.`2AE`M5O:4;ZHUN=J4I5I;*GGYQI!Y/87WML00U9Z`UFE0I5/F
M]?=0UYO;J?*YHLQ]D))&3^FK



M%G$G;%VVG8]%N]M42$N*:[RYOD!)IN3BKFGOQFD0PF#@I-.DQ*N2UR+#H[
M#+D86B1^X2


IA4XQ`H
M0
2







(:




MMZ;U=M=
W7]%M:KP73IF(M'
A^.PHIA5;/0KK@ZQ3%:9H*B=!'V_87KKPQ

.^:CLD]`681;:4%9PF*J.[W_B

@*(YX@;

YE$RIKL





JH


MP
11N=<B#V4!%;1T!-$.#\[_(Z`
M528





M?[:S+\WG)
;;)[6+O!W:QY(
D9HGU3/




)
?]0QLYV^^TK<[5*DD^W5QUK?SJ
M2AOL0L%P)A^8=QQ\HIOH+X$5ZWQ<%
7Q)!
P&^=[8W6CY15







MI)





B\^6<4:D`
MHWP_6OKH%GLE)%)2MD!:]B
5O4;XID6(HF/D.@6VS\DTH=
L2#DZWN4ESASP
M

\5%0V10(N54/-3;!8WI\/X.@YUX
MLI`#;YFMZ



M3?UO*SGP@H`KD%_N%U)BO+3F9@S)0]D5[T.'2K;2+8MI@S!];![F[J6?(5
MSQ.8?2LI=V/SZ_86YJH0`
L;_$[&_
C/^;J73C48Z[&+$+0_3Q_1Z.+7'PX6

%(<.#,BZ*M/2U3Q6<W=IX71_8$NT%'ILP=5?^P;
MZ[R6ZP])=+2_DQE-F3,C11],/-9'.)B+:;9*Z/9@*DBDW*3L]54GM3$P0&-

`8:C7VW


M4^ZV2!0:5(%.DI)-X9%#WX79R:(!=NSMKBU!G(I&15Y-0Q91R2&[^IJF'#J@
MC^;`[SX=WB`@:XN231RVD0:H#''UF;)?G:FS/21G)6$K2V*IA*)
AS('%!&N
M@SQ+=^@\T)]8


H^1DYB








Z_;F5@*F!;\_*\COQ7BUO1;2IHA`^][@;IH7QM-B
F`4U:AX56AH03;JL(H*N\

?[78)
M<.V0N?!H.,S;I]D8AL

Q&X%*
MW9(R
L828MUV?=RZN

`/]M-+
CS@_&I'K:J5?N?XI-)


-O?=Y6`)O

MXBDD?_=J




5*?<B?AMR1`+12XKKJWD5#K<TV$+
M#!:EES?=S2;LVXREF0B0]JF^HJ+9
MN2..XCQ:9I'0KWD49@;XL_A\G.2A)

H








M=G+M.HBZ*KZ]TKI2N8Q7)+&HM7$

#J?R+]ZD

32#13N&
=3A&A8!HFD

M&/FN!9




E9/)]]-22B;YESZBT10O*4I,L&.02X^P]JD8I;`/W-=IDQ;_9:



XLPL;G_!%X+N:/KQ[[_1A#RY.!X1V%#*XI


P+;0'MZ`PVJ7.*L`!%(RJ_PQ=(B:P)KM@



BJQ

M-Z5.A;S((]0].63J`VP'S0C\:_O@5=+&8F0QB


C2B;K5*2XSR_[SSS/
MJ&)N@`E+&.OA6T4.OI'[_@_@KOLOKVUBU9_U;K)C5HU$AS^^EW`#MTC74M




S7LU)/4NG1KM55(ND0


`63_L)[
M_]JM2*7&JTH3@HI@5;):3AG5(_UM#4Y_E#-6FNHJ;4O[X8ZH%1+&-9)C%JON
MI=$?3(.Z1*Q



MTH0PW#Z]I`

`QH]H'Q$\



M




J0R\'KC@2$0K9O




<Z\.)&GG
MZXXG0<]X9:F7=9VH[8D()00KLFE=-/R_'?Y\^1URDFH9_I=_:B?.AI\7DV9



1X3#R\

6K;E-XK=]%]\&]75]??_W\!````__\#`%!+`P04``8````
M`$`W@I?%?


M76^;
!2&[R?M/R#?E\^$-%%(5:BZ5=JD:=K'M0
F6`6
;*=I__V.[;2)H?+2

17Z(/-*7K*+]+D._?]U?72-/2-Q7N&4]

=EG#(=X$8
M.


M!09TVO






M=EEZJF@$F-C1Y$;B`'0(+$`U_


M
@F#5W]MX$6+P)@+?1#7C
G7`_6*\/;JMOD'``#__P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(````

M;YM($


Y_(0\??C2[X'O5]76[7X1B%H=!M2_;=;U_7H3__/WY;AX&



+NUS\_57T)&84P
YF82&6[
M`P'P

MQ;`?#6PO`;$]E.'[HQ(/T7?(7.F0Y1B1E%B-75(I!UU`8KGJ[-P)#7
#AI
M4_3.2T2TAZ246%TCB#2XSW1I!EZ$$/LD3=
;+Q%)
:=2S^.8`BL?$/D\\0`B


S*3E3!HB*$V(-#VS2B2JPQJ?HQ

_TQ%F:9DZ/9JZ)N`@Q=4IJ





[)[JQ

:&:QU


*J/
SFYDA
3$;*I


M]@S-LL==Q49\&W5W0F?QF2HS2
X1-ZT@6VO8C)/P]9J6#H&7[&)\X]ZA+GPJ(<OB?$=ZJ%X
MKKX6W7.][X-=M8$]$\\RV#4=OB+&#T-[L.],G]H!7NW:7[?P*K^%ZKQ#.!-
MVPYO'\Q+Z.


M

:%@`I<VY'F98Z?

R0U@H]3629\+]Q

P-)#3=-2M8#0#LJML`OUYO3(HR<4\N:`A%-0&IK%?

J*]$:U/`27(3!%'QHO^+^8%4WS'JC+*SF\%C#EXC#
M(H0!B$NE[/G@7J+QV[;X!0``__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`,C@IR=@#``Y

!XO]K0A?
8ZVL(W6]8W1
!EO_-XUU-2#@\UM1?X






MDA78


M7+#FGQ(A369!*,)!OKQ^V`6S

0


MT'1!-

*N:*
9N3/XUB3&'#Q1^DV(:S
8X7WHS)`]F;5ZD]`^SD:1
M.L\0
&ULE)9=;ZLX$(;O


<UD-NKS@43]FF554:Q;8@Q`^2&9PN(6[XZ8)+O\*&8I,M
MG:(IR8`6!,D\;8;!W*-W4@;@<YQ?]YZM0D71*E9LNT@&O#B6^96G#`G;L



MVRC&6$:]M_O`QHW3MJNNTDO+P\WP$ROWZ4#7K@V@C5YCB)8HQXRU0AVBK'
`LKI=*26ACJBIA.<UKX3;(A:1Q/B*2BQ<%AIC_BH<I2,+Y6;=Y:X.)Y@VU
MP&]JT9F#FV0?L9-4;W?=!5.R`XN-:(1]\J8823:[JUJEZ::!N!^3$64';S\X






M@0Q]G

^CT][/E-N48$M`G


MVA6\9-TN=__\OI^EKB
5Z4K2\([F[C.5[LWJ\Z?E@8L'65.J'%#H9.[62O4+
MWY=%35LB/=[3#IY47+1$P5#L?-D+2LIA4MOX`4*)WQ+6N49A(=ZCP:N*%?2.
M%_N6=LJ(-H0!?YES7KYHM86[Y%KB7C8][.MSU(;%G#U/
@ZCIML?BVZ[@@
MVP;B?L(1*5ZTA\%$OF6%X))7R@
YWQB=QISYF0]*JV7)(`*==D?0*G=O\6*3





MXVJ.TJ7_DLCLQZR@0VL9D2X1GQP=_))(0^-GG=G(8AP:YS

MB$EL8G.-L+S!0F-O.H'AFPG4DW(7UCAYC%!L.U@;)AG2&\?S`-D$QN+-(@

Q^\S7`2A^EHZ0'9V$@:S+
18KF#+?!^
M=QJVW44(VWE9&\:X2U$\6M=8&S_'*$Q&@&4L^8@Q#5\:N]P3AC'&PBQ+IUFS

M0$^=-\Q%`)NKB)6[[/N-&R[B]#E=C
V:I1A*9E'0

M/XC8L4XZ#:T@9.3-H6F%N7G
0/%^.(*W7
&-
?RLX06!POF
/(`KSM7+0-]M

`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0`&IKLL
`



MK=(J3=/^/#M@@E7`R'::]MOO7DQ(@#9+]Q('(Y_]UR'F\7-2UE8STPJ+JK8
M)HYG6ZQ*1,JK;6S_^GE_=6U;2M,JI86H6&R_,F7?+#]_6NR%?%(Y8]HATK%




:6L@F5@Z3DX#Z69TN9$B[H94ANA8;HV







(+5'M-#;;Y^

A4#0Q$9V%OWS@EU
M8CM$:.E;Z([#;@(VW8SLQ


M':1O=G0Z6!T-441Z]I]*A(O'7PC(I.'1TF9].^VK3@??)WY/]^J([ZHKT+-G

(_V)
M=CAJN:.39D=+FW:1/K=B0WU[BB^TT:'73


M+Q6TN0'-HT]@X(81^X!;_'P9!9_$T_0ZYL=YMG7AES;@WKJZ`TBH*'QPN=

(JEKAM0^^:/BYO3K9\0:N:]H?3W`]Q^^P9T!?.\N;T0
*_Q1^TT49RJ
L9WDK?4DFC?4@GY3B\X<V21[YVD^G'773$E.Z#8BD;8EYX4(\D6GZI6





MD277%=_PIC&(J9WK0C%D:)@=&N1=[.[$9'X-C;-O
V18@
;5T8I_H;H2K4$-
M+X$R#&9@HO:MSP^LZOKVL5466E;_6L

ME#@):L`1T*;]]WN


?$1N[\8A*_*HI&MW'8S!=IT.&<LRB+(-)JL2EA
M!BKM02.VR_`KFJ\QZ/5HD_0CU*<6NM[T.[EZ8^FW/Q5U@*R#752%7B2\EE)

M8Q3R``#P&52E6AJ0D?RM_WLJ-]U^&9)DQGA
$




MMZ




MDSQ;0+(47Z:;9!]HQ#^8[VU&I+-':
9MRS=\MH$0&L

WB2C_1JG]#W
M$2/2A!ASV_]UB:\I7+I)'H*''I(

M#*YF_

M*$WF/@0``


MB7/%:%K_J



?M:CK%




M-4T:(E0$O'8$

M4Y.(^\2L(PRK4.?Q5A&&N:FE:-ZIUAD)%0%EZI*X


QX[PAO



MO1V(Y3)LF
%`E
RR=DF!0&C5DGC01DS%-SXM%`^4%MD\9TLIIF2/I;:6#U
MKN@.8V4B'D3

M$TO!JB.+6)X+)^$7//`1J'%WMSO!-D?+[@LXY[ID?U.JV-6B=G!_BI/\%C
M6Z5.D^I\G-]'MIS:?`^N

`
M4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0!=`%H;=`

M:&5E=#0Q+GAM;)2676^;

^GAUP$JN`
M$7:;]M_O&I
40Y


M1


M**39(7;[
`I?\JP14FS4!

ML[9`?SG;R]YG1^[$_DO#\^^\8E!MZ)/NP%J(1XU^R_57

E&``/QU2JZ7!E2$OK3_
M]SQ7N[D;D$D4^P$W%DSJ1ZX#NDZV9-4HOQG(-2%,D%P%R0`^^YW/,%)A+R





B#:QWW!B:ZX^Y'=1TRW[09LLKZ11L`P7U)S'LG(VY_)@'

`4$L#!!0`

Y

WGZK







^U7=A.FN3Y
MJ2K?)!@7H$WU-2&CC+HARGWGI5UMZ
Z?]6;HQD3E&Y'9RN`9=-0:2O#'\V*U
M?E)^0-FD'6/=8
PYR^QZAE0)$;9I@/9U$G#X@



^2S@FU+5N3(AH3&AK8S4A

<A,W
MJX-$YN*(C2,.CK@XXN&(/R#$XB]D%V+-_'].QCXSUW&D0A'8B'&DW6W8\/
MS&0;9E+,WK'ZBAX51'@-B=GUM+U53A6G'

M2(0CL1!A/28K]+''XG&:;%Q-O.56IU8'8S;X8C=(=1;PS1,F)7QWM+6&[D


%@]'?!P)<3$


M\*.`CZL$.!+B2(0CY%C[\PJB'M-C:WKF5V35
=MEYW

MY=\


`4$L#!!0`!@`(````

MVXZC1A!]CY1_0+RON?HRR/;*YI*LM)&B:)


OW\D7U:FT;1I
M=4P+6I&-^4X:\^OVUU_6-UH_-Q=6@,B5,W&O+3M-;L)KN0
FUF]$HJ^
N)


M^;&];$S/



D04;E`@G\`-HVQ
]TDA-U)DSXWND9
FDIR&Q!J2#!&%'%3Q

P12
M%MF$&A)I2*PAR1!1\ENJ^6&;\E8X
7@7?[A382`U=X;@5!EL]WRTW=)($(PT
M)-:09(@H=/!V
^BZ]T\(&JLI
\1CPPX[9:@AD8;$&I(
$24_J*C'\T-C-3^.



MHV80.M*JUX]!H)^`8F[EJ[%&M].DC]6OZ'K]7%9%Q$E[A_:#(K)YK9Q;#BF5
M.FZ2(;YAH?J]U)$.Q0+BNGJVKNLPCDH01_4=@H_IRN:]PH]#BA;.:`B$CK02


3+Z@N_H
(&V
M:PG+#P@[%VMIA._QP\(4[@;PQC-A[P7PNJ#C.S_8L0\4XP7\`*[@NL-^'L`]

9.E':BA^X@/RHM?T/``#__P
`4$L#!!0`

M+GAM;)15RV[;
!\%^@_$+Q'MP_8L%RX#1(&Z`%BJ*/
TU1$A%1%$@Z3OZ^




:M.5$8S*6!5
Y3H$AC+S\S+)
M6`:+GD#KWC:*AP`W


MEX&%R_

].O@L('DN%R!D+T


V8!CV
MXSE-W
:X)`YB]WKWWX^T)$L4O2PY[.5R_9AB^!4ED7;\\..7_6[TN3PU57UX


=3N=IT@_:[

MJ].G]^


MW3Z.L]G-]#;)!)B/7LJF516Z'(_6[TU;[_\V1L*Z

M



+8

M(AE1C.B0$+D@+91[/H=HW*ERT2P

M`HVI$-`A(MOR4C!B&1$,:)#0B*&,^_RB-&81FQ(!HLXF/8LVBJ]D9-5,(9
M48SHD!`1V#
%A_CYM8/&5(0A(
+%MV2D8$0RHAC1(2$1PWX
(\:RD]UA(W#M



M!DOGY6)
H25B+$JZKB9-1+R21&_@@BXXDA[Y@R+-HO-9.:NT^S)QG]W=)5&M
MTL[&=-]ABX




MB

%3@




2T:_+:;;7^M*CAM(

M:'\7/U3U5EZS]17N/=N(^-6O[


M/G:2K]#/^XW
(G_$+QT*SU1KY9&T5GE89P;.5#
PMSG/Q4SPI(?.R03`M)'#



`CCRP@U[T&95VOV


Q\(#8!8^`Y\]`5F&MXCCMP)85Y
M@S9JZ`K
&SQ('+H\P:/W@:N0&B#D4%@@W%!6(-18@*?KP=^`8!LPP_W`Q=


M9.6^N+RNK7^^!)_FUJ!NTLL^/967?&U]SVOK\]/OOZT^RNJM/N9Y
X`
EWIM

M85G=DZ
\'(HLWY79^SF_-#Q)E9_2!NZ_/A;7&K.=LWO2G=/J[?WZ*2O/5TCQ



&WC<4^@1Z]AR
B9@-C;'UBU&
$.SM#L3
M^8(3!:(#)!;()$`2.0I=

MF`?ZSJ+UOG/BNMU
LB5D1XA/2$!(2$A$2$Q(HA*MH[:AUEBXH[9Z6*6/#O

M1.N[8T^-OG=!7=\)\0D)`D)B0B)4E4HO4=)C2M[[S0&+(BL#D6V=NF!)/`

M5F
-C[O?




MN(N5?JID/]%)5(JJ3@+I[C*7.;N+DCH1Y&

M64$D@WE;%%L;6[*&DJ@GR
MXJ9:T.$18(3T3TA11%&
2*2VP;'Z_)!@1(^=6-WY@$B\3-5$$DBWD_&*OK6[
MH3I4U$$D3:;S(RANI51
MW4AR$?$A_RLIW3$
4G%$44Q8C$ZC=?3.A*CC'4.(Y9=M^O&*W`VV1F!3XS
M7T1DE%1
Y))6\#&*3PP3!G!Q@@VX04113%B
0:./7H_(LA/0YC1:HZT.[7



R5I.JJMVN%]DKG+$%()`K9\

_/E3#14-A-W%/D4!12%%$44Q12Q(U3V
/E-




M]0]Q^



^;*)FO\3.DCAXQ
M=PX#SQX3]`@
HKTRJ$U7-FC;')KEG+G`D.9\+I,]!X9`X;B#!8?)7'/ZY0=
M9C[`+'K$R!`IALTX`R%JP'M96X=:((T;*KIT@9LI?ODND@`YZ0O8I3\P^7B

[_0+_N2,F^$5GR5GDU*X!S9NU(U_'=0(O.=LV=T-H[6<%-S.#


_S#;Y;??RP/B]
Q7G


*Z

M(L/K*-TL
%DMN_S\%OQ@!L_(5.KP68O\JV@X)!O*Y`JP56KGH(^Y
\%A\NKT



DT
MF

MM;?V2W
=N\Q?VF_3=;=
2?\!EEE+2_Z-ZE(T!M6\`
HPF$$LVJ]#_V)5VZV4





M!1=N)6-T*4JM21LE(!F0'$@!1`10$J7LC1Z
2BU#_UV6%%63?!L)UXT0B
M_38\T7SB94AK9-U2(!F0'$@!1`10$J7L+[3!/2!OBMKWG=-HJ@=21(@*9`




T6@_CDX*U#DD!;

C/M1SET3:KFGBU*:W6QQ9+)\YJ.LP-
JDK&&]T-<J]\M/#ZG*AM(7)D20HH,U9A
M?#9TX%.@LD`DN7)?Z%QEGG2J+OSUI-/5)1OD#&))MPAXMB2!MF))9U7&IFU
M8EIX+X-681V[L5!8U
E+BR[*E]:J)_U4#0DQI&TZ
Y_:[/O`Y*JK4A9/@W@F



M3[I!T@;[G?E(5\
LP&Z!W$RE20`H190ARA$5B`0BB:ADB
=E;5N+-[ILZZ
M69_;PKC+C6CA%61)T%K9LBE%E'*$16(!*)J&2(A2&D^_8#86C
^2AOD+M6


M[&CA[9OEULH]B3#R3J+`DQ#]CMY
(JT5/PEOE5):JW

_+:5%@B])JZ0(P#.90


LC-I7CLU_FT



TL;J[

M(!(&76Y
6BO=6


M_90QR!V.X[&WJDF






MTA.?3$C;*Q9+YL:S3U77EP)X7?:9)8&;?0;Q[//7ZI$I[IWUE45=BF06
2V_

_86+/\=?-TTU


MHK-G
\7E(ELEJC

M+W-H965T
3

2*8HVR36#\1B-
M





MW
QLCWC*ZS-T`/YJ54E2`Q3)OM'K6WGH3AO=7LXLUYR#M?94M%U8$H^ZEK^V
M75W]PVPL[HGYL+D/N'(?SGSF+4S'NL.)PYW`571D/EM8YM)90$\FGN[RAG#E



M+-EB+RQ(_A.WO@H%80JB%00JR!103H!LC2:P

M1`)$0D0B1&)$$D32

M2#HF4NRP(=T1.[&68V?$8;LZ61_WB/B(!(B$B$2(Q(@DB*1C(@4*.^@=@1)K

M1J+#/B.NV^=;P(E'I;3FWL(U35G-$+F)$(F1XX013^ZA
E#IV)$D(*G0D((6

M=XG51


48)1JF$9!E(77F'#*P
E2840Z-QWI-O

Q5S8SCN05^4$=^MYJ&'J$`JM'
M0QJAI2845C9=:FZMVY$P8=\

-[3YX!2PRK@
M8Q0
:#)@_D1W(N^4ZO/



(HQ2C!*)20-
M
GQ9EV

0HPBC&*





V$(;O_0=!-VO
M=?1)L+V(K3-:HBV[;4BT[80RS0D)=E]^QV*IQRO$%2Y:./P]_:7X.R9%6






&5

MV5`'D0YB'20Z2'60Z2`?`0ML&;R!XOL
;Y@
\T9FM97@9I:K&2$CY)!0!Y$.

;0@8S

M%)$
D7Q

2()(BDB&2#XF2J+S#R7*HM5$



-Q$ASF(IJCB#*IN#8



(EZ$_A2F2=L




']P[?LG=*][@;P)
E



-V8L%RX#1(6Z`%BJ*/
TU1


MX-^_[BZN

0-OEY__+#:*WUO&LXM`H;.%+BQML\)
:SADII(

M6LC?-*(WSVR23:&35-_O^@NF9`\46]$*^^1)

J.-*\*O$GRFR4FZY6OSQ_!]V;T


PJ2%7`UUX6&=QLB(/4#IVP-P$#%P'
MS`N@.B@#&K3E1W8*;O:NE1N0F`LDPZ)'
ED[Y%QX`+#=4@^BU]X@W+`S$:8
MQ7EE@$PWZ





M_TX5RC?&O7D*#!SDC/)9#(?UPA5R09*:/=V[W\_JQ3=MBP;T3TZ4O7N]K%

M_K*YDN:%7C!F&BA4=*M?&*O7AD'3RX3NB0UKN?$VG*A

_<PK
M#&Y#GG@&CH2\</1'QG^P<9@=-QFX


69QS


S+F6&B(];;;#A6[34.N&FPA2`M

M'5!FOQ?

-[H`\\*0-]Q#&]
M07ZC/K!`=F;OFI2W&?0RI2*B62!_Q4+.*Q:H&S0O6!&+.@#3\J`0$864C1)
MQ&.$Y`#O9WOOQ_%W`8=5!]0R()B1V1\FB72B`31;93`]U:#-3!&2`Y`@S+?
M`0ZK#JB%0#!C#DP2H2!$?/[@91E-L1/!:38$;1\X-O:35ZI9_9=]!(,R`1
M3\J`Q#C('NSQ2*@'_#-8=\12Q`R;2@GGP55=H+W3[
W`IQ
ANM`Z=KV'312



M7R[Y]IWU+&9F

7GGY[?R^I+O<WS9@01#O7<VS;-
M\6DZK;-MOD_K27G
#_#.NJSV:0


4.`.#G:%_8UH
ZN;<O\?BI0+A4&TV*`WKVO)SH.51C=CC)%HG:!G](F?7FNRO<1
M=`U\9GU




5(=U'4
M/?2

%`M#&AX8K9J



CA1`C^[(1&<E\M!A?7<Z


MW]R@Z_&90#Z[:&8BH0[H/'%X3!*$44Q6P/F$T]S@ZW&80#J
1M&5VCE`ZC'C
M)*1+X'P_Y#$:O8&WH?08)W(W%FPJ.TB


M.H(=&W41?9U
6

;NZ+&04%H(G&_8

9=%V%1R;XHBF/[;'#
M:]G`44?[ZQ:.MG+XKMZ?@'A=ELWIA3T)Z`[+7OX'``#__P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(
&UL
MK)W=;MQ(MJ7O!YAW
'1_RLJ4E)(

MLW8R@MP[OK!EJOJFW?4Q@LFU8C.X

MZ




_VY?W/G.[+]?T??W[[C_=W7[[I%+_=?KY]






]E%_OQR]TF3KHW]SAIRYPHVHX*+/_DWM67^KE-*J'


C`



MB9QHIG+VG



R1


M4+
!:HDZHIYH(!H#BC98IEIAPQ3!@@TIE?F(`+3?`#5$+5%'U!
-1&-`4;
%






MVHI8:0

M-`84'5J7`$^8`!/2U)O57!'MB1JBEJ@CZHD&HC&@J-EBF*^*'X?_DRFUA6=!

U1U11]03#41C
M0,&BTW7I\-`\)J6$=`/FNK\BVA,U1U11]03#41C0%'SNG1XRG28D$TZ;D8H


BPFYMPQ71'NBAJ@E


J*!:`PH^K,N&IXQ&B84G@13*X?V
M;-40M40=44\T$(T!1<UE-'QB.F#^.YLSFY\.RJ7$I=4R]'/'C!JV:HDZHIYH
M(!H#BC:LRW]GS'\)N7&^(MH3-40M44?4$PU$8T!1\[K\=\;\EY!]C]4]<KE
MPMQ*P^U:+2M+X:)VZ]+8H7E
8PD5%U6^2\VMXD4M[^CC1:V+2SO&I82*BRK?
M).56\:*6/!TO:EUXV3&\)!0OZK+


:`HN8R
3Q[867'
)%0S%27Y8-U:;54

)^9R]`]H3-40M44?4$PU$
M8T!1\[HPL6.82



_70N]SE+PU8M44?4$PU$8T#1AG7A\)SA
*$P
M]%
KA_9LU1U1!U13S00C0%%S64X?'9.&=N3*B8$)8W
6EF#H&AX:Y5RY

J9H1E!2'-DE+F\0]DO'
M7D-44O4$?5$`]$84+1H77`\9W!,*,P(*3AZS4`-.[9$'5%/-!-`07-%[7@

2%?


R*FY

^M


M^-DK/G2

)U3JV$?GB=J56\SN5]


M)I*5[^0O&5L2BE6Q*=^S+:V6JDCA9IGV&[9JB3JBGF@@&@.*#JU+
I=

@FY
MSWNNB/9$#5%+U!'U1`/1&%#47

M$?5$`]$84'1(#Y

3

FE[&2VSP&06F,PDUE@
LNS
MPJQU47-SS*R9F9.@6IG:.:9:`9-\


K

C8'($3(YX5CA2QM.GIE.&T
UQI/Z9UD*VQOK+
C

M!Y-\



MT9'#M@X^PC_A2-H&PN?T3=@:(LDGTXX

M`-.^#)X5\BV

MF

C8'($






ML!U%KI6YJZL5



M3/+!)!]
\L$D'TSRP23?LT*^)3(OWR:/YWWLLDD;4$1K4N*+LP=6#

MYJZY

M4.;E/S]ZI'TLHC



P[7(*IFU.P;3/*9@V.O6LD&^!


@I
1H')J(E-EUP89=$.1NULN_6#3_]U]^W@TQK3IK082VEB
MT30PF9;ZGFL



MDT*LK$S-=!O

M-T[Z!+3B*'K*/C#9!R;[?N(59*#O61AHD=
;^)1K4T2-KB7F:W.+G[G?I`U(

MLL+8M%5)
#:S6(YX[,TRWKVFX7Y2H:QN9E-\&^.'J9Y]J3(Q*T[6WZ%KL+Z
MAMF-MT$ETKY18H:YR:'^ZFPT1*PM_&PHO!3-WC:]20Z:J?3-Z!#J9X6%W2U

I/)B4W3Z.[T\KSBLN]7N&Q!

MXOAP59GZCH6!EKV]@4]




CH#)$3`YXEGAB*7J




MK;NPOH*&RILC*PPRT*F-^N)6DE[S41'IJ`:9I74SK']ADSRT5?RP20?3/+!
M)!],\CTKY%M$7


-%@B'O<I$]UR.36?+I<5'(+3&Z!R2TP
MN04FMSPKW+(`Y]UZ:O:P]F6Q3,P5AHH%3,4)OE@D@\F^62#R;Y8)+O62'?
MTMH:^5.ZBP4Q)SX?/8H5'3DR-\L#+4?`Y`B8'`&3(V!R!$R.@,D1SPI'+,M




+D%


4)OE@D@\F^62#R;Y8)+O




\*^9:\ULB?DEJ4

S[((498NZ:!U^.@
D1



MPKDTRX._WY`U%=966%=A?84-%39&5CAB86R-(U-XBX[X0)=FB+`;4IH@R20?
M?24?3/+!)!]

I%P3:23Z8Y(-)/ICD@TD^
MF.1[5LBW=.7E_XW`F38]BM;



^T.6`%-!@*D@P0?3/+!)!]

@M
9H')+


CH#)$3`Y`B9'/(N.''8_6N%(VBTI.))W


@M
9H')+#9!2:S/O
LE3GS7IB/DF;+T5'4C+T'Z;D
M39H6IEL%[20?3/+!)!]
\L$D'TSR/2OD6TQ;(W^*=5%^BGIQ\L!R:-ZOR7\G

M3`4!)OE@D@\F^62[UDAWV*:EV^3AWW;Y_V?#X]W7_J;V]^-#QUHTQY+U9*
MRHJQR6V[K!.&K9WRO/LW#57A:PDU5@L@I
5H')*C!9Y5EAE44Z;]53CDP1
M


DM

LG'?KJ6*9`E]TQ(?`7Q@



Q\[MV+E]

UC%W;L\*$U

7
G'L\EC'9&3UG'9




MSOKI^PC58]9/']97C]DXZ*/IZC$;!WUN6SUFXZ!/
*O';!ST\5[MV)GUTU?M

QD'?:JD=.[-^^F9[]9CU

MK=^IC8/^+J=ZS
LSZ30\3:#BQ
M<=!/\M3ZG=@XZ,=IJL=L'/3++=5C-@[3TP:OM[5^^F76K^M]9O^W)[];!ST
M(W75?C8.^M.4ZC$;!_V66?68C8-^NJMV;&/]]'N\U6/63[]







MA8WZ?








M

M.#

Q:/E'CT0D07(8'B
Y;

=T91=(`(..




M7:U45:?M





1`)$0D0B1&)$$D71,I#!)O05

M

?D)1YFU[@G#JRTT22[RB0/
M1L,D(Q(@$B(2(1(CDB2CHGD.ZS)3_C.K&7?.1E/




3`N


3W5]6T\F

M\9CO
T_/9Z^[0O+C<(\9R?\_IG


W9G;@3B/3T

@A`R'[J




F


MU'J(JQG`]\&@0U&T0VB&V0:&`LK3:P)+X/[01880VF-46@2:6)01:H(MG
M`]\&@0U&T0VB&V0:

ST:VTX7KA+$R3
M76O2BD&(3TA`2$A(1$A

)LQAQU@8.4HHR&56I-6


M[I)`[IC6CA/$)^0@)0D(B0F)!$)T:BL$

MGA7N0$
@VP01Q

M2LXY=\B$!VBA5QB)$U&K&)$JIY6SI!KI@4R-1&]WAT:J%=2+22&SF&:V2JU5
MIQ)!OGAY%GNCG.\5F_;4$O$*T:LKKXBB&-'[L1
TZ2DET=S=(9/J!769%-)+

YB4[P




MCQM.WA'02E868XO%C*YR&CVD*



[VX!R_+%I_\=PU
M'&?06)&[A@

`4$L#!!0`!@`(

M;)2576_:


IM


M0%SH1


MO'JY9:J$AD)


B3&+IZ3/#
LH^8&=@WBZ?3

P+Y81DX.^








T


M0!(@*9`
2`ZD`+(`4@*I@-1`&IT86M#*Y@-:&M3TD\[_0$F@&9`PF`A$`B
M(#&0!$@*)`.2`RF`+(40H@-9!&)T;'T\+P`QTOK
V.EX0Z7@^B?48.1F=
M@@!(`0$$@&)@21`4B`9D!Q(`60!I`12`:F!-#HQM*`Y_0-:&M3TGT(``R


(9<V4FJW[UI9
MYD!9<9R%B)$
:($48HH0Y0C*A`M$)6(*D0UHJ9#LK]

X]<_9-

MG!3*BEN_0%\EH@HKUH@:HZ*IFM@97U+MRBB5&VQ#M@[1SNT4?W?6)N)EX-

MNU;B
60K_8JN9TV@D;+BN(L1)8R&[6;3)P[N_-2-E%-SQ#EB`I&\M*5/[4






ZE^.[-;=$[C(Y^IAR7&O2GG%%-8KG
MB`)&
MK&DPE$6\@FRE&$*$:4



MS\Y%*OV%2**$,6($D0IH@Q1CJA`M$!4(JH0U8B:#E'^FV[;5$UD=?0)T5;M
MNET.K7$ALB32LWR=E1%9TNHGN8BN(EDIV;J**M41L95


M+Q@I7R6B2J$+C:_9JENR#3QO1*LA
M(RH8Z7L5N.&2K93[E'-2+;SWAMA:HE-6D=FS'\LM41[%)S0WILG\DOG*Q4




6\PO*ZB0R
MHH!1%U=G$C$AFZB!'R&*$26


E*^2D05HIJ1



6IB\W/R0H)HQ:#\8!DAFB.:(`48@H0A0C2AEB#)$.:(T0)1B:A
M5

G;]*RW&97
SI;0P1=?''W`

NOCC\@5TD,479RPA
ZS^.(H!);0L192H=6G
M?QKP])G^^_)Y72SWSYNWP\WK^HFFNT%[NFLO/_27_SAVYX6^[H[T@7Y[=.B%
M_D.&-;TL'X@#^T^[W9'_09?NG_Z+A\__!P``__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`

51'H5G&6
MV45U%41AN`AJ)AKB&&(UA4/FN4CYM4SW-6^

P$.



\
V:R4/'C0-2.J680O2&(A/&P(G


MAJ::+HU@*]TGUT4H')-!'I9]'D8N%Q^10O!8RD6H[?01[W+


MO53N\3:)8

`4$L#!!0`



\T_):M81?U3*\K.%



:0%*REY
3'2AF=4TF;:)48DC(D8TC.D((A)4
J

VG
D$2UNN[WH
#S0QH:J7Z.
MH9$QCIPAA6XE=C9@==9CJ9\C:V5S$&U@S9[5YL_FM=^5![2!@@S%$2Q4'(7`






ND*+GIJ&E2C



M+I&;CM

M%6=B4K0Z^2*%

M0BNH3?2FZM0


M$@ZE'
HXE'.HX%#)H8I`U&=14ML^?R[5J\+


1XJ&2?FJ!]RR.TJKBIX'K5L'8
MT
16HB#K;7:*D-SKY][4C9F

E<9(;+
M9(.!=:['A3-6J(96CZ6G!Z=M5.]UR,-U2\_7X3\?($0.*DS(C]?&O4(%'0

MK
\I$#)

NO:_?U\;F.
MZ]VN'6V:-_'Y-;S@N;O1

?CA/X.9P*2[EAIY

M^D_-G2?WP71Y#TX
L
Y(*KWX$A@5J#8H%W@\Z!;T.N);,E?'&^8O9$K[QXCA<


T+GAM;*R;6W/B2!*%WS=B_P/!^QAT`83]D1ST1TD
M%+.[SS26;:*-Y0ZW?WO-TNE5$EU&

MCJ=]^7K7-VZ&_5[QNBL?]J]/=_W__.']YO1[I_/V]6'[4KX6=_U?Q:G_^_V_

MT]NQV#Y4C0XO`W



MK?[@_K8:H/_NB_=3Z]^]TW/Y[A_W#\G^M:#1ICB)'PMRV]&CX(1(T'T-JK

M==O)C3
T/_J&T<-?P?[0R/HZ$&TOAH
`9R
WQ_*]1[<=FK.GMZVXB1FN



1(V(D8\NC


MI)$:LYU98RU(C:2)$I`E$`^(#R0`$@*)@
1`$B`K(&L@*9`
R`9(WB:=H-$S

B`;('F;=&)!BZ!/Q$*HN[&0A&+!PSP'L@R
M!.(!\8$$0$(@$9`82`)D!60-)`62`=D`R=ND,_T;.P
O%RDW8B5[/EYO_LV
M*^7NXT)R6+08DTLT8=*-AR3&5
4#R*)N15UKY8^V;ELV(@ZL!\0'$@`)@41`
M8B`)D!60-9`42`9D`R271`Y9)T1TJ[\:HC_*MVJQ?2%$M/_C&`F7;HPDL5LQ
M`K*09$0_K1AI2[EE(VIB!



MNIO[B`*%KIPP9)4\H6F
#6.DGS!BD3IACA!M&(D2U]B#[]FI+Q21)E5SJ_


/7L02
MU?4848)HQ4@64&7DF\'B3J6L4O89H@VC[L@XW9')6?5G(].]/XB]_=+[?^
MM
WCKL^





:($T8I1^YD

9#\=8PICD+.D
NJ&4U06/A%.(=?24R)+





*$&T8M3.6;BZE%7*/D.T823[:0QM!SJ:LZ9RZL93E#7:#^J_N`?759#6




J
CLXM'

MHCYU7'K!B3QSW










!*P$

!*H&=`9$3Q


M.-QO;W^]V8W;5&+?*]RZ
6VKJ-V_;)['M;PA%UNRT:_
MO$KLUX@XO_`25@JI1Z0:DI[!]T8AK6K5*<2H5E8A/6\5&3`3!AP?J&?'`P7$
M[6PL,,3.M`HD=*-62`,(.=8J3J<0HQK='K.B<;NIG=T\X^/W;/CL0/B5BPV


.K+!8BOHA%_HU:91F
M:(!5^D7_MT_9M%(C;+50IR&#0J1M$0+M+%MH]V!T8Y'+D^C




\0RC(/7D1@$4+4*EV.Y7_BC*1Q7=]EI##4*PSTVJ;*$VZQ9))-5I







M/)HJI3S27A&+;`B9

@0=*0_BRSH;SZ?J?VF1TXB

MM$=.(NQ\HLU7HC=\\G0Q^P*LC%Y7.4K'I&,::A!-.EB3X;:)'#0TR)&\VR
M(WB\Z1-7A:L'.?&'.;_E2*
:@(]T+&37.A+.6)%S:DX*@!*BAB&X#*R;`+
MEF55J$AHM5*G(:/%K1!WYS9JOXN$8OM\+G[
OM/V._^3KHR^D.5S_^2!!#:D

MQ2H/+%K#%=0@]8FO1FUR.AH72
9EF$1NEB


W4@UVJE3D-&BUN`@OC$)0KB



0T.^UE#$*;+
M+HW1LP=)/#YT
JY9%J%CZCV2$A'C$]`SK()\E5L54EANE3QH*0*+K%)0@ZQQ

E$5$_)1LO(/7F[B6R\:F*LT`B\T:([WB@
M7CHW6

W%CJ%

9FKE:./E&(O

]Q5QR/G0#*%&
MLUH-=1HR&K(:ZB

8*$5-6J]

M:H(HS-2BTB`+2OERDKMG



M&K1X8@Q0%6N)0J/%B^`L7AP
/RAWQ




MG
G


!CPD$LLGB\


NA8+&N=H$U
MC2-/[!LMR7
M$9\=L?`BS$D78=





+!QD[18[ORVS_*X!*





MA_X^5;L7$(IM0X0:9


M&JH0[J]81E?$(G_'AE%4`P0_`KNZ7/U



M/9*W]

MNZCK\`[J3_\7````__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`;9F9#$4#``5P``&0``


M5.VJ;I













M\0\``/__`P!02P
+GW3_!9-M)<#N$*2@<V+YSO

`^#8:(DL#




85*5P-AR]$_\:7:J
MLKY4U^

DKC.
MJ0(TBUWHCG$B+]=BCY[*.S&K;?``NM@K.B9(TG3<<KIN5F/K'Y#H=K:Q_N-
M%TPZ-8
)+K/\CG[15KS0
&J@JWG78+;%:US7W



EX_#T1,N$3]B95F`YL+I,&GBMCPX_US3)
MY*2R<#S7#9PRR2L;&9;U,QSL<,A3&K/T4M*J09*:%DD#^ODI/_..K4R?H2N3
M^O5R_IRR\@P4^[S(FP]):EMENOQVK%B=[`OP^YW,DK3CEB\#^C)/:\;9H9D`
MG8-ASXOG(4#3)M5EH

9G9SF8E`_1O3J^\]VSQ$[O^7N?9
M][RB$&W(D\C`GK%7`?V6B2&8[`QFO\@
_%E;&3TDEZ+YBUV_TOQX:B#=/G@D

=KO!T'S8*%[

MQFJ





@CMW_V

MDL^NRODD[T6.#


M
/W4&4\9...!])

/WQJ<CS#]=_T-QQS8W:#




2J7HU6-J
&!+2*#

M1E_W^LCM45D$%E!JM4)&O:.?NLY=:W8&6X8.K?`#8S3+F(W3!:J1M&I/[+

M8DR#-5L5KC[\\6DZ*V&%#0JUB(P(J;85Q-K3Z1*]QZM+1)EK&X]Y[\1J-W2?

(#M=E
MGN$H;E/]'
XH2$)%5/_7T]%*'06H%BLN=I-RNH3W8B1'T$@9=#*A+UQ:R8


17M+]9J-;H*42UHN.WSZ0PJ=R
F7D@A
HBL
M(



W
RD:

%
M\\0C!N*MBLM\1M&1^:Q8\7R+Q1SJ32<VB:AR#?,9[N3^VG<GHRJ(*A&(UE=
ME0&J!0W5+2N3R1^&M3)
`\\@LH*X&RL7!6Q#.[%)A-UYK7J&K;J@(.P@ZK!Y
MUW'BNEJ0M$L3/!QHQ
9/2B!NT




M





CRS4


ML9_VJEL9']_DHY6&#:!:K'13U@CR
Q8

MQKX;XG.8?+12-PJQ4K:96IC$D\/C&MEG(:,060%'5/OQ@1



MR)O1





S6D%\2#2A
M7CC*L5T@%/K7]=_@W_/+*;?QOE


M$%E!X8S1%K@3J[=F#)ZR



MTGOWWHRAB^/]1!_

/+/[1!5B&I$

C*$A!B[CQ42NY;Q4C=S1V)
.)U;#37.8E

MJI4ZF;6TNM9BI?O31I!:M8@



M-LQX5^(''*

&CY(OP9$T$[
M6LF



MU-)TXL\89K5XL_&.2W%3
6




7-U_A?S



7

H.59O45WN

+P^U!

M#O&CIZ)IPY)I6J/\M6FK\W\\RA9:7

M7'TF&L*G:.B


M+&8;]UCFWX_2#_*.J7QB

&2
MFLGZ)@A
$)H@
D%L@L0$J0(F8(OT!G+_5WC#9)@WV*LM@MXLQS`([);X+`
M!*$)(A/$)DA



$+-IE/XI^=4*'50.2(D
MEN3&M1+M6J[G+*;FM5*I`]?2/&2EWATF=N&ZBXCT%#(FT*Z/PM[Z%`6(G,XV
MVW;G^B



:+/GXBBF*($D9V(6/U6TPQ8B=6(5Y
MATDLW$@G@?1T
HYI._9`BC7LL\G*$#4;X=Z1T(,Z&4BBF**$D0_4DXQ8&!Q
M8H7H'1;QNE5;G`3J1W9G$^13%!2JB5$O59$44Q1@JC72A$-I`4K
._HLZA0




M78]

M2

O



+3.OEH0(%=-JM#AU7

-/E$']A@_T]`O!PI!LFMD
MYX




1-*9E!K(S

MG4Y
LJ8[<)#NYU(
S7QH.@]33*MH@FJ]'%--%C5Q!'5IX6FB07)
M/DVDF9IXT+L^R;2*)A^&(XMBVZ=#]^#^7)7/6\P.*Q

1RBA&2V


M\95#LJ\
XD48@SZ5)E=H5'ETL];EP3V)=YW1OE]H06SW5Y8PAU0K];
&O=O!

X:4W@

MV.]@Z/W:*HJD)


MNCCS
M
I[^5615QJG(K%-)BOGA/__Q_=N;O]\_/3\\_OAXUKP]/WMS_^/N\?/#CU\_



M_Y^_/OS^G


O^<`O^]].;S_=?;O_X]O)_'O\<[Q]^_?J
M^[U!2I+9^\__;.^?[R`I3O-VM9$SW3U^0P?POV^^/TAM0)+;?WP\6^'#Y]?

M;



A


*O_[ITVS^O#N[RC
MNQBSXYC&1NQ3A%2AG+;UH/.@]V#P8/1@\F!6X!UDR=J@Y$D;&3H+M9'3B#8I






M.S*;!%MHZB8@-YLXJ?9-CDHYMXPZ1CVC@='(:&(T&V1D6'E3^[H
AW`[J4:D



64[D@9PEW



!H938QF@ZP

NH8]8P&
M1B.CB=%LD

IH8
MS099A;SW/'4VR:94B^$-R$6





:
M&(V
)D:S03;G9;[T@GUI1%)YZM;[-=$2E91I&76

BP]K[T


T&686\ZSS17ZRS'2U#Y

M9#0QF@VR*HCA^_G'R#KZ0V6R(M+O*HQ:1AVCGM'`:&0T
9H-LCF++=0YRT@Y
MZ0MDZV`P]5

72$I5*H&74


FDN
M_6)IB4H)MHPZ1CVC@='(:&(T&V1E$/^H1]81&8+=-

G(#.;$&K7A#I&/:.!


ME)XX91S.XQ9+5U=N'.Q2%.H@CQ;O/TI
%HQ1QZAG-#`:&4V
9H.L8-[1OCY6


RM#U$*
MM1S5


M^L@]A-OEN(ALIZZ]`4Q1IE/7Y7%O.[7

MZAD-C$9&$Z/9(*O0

1D83H]D@F_
R
[%E
Q&1

IH8S099&=#[!8_RK82[!U1`YEE`

!H938QF@VS.WK[(A'#2YT5;=C81N0FA&*G#KXOL2U2IBG`N


MHY'1Q&@VR
ELI8V5Z\E18+
M5X`OV;)&Y*:3LG81IY/H3\MW`MO2,%5*QZAG-#`:&4V,9H.L1,LLZR5;UHA,
M643+JG,FU''#GM'`:&0T,9H-LCF+.=0K;J<_9(+-U(MQEP&9JL!O9=J_=-R7
MJ%0+:..4<]H8#0RFAC-!EF%_DV6];)B65?G927M




-;N8B-3G

24JU4#+J&/4
QH8C8PF1K-!5B)Q1%JB(V41




-'
M
2I(:1?/KSZJK


BA#(L2@B&9.D646M3EGCYJ8&A`83%.
:1/#.D3
M0_K$D#XQI$\
Z1-#^IJY]&MN];3/
9MS]JN)N:FG+'.DX1/MJ?I83S5-0PIJ


6R+0@S[HA##QBC$L#
*
6R-HIG33KRDUN[(.(O;K)AJ2ENO




#5P
.\00T$00_K$D#XQI$\

0B!K&(02QB$(L8Q-+
B27.

6A'#-H1





^?FKBEBY6FN@U[=3CEE*QH6`.*\7#&I1'-0B
M!K6(02UB4(L8U-+,J276T:MURM23-G-!7:H9V;U'[9H4A@&=PUP0M`M^%O.3
MTHX8M

M%$&18A!$6)0A!@4(09%B$$1S9PBXA7*!(=I38]9FN8-/6$.#7-8.HAAO2)



MJ$4
:A&#6L2@EF9.+3&`7JV3'E/12=K'E%LJQ6
J&\ZB'D_*.2CI!.V(03MB
IR*#-&7PKYH`;F$E6)A

HLBV()


]?2:GGAA%

W

RL-%U=N&0A
M90S#



A7491:


M



3ZD.94AR4)`8EB:$H-7-%*09_25'&EP3]
MX$X;(9F2\;*A*$-3^%NE#$H0@R*$(
BQ*`(

KH$







M8@




:1/#.D30_K$D#XQI$\
Z6OFTA?;MB3]8/-L^MGZZ8*@
M-=NT.Y@9(KEI*A(H0@R*$(
BQ*`(


2@#$H0@R*$(,BQ*(9DX1

:A&#6L2@

)_E


M:B(&18A!$6)0A!@4(09%-'.*B)-;HDAP?E81[0;3U$

!4$
Z1-#^L20/C&D
M3PSI$T/ZFKGTQ;;I]&7J7M+W/WQ_/+X?;Q_^/6PNGCTZ\YQXR^K3':%JE:V
MM.QJ]@Q+M9*;JEHA!K&(02QB$(L8Q(&L31S8HG)\V*=-/

MTHIL2NUPJQ+EU!]Q4V5-A885.%S98YL



M!1FS4UGT/

//+5EZ6.)VY3

&@4(,Z1-#^L20/C&DKYE+7[R@3E\JY<0O/:6=U\P@
MREY3%PNM\\:F:KQ`K=PT%0;4(@:UB$$M8E+&-0B!K4T<VJ)^]-J'2N6Z!:-
M(H&I5#&K$D/ZQ)`^
:1/#.D30_K$D#XQI*^92U^LGDY?BN6T5ZFKX!KM
(I.
MTDXL_%#.8:DN(!8QB$4
8A&#6


M\CN7OM2NAVXTTI?Z.7$,[0X_#,#G7,FQ5;4O5Q=R[/!1K=;R['#'U'0L4LY

MMY7[AT]KJL?D_N%SB^HQN7]8U*\=NY3[AV7UZC&Y1UC[Y6
W^):2:%;34[YR
DSZB2]%5(_)?<=7`*K'Y-[B
M\_'J

W^%XZ=
&W:_F8?

M

+C]5C4KO5ZT$7Z0O^





M]5F_WC52P


W7RH5OT;?
M\$LHM2/H&WZ



&O?X+






M@







M$+(C)0D(B0F)-&)H1),'T.E_HJRPJW;L7`3FP$\6`4.GG8W#/EV79&V
PG
M)!D1TA(2$1(3$BB$Z/OL/;?T7=N;?9=$$]42;X^;@GQ0D(V1$2$A(1$A.2
MZ
3HZ
!?&^2)-<C2Z:T;0S




MQI2


M



C)T8NU0MNTC


UK4



M01$7ENQ_I+2K(*+@9A'$W%/%SC``^.LT-9\:$)'R^_#[5N_[T]H-EXOXS@\)



M.N8_SG$FCMYY%[6+BP[B&8'\^1U$X?1RGN%W%;29HMMB&VQ4Q8\D=QM.@79
M%.134!C``XE:)V3O?]#)O7=:H1;!4;AP424LE/I%.034$^!84!+%$A%A7

M#)$
D1R1PB26N`B+XVO_@S.3



)^R1/#]CE'$WY\[W-@6

M;]I@U(501A#*%1+Y@BD^DRG[)U\18]7Y=LZ.8ZDTCG:U+:=T0;C+H0RK!5

M\'

M0:]






</=U.P.1$






M:&5E='
/Z-O--HNK_?YF=9D;;Z1UOR^^?67U0MM'ML3(9T!G6[
M-D]==PDLJRU.I,K;;V0&GXYT*;*._C:'*WVTI!\WP^JSI9KVS.KRLO:Y`I!


A-W

IW;G@/AQ@-INZADDJ91/+4=

NWZP:^F+`&@`'VTO.5I03.##-8J*XK7+J?C9S
&5
Y8[)








$%``&``@````A`(_'


M%(;O*_4=HMQO0D[





@\G]


M

M:T?LQ=7MJ_)Y2?GK[X(G/M147FF9B&X))T-+$(E$JTE?FKVQZ^L3*E;WE1M(


MAD*:7U`=OM8O)JC[)8@^H
SX5W7'P@(S$XBE&
MF52Z^KQ<1L&:5;WRS=*[UN1U@]G&%&_.SR\,61<OO##@^T&^,5R^O]6W%+Y1
MLY8RA:




M3A_YT9]Q!\HZ'`KV1VCHC@=W/+;T1T?[O0#;MR)PBE\[^`6T60*7Q89Y
I













M-(;I$7N
X.;FM+X)!80FD!D`K$)):0*L`
9.FU`4/^']IP&JX-5K5#8!#+

+VYGJA
M.Q%CJ\9Q]9!]']*+09`(%!(H+$!$D(DJJ(I@FL6T03OEQ_\
;A-%O+AB5`
MN7.6N@0[&32F4A_2JT20@`A02*Q`1))*JB*82**I-.X8'MV)@47L!.+`
M+/3RV)YYM_1!F.83)!(2)((#%!$H*D*J+5#L^;#]3.H_7:!0*U8UE[@O@$



'2G@@&T]2%95-3=UQ%'JVK


ME[=G?12JXE
H0$C
.6/LCDZ$*


M1.=V78?


&B?0@%P@VVO?2\.TL\

I:0

?U.@FX)
$HXBS'77=RY
MR\F`$1TP1JK1`1.

MAS[P\:&'Q;F^O]K`-A$
8.#Q:@



M``#__P

@WU`GY
M)C9`RSR?40-!*!$$/0!3-Q')B%1R0KIWWPX`)2FT8,`&I$56T.]N`&_PSPM#
M<M(T.NQ=G&G4/64K^15.[1WJJ=CW?=97@T;T+^CS\NYA&#75]K`K80?]M
*
M#


'[YY_S3P```/__`P!02P
$


^019Y:`L4NKPVX%#D$
@72]CWMFU

:7NMU7(&IF03F+_`@OV`HM:`
M5]Z67''


MEUY==-3]^CXE6?1CSDA
2^&8ASDV
-*
%GH?HJ/AEQMVI(PPDDU0S;4?&M*G



M




M(_4```!
`@``P````````````````&!```7W)E;'

M;'

M:&5E='

``+\-```9



BYX;6Q02P$+0`4``8`````$`817YB;`

M+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0`60IX'F0(``'@&```9````````````````




&PO=V]R:W-H965T







QI```-

M+W-H965T










RYX;6Q02P$+0`4``8````
&UL4$L!`BT`
M%``&``@````A`#NFO[:C!```P1(``!D`````````````````-_@``'AL+W=O



M=#
Y+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0#.WJ(G%04``!D3```9````````````




M


M965T










S

\N


U+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(
M````(0!MF9D
10







M:&5E=#




Q+GAM;%!+
M`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0#8+\:$*`4``$(3```9`````````````````'(?`@!X


M.YX;6Q02P$+0`4``8`````$`C\=D++0%```B%P``&0``````````````



8;6Q02P4&`````$\`3P;%0``33X````
`
end











    
  
      

Subsequent Events (Details Narrative) (Catamaran Services
 Inc [Member]
 Subsequent Event [Member]
 USD $)

        
        

      














        
        


Debt instrument
 principal amount
        

000


Percentage of convertible notes interest
 prime rate plus
        
        


Percentage of convertible notes interest rate
 maximum
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 under the debt agreement.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 under the debt agreement.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      











          

        
        


        

400
400

527
000


        

367
700

192
200


        

100

030
900


        

400

400


        

400

894
900


        

000

300



          

        
        


        

006
100
        


        

500
        


        

746
800
        



          

        
        


        

900

300




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          











Long term debt
 total

657
400
        


        

500
        


        

104
900
        



          

        
        


Long term debt
 total

657
400
        




        
          

        
          
            

 due to related parties. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 due to related parties.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 payable to related parties
 which are due after one year (or one business cycle).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

as follows:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
4
100
    
    
    
2
700
    

    
    
    
4
100
    
    
    
2
700
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
4
100
    
    
    
2
700
    




        
        


provision and the tax provision computed by applying the statutory US federal and United Kingdom income tax rates to earnings before
taxes is attributable to the following:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(517
600
    
    
    
(26
600
    

    
    
    
(77
200
    
    
    
21
800
    

    
    
    
129
900
    
    
    
127
900
    

    
    
    
23
400
    
    
    
17
400
    

    
    
    
4
800
    
    
    
1
800
    

    
    
    
440
800
    
    
    
(139
600
    

    
    
    
4
100
    
    
    
2
700
    




        
        


tax assets and liabilities are as follows:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
5
572
100
    
    
    
5
282
300
    

    
    
    
(1
653
800
    
    
    
(1
827
900
    

    
    
    
80
500
    
    
    
103
600
    

    
    
    
3
998
800
    
    
    
3
558
000
    

    
    
    
(3
998
800
    
    
    
(3
558
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
440
800
    
    
    
(139
600
    






        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but not limited to: current tax expense (benefit)
 deferred tax expense (benefit)
 investment tax credits
 government grants
 the benefits of operating loss carryforwards
 tax expense that results from allocating certain tax benefits either directly to contributed capital or to reduce goodwill or other noncurrent intangible assets of an acquired entity
 adjustments of a deferred tax liability or asset for enacted changes in tax laws or rates or a change in the tax status of the entity
 and adjustments of the beginning-of-the-year balances of a valuation allowance because of a change in circumstances that causes a change in judgment about the realizability of the related deferred tax asset in future years.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities
 the total of all deferred tax assets
 the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















/* Updated 2009-11-04 */
/* v2.2.0.24 */
/* DefRef Styles */
..report table.authRefData{
	background-color: #def;
	border: 2px solid #2F4497;
	font-size: 1em;
	position: absolute;
}
..report table.authRefData a {
	display: block;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report table.authRefData p {
	margin-top: 0px;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide {
	background-color: #2F4497;
	padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px;
	text-align: right;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover {
	background-color: #2F4497;
}
..report table.authRefData .body {
	height: 150px;
	overflow: auto;
	width: 400px;
}
..report table.authRefData table{
	font-size: 1em;
}
/* Report Styles */
..pl a
 .pl a:visited {
	color: black;
	text-decoration: none;
}
/* table */
..report {
	background-color: white;
	border: 2px solid #acf;
	clear: both;
	color: black;
	font: normal 8pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	margin-bottom: 2em;
}
..report hr {
	border: 1px solid #acf;
}
/* Top labels */
..report th {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
	text-align: center;
}
..report th.void	{
	background-color: transparent;
	color: #000000;
	font: bold 10pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	text-align: left;
}
..report .pl {
	text-align: left;
	vertical-align: top;
	white-space: normal;
	width: 200px;
	word-wrap: break-word;
}
..report td.pl a.a {
	cursor: pointer;
	display: block;
	width: 200px;
	overflow: hidden;
}
..report td.pl div.a {
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl a:hover {
	background-color: #ffc;
}
/* Header rows... */
..report tr.rh {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
}
/* Calendars... */
..report .rc {
	background-color: #f0f0f0;
}
/* Even rows... */
..report .re
 .report .reu {
	background-color: #def;
}
..report .reu td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
/* Odd rows... */
..report .ro
 .report .rou {
	background-color: white;
}
..report .rou td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
..report .rou table td
 .report .reu table td {
	border-bottom: 0px solid black;
}
/* styles for footnote marker */
..report .fn {
	white-space: nowrap;
}
/* styles for numeric types */
..report .num
 .report .nump {
	text-align: right;
	white-space: nowrap;
}
..report .nump {
	padding-left: 2em;
}
..report .nump {
	padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em;
}
/* styles for text types */
..report .text {
	text-align: left;
	white-space: normal;
}
..report .text .big {
	margin-bottom: 1em;
	width: 17em;
}
..report .text .more {
	display: none;
}
..report .text .note {
	font-style: italic;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report .text .small {
	width: 10em;
}
..report sup {
	font-style: italic;
}
..report .outerFootnotes {
	font-size: 1em;
}











    
  
      

          

        

      










        

100
        


        

607
000
        


        
        
        


        

575
900

245
700


        
        
        



          

        
        


        

373
400

527
000


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 amount of receivables arising from transactions with related parties.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.(a)
3)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        


are as follows:



    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    




        
        


earnings per share are as follows:



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(876
900
    
    
    
558
400
    

    
    
    
12
611
133
    
    
    
12
611
133
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
91
300
    

    
    
    
(876
900
    
    
    
649
700
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
2
288
102
    

    
    
    
12
611
133
    
    
    
14
899
235
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    






        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including a reconciliation of numerators and denominators of the basic and diluted per-share computations for income from continuing operations.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          











        
        
        


Year Ending December 31
 2014

400
        


Year Ending December 31
 2015

400
        


Year Ending December 31
 2016

400
        


Year Ending December 31
 2017

400
        


Capital lease future minimum payment due
 total

600
        


        

600)
        


        

000
        


        

300

100


        

700
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 maintenance
 and taxes to be paid by the lessor
 together with any profit thereon) net of payments or other amounts applied to the principal
 through the balance sheet date and due to be paid more than one year (or one operating cycle
 if longer) after the balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including amounts paid by the lessee to the lessor for insurance
 maintenance and taxes.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      










Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]
        
        


        

105
400

048
100




        
          

        
          
            

 intangible assets
 or depleting assets to periods that benefit from use of the assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        


        

900)

400


        

611
133

611
133


        
        
        


        
        

300


        

900)

700


        
        

288
102


        

611
133

899
235


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after adjustment for contingently issuable shares or units and other shares or units not deemed outstanding
 determined by relating the portion of time within a reporting period that common shares or units have been outstanding to the total time in that period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          







        
        


Year Ending December 31
 2014

938
800


        

938
800




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including but not limited to
 long-term debt
 capital lease obligations
 operating lease obligations
 purchase obligations
 and other commitments.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

Unrestricted Net Assets - Condensed Statement of Operations of US Operations (Details) (Mendocino
 MBC And Releta Company [Member]
 USD $)

        

      














        
        


        

024
400

228
300


        

354
400

383
900


Selling
 marketing
 and retail expenses

710
600

754
500


        

094
200

984
600


        

134
800)

300


        

200)

000)


        

600)
        


        

300

500


        

100)

700)


Other income and (expense)
 total

600)

200)


        

526
400)

900)




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 services rendered
 insurance premiums
 or other activities that constitute an earning process. Includes
 but is not limited to
 investment and interest income before deduction of interest expense when recognized as a component of revenue
 and sales and trading gain (loss).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        


US Federal income tax expense (benefit)
 rate
        
        


United Kingdom income tax expense (benefit)
 rate
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

Long-Term Debt - Related Party - Schedule of Related Party Debt (Details) (Parenthetical) (Loan from Heineken UK Limited Notes With 5% Prime Plus Interest Rate [Member]
 USD $)

        

      











          

        
        


        

100
        


Loans payable
 interest rate above prime rate
        
        


        

				09
				 2016

				09
				 2016




        
          

        
          
            

 in CCYY-MM-DD format.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
 -Paragraph 19
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        




 consisting of materials
 materials
overhead
 labor
 and manufacturing overhead
 are stated at the lower of average cost or market (net realizable value) and consist
of the following at December 31:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
813
000
    
    
    
807
000
    

    
    
    
357
700
    
    
    
323
600
    

    
    
    
967
600
    
    
    
732
300
    

    
    
    
103
700
    
    
    
47
600
    

    
    
    
2
242
000
    
    
    
1
910
500
    






        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 the basis of stating inventory
 the method of determining inventory cost
 the major classes of inventory
 and the nature of the cost elements included in inventory. If inventory is stated above cost
 accrued net losses on firm purchase commitments for inventory and losses resulting from valuing inventory at the lower-of-cost-or-market may also be included. For LIFO inventory
 may disclose the amount and basis for determining the excess of replacement or current cost over stated LIFO value and the effects of a LIFO quantities liquidation that impacts net income.
              
 -Subparagraph a
 b
 c
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          











        
        
        


        

572
100

282
300


        

653
800)

827
900)


        

500

600


        

998
800

558
000


        

998
800)

558
000)


        
        
        


        

800

600)




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable temporary differences.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (b)
(c)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















begin 644 Financial_Report.xls
M[[N_34E-12U697)S:6]N.B`Q+C`-E@M1&]C=6UE;G0M5'EP93H@5V]R:V)O
M;VL-D-O;G1E;G0M5'EP93H@;75L=&EP87)T+W)E;&%T960[(&)O=6YD87)Y
M/2(M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]C-C9E
6(R85\S8V9B7S1F-V5?86(S
%]A9C9D
M




M93%B
F%?
V-F8E\T9C=E7V%B
S!?868V9#!E





M.F]F9FEC93IO9F9I8V4B('AM;&YS.G@]
T0B=7)N.G-C:&5M87


N
M;W)G+U12+U)%0RUH=&UL-#`B/@T*/&AE860^#0H\;65T82!N86UE/3-$(D5X

T1&:6QE+4QI


M7T)A;&%N8V5?4VAE971S/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T4V]U



M7U-T871E;65N='-?;V9?3W!E/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T

&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*



M=&5D7U-T871E;65N='-?;V9?0V%S/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H




M=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^3&EQ=6ED
M:71Y7V%N9%]-86YA9V5M96YT7U!L86YS/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R




#DN
M:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC96Q7

M=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^4V5C=7)E
M9%]


;VYG5&5R;5]$96)T/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R




M=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^0V%P:71A
M;%]

&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-






O4VAE970Q.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@(`\+W@Z

3DN:'1M
M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC96Q7;W)K


M
C`N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC

M=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^56YR97-T






T0B5V]R



O


#I.


M:&5E='
O4VAE970S









M965T
S8N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z












M;'
















#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS:&5E=%-O=7)C

O4VAE970T.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@(`\+W@Z

O

#I.86UE/D-A<&ET86Q?3&5A<V5?
#I.

#I7;W)K<VAE
M9713;W5R8V4@2%)E9CTS1)7;W)K<VAE971S+U-H965T-3(N:'1M;(O/@T*
M(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC96Q7;W)K<VAE970^

M=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^0V]M;6ET
M;65N='-?86YD7T-O;G1I;F=E;F-I97-?

&-E;%=O<FMS
5]4<F%N<V%C=&EO;G-?



O4VAE970U-BYH









M3F%M93Y);F-O;65?5&%X97-?4V-H961U;&5?;V9?1&]M97
\+W@Z3F%M93X-

M961U;&5?;V9?1&]M97
Q/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T4V]U


&5S


&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*


MB`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^4V5G;65N=%])





M=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^56YR97-T


M:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC96Q7

M=&5C=%=I;F1O=W


MCPO:'1M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]C-C9E
6(R85\S8V9B7S1F
M-V5?86(S
%]A9C9D


T0G




T0Q/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q

M
34L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5N
M+B`S


T1T





]
'0^
M)S`P
#`Y
3DQ



]
T1P



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^1&]C=6UE;G0@4&5R:6]D($5N9!$
M871E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#Y$96
@
S$L#0H)


M9VX]


]



M871E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG+2TQ
BTS
3QS



]



]



]
T1T


]

]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P





T1T


]

M($9O8W5S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG
C`Q
SQS

M871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO8S8V93%B
F%?
V-F8E\T9C=E7V%B
S!?868V
M9#!E

O4VAE970P
BYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R





M;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7


M86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q+`R,#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@




T1T;W`^

C0L.#`P


]
T1N=6UP/C4L-#(Q+#8P


]

]
T1N=6UP/C(L
C0R
M+#`P













2PY
M




]


]
T1N=6UP/C

M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^5&]T86P@3W1H97(@07-S971S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@


C8X+#@P




]
T1N=6UP/C(P
M+#(U
2PU




]
T1R93X-


]

]
T1N=6UP/C0L.#DS+#@P



T1T;W`^

M1&YU;7`^

2PV-3(L

@




]
M


\+W1D/@T*


]
T1R974^

M=7)R96YT($QI86)I;&ET:65S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$

RPV

3`L.34X+#4P



]

]
M




@=&\@

M


RPT







T1T;W`^3&]N


T1T;W`^3&]N9R!T97)M(&QE




:6%B

C`L


]
T1P

]
T1N=6UP/C$X+#(S
RPP




]

M97

#`L





T1T;W`^
M0V]M;6]N('-T;V-K+!N;R!P87(@=F%L=64@,S`L,#`P+#`P,!S:&%R97
@
M875T:&]R:7IE9P@,3(L-C$Q+#$S,R!S:&%R97,@:7-S=65D(&%N9!O=71S

]
T1N
M=6UP/C$U+#$P


]


M

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q
RPX




]
T1R974^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT




]
T1N=6UP/B0@
C`L
C4Q+#4P








]


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$L(#(P





]



]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]



@875T:&]R:7IE9#PO=&0^

]
T1N=6UP/C$P+#`P


]








]

]
T1N=6UP/C
P+#`P


#`L
#`P/'-P86X^




M1&YU;7`^
3(L-C$Q+#$S


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]C
M-C9E
6(R85\S8V9B7S1F-V5?86(S
%]A9C9D



M(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]





M/3-$
CXQ
B!-;VYT:'

2P@
C`Q
SQB

#$R




]




S-2PY
#`\




]
T1N=6UP/C$L
#DQ+#
P



S4L-C
U+#DP




M;V8@9V]O9'


]
T1N=6UP/C(X+#0T
BPQ


]
T1N=6UP/C$P+#@P
BPU






BPP

2PP







]
T1N=6UP/C$P+#$S
M
2PR







S4L
M




T1T;W`^36ES8V5L;&%N

]
T1N
M=6UP/C8V+#4P


]

#`I/'-P86X^

#`\





I(&)E9F]R92!I;F-O;64@=&%X97
\+W1D



T1T;W`^



]
T1R974^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

;W-S*3PO










]



]

]






]
T1T97AT



3(L
M-C$Q+#$S


]


]
T1N=6UP/C$R+#8Q
2PQ
S



M+R\O0SHO8S8V93%B
F%?
V-F8E\T9C=E7V%B
S!?868V9#!E
V8Y8S4W+U=O

O4VAE970P-2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D



T1T97AT

M:7

T0Q(')O=W-P
M86X]


M;B!3:&%R97





]


]
T1P;!V
M86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0F%L86YC92!A=!$96
N(#

#`\

M(#4R
RPV

M/3-$;G5M/B0@*#$T+#
X.2PQ


]

N(#


]


]

]



#`\





]
T1N=6T^*#$Q-RPR
#`I



]
T1N=6UP/C(R-RPV

#`L



M

M;7`^
2PY
#


@870@1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q
M

]
T1N=6UP/C$R+#8Q
M
2PQ
S



]

I/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D

]
T1N=6T^*#@W-BPY






]




]
T1N=6UP/B0@
C(W+#8P
#QS


]



30L-S`W+#8P


T1T;W`^

S$L(#(P
3
\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@



]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


6(R85\S
M8V9B7S1F-V5?86(S
%]A9C9D

M;G0]





#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT


]




]









2PQ


2PP-#@L


M(&1O=6)T9G5L(&%C8V]U;G1S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$
M;G5M/B@T.2PT





]


M1&YU;3XH.2PT


]
T1N=6UP/CDP+#DP
M


M9VX]

@


]


M='


T1T;W`^*$EN8W)E87-E*2!D96-R96%S92!I;B!I;G9E

M/B@Q


]

#`I

M.#8L

]

]
M


]
T1P

]
T1N
M=6T^*#$L
C(Q+#
P


]


M
3@Q+#
P



]
M


]



]



]
T1N=6T^*#$L-3`S+#$P

]
T1R;SX-





M1&YU;3XH.#$V+#`P


@




V


]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@


]
T1N=6UP/C$L-38T+#(P


]
T1R







]
T1N



T1T;W`^4&%Y;65N='
@;VX@;V)L:6=A=&EO;G
@=6YD

]
T1N
M=6T^*#
L




]
T1N=6T^
M*#
L






S$R+#(P


]


T1T


]



C`P

M


]


]


M9R!A;F0@9FEN86YC:6YG(&%C=&EV:71I97


T1T;W`^4V5L;&5R(&9I;F%N8V5D(&5Q

RPP
M


M/5].97AT4&%R=%]C-C9E
6(R85\S8V9B7S1F-V5?86(S
%]A9C9D
&4S9CEC






M:7!T:6]N(&]F($]P97)A=&EO;G


3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD

M(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

]
M

]
M



@86YD(%-U;6UA

6QE/3-$)VUA<F=I;CH@
'!T)SX\+W`^#0H-




'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


\+W4^

N+!W87,@9F]R;65D#0II;B`Q.3@S(&EN($-A;&EF;W)N:6$L(&%N
M9!H87
@='=O(&]P97)A=&EN9R!S=6)S:61I87)I97

30W.U)E;&5T828C




@87)E(&QO8V%T960@:6X-



@=&AE(&9L86=S:&EP(&)R86YD+B!);B!A9&1I=&EO;BP@

@8V]N=')A8W0@8G)E=VEN9PT*9F]R('-E

30X.R!A;F0@:71S('9A

30W.W5S



Q-#@[(&ES('5S




M-6EN)SXF(S$V




)B


M:7`@:7

T0G9F]N=#H@

M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

M
T0G9F]N=#H@




@3F5W(%)O;6%N






6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z


'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97








M86-C;W5N='




M/B8C



'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97



2P@
C`Q
R!A;F0@
C`Q



T0G9F]N
M=#H@

M.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

M5&EM97


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


@

















'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97





R4@;V8@


&-H86YG92!T


M=7!T('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B

38P


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E
'0M:6YD


@;VX@86X@;W!E




M='


M+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT
M+6EN9&5N=#H@,XU:6XG/CQI/B8C




'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97








L(&%D9&ET:6]N


M:70@=&\@86-C;W5N='

M;&]W86YC97
@;V8@)#8X+#(P
!A;F0-B0R


#$S

@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M)SXF(S$V












T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

M97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G
M9F]N=#H@





'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




T0G9F]N=#H@
M




#L\+W`^#0H-




@;V8@;6%I


M87



'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97


M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97








T0G=F5R=&EC



M;&4]




M='5R97



'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97





'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97





M

M(S$V




#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(#`N-6EN)SXF(S$V,#L\+W`^#0H-CQP


M;7!A;GD@87-S97-S97








@:7





M9V5M96YT(&-O;6UI='



'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97





M5&EM97




M='
@87)E(')E;6]V960@9G)O;0T*=&AE(')E;&%T960@86-C;W5N='
@86YD


#$Q('=E

#`N#0I!;6]R=&EZ871I;VX@;V8@9&5F97)R960@9FEN86YC

@)#0U+#`P
!F
M;W(@=&AE('EE87)S(&5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R(#,Q+`R

T0G9F]N=#H@

M:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@

M9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\=3Y);F-O;64@
M5&%X97


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97


@:6X@86-C;W)D



N(%5N9&5R#0IT:&4@
!E9F9E8W1S(&]F('1E;7!O
6EN9PT*86UO=6YT



M8FEL:71I97





M;F-E(&ES(&5S=&%B;&ES:&5D('1O(')E9'5C92!T:&4@9&5F97)R960@=&%X

6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N












T0G9F]N=#H@

M97)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN
M9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
M

M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\=3Y2979E;G5E(%)E8V]G;FET:6]N

T0G9F]N=#H@

M=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@

M97)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SY4:&4@0V]M
F5S(')E=F5N=64@9G)O;2!B<F5W:6YG#0IA;F0@9&ES
M=')I8G5T:6]N(&]P97)A=&EO;G
@:6X@86-C;W)D86YC92!W:71H($%30R`V
M
#4N(%1H92!#;VUP86YY(')E8V]G;FEZ97



'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97












#L\+W1D


'!T)SY4

@9FEX960@;W(@9&5T97)M



'!T)SY#;VQL96-T



'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L

M

M.#L-B8C,34P.R`\+VD^5&AE($-O;7!A;GD@9&]C=6UE;G1S(&%L;!T97)M



@










M($1E=&5R;6EN86)L928C
30X.R`F(S$U
#L\+VD^(%!R:6]R('1O(')E8V]G




T0G9F]N=#H@
M

M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@






@87)E('-U8FIE8W0@



M='D@:7

M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




@;W(@

@87



@87
@

@82!C;W)R97-P;VYD:6YG

N

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




@:&%V92!B965N(&-O;7!L971E9X\+W`^#0H-CQP('-T

6QE/3-$)V9O








M92!O9B!A;&-O:&]L:6


@;V8@-C`L
#`P+B!);F1I

@;VX@86QC


@87



M97)A=&EO;G


30V.W




@87)E#0IP

@3F5W(%)O





T0G9F]N=#H@

M.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@



M;G




3
@86YD(#(P
M

38U+#$P
M


'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




M:6]N86P@97AP96YS97





M97



@


T0G9F]N=#H@

M=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@

M97)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\=3Y396%S


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97

M/E-A;&5S(&]F('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B





30V.W







'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


@



M97



@=&%X97
@8V]L;&5C=&5D(&9R;VT@8W5S=&]M97)S



'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M


I('1H92!C;VUP86YY(')E







6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P







!A;F0@)#DQ-PR

@
M96YD960@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3
@86YD(#(P




M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97





#$S+@T*0F%S:6



N(%1H92!C;VUP=71A=&EO;G
@



38P


T0G9F]N=#H@



38P


'!T)SY996%R
M($5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R(#



T0G8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SXR,#$S/]F;VYT






24G/CQF;VYT('-T


M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


#PO9F]N=#X\






M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24G/B8C

M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O

M86YD:6YG/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C


M
2PQ
S
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\
M=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@


3(L-C$Q+#$S

@;F5T

M/B8C


Q-C`[

T0G

XP-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CPO

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C

M=&EB;&4@;F]T97
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-

T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SXD/]F

#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V

T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
M,'!T)SXY,2PS,#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B






'!T)SXV-#DL-S`P/]F;VYT/CPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C




#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*

M;&4]
T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SXR+#(X.PQ



M(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C


Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\
M=&0^)B



#L\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C:V=R;W5N




6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M<VEZ93H@


'!T)SXP+C`T/]F;VYT/CPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E
'0M:6YD

Q-C`[)B

M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'0M:6YD96YT.B`P+C5I;B<^/&(^
M)B

T0G9F]N=#H@









M86YG97




M;G0Z(#`N-6EN)SXF(S$V

#L@
&-H86YG92!R871E<PT*:6X@969F96-T(&%T($1E8V5M8F5R
M(#,Q+`R

@=V5R92!T


@=&AE;B!E;F1E9X-D-H86YG97

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97




T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@
M

M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@


M='

@
M9V5N97)A;&QY(&%C8V5P=&5D(&EN('1H92!5;FET960@4W1A=&5S(&]F($%M
M97)I8V$@:6YC;'5D97
@:&%V:6YG('1H92!#;VUP86YY(&UA:V4@97-T:6UA
M=&5S#0IA;F0@87-S=6UP=&EO;G


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97









M9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$S(&%N9`R

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97




T0G9F]N=#H@








'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L

M86ER('9A;'5E(&]F('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B




M=65S(&EN=&\@=&AE(&9O;&QO=VEN9R!T:')E92!L979E;'

M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


Q-3`[('%U;W1E




@3F5W


B`F(S$U
#L@;V)S97)V86)L92!I;G!U='
@;W1H




M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


@)B
Q-3`[('5N;V)S97)V
M86)L92!I;G!U='


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97

M/D%T($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$S(&%N9`R

@;W(@;&EA8FEL:71I97
@=&AA=!R
M97%U:7)E9!P97)I;V1I8R!R92UM96%S=7)E;65N=!A=!F86ER('9A;'5E

M86XL(%1I;65S+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T
M:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,XU:6XG/B8C





M(%1I;65S+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y
M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,XU:6XG/B8C

M5&EM97

@3F5W(%)O;6%N




M(&-H86YG97


M;65N='










M86YD+!,:65C:'1E;G-T96EN+!

M960-DMI;F=D;VTI(AT:&4@)B





M97

M:&4@=')A;G-A8W1I;VX@:7
@=F%L=65D(&%C8V]R9&EN9R!T;R!T:&4@0V]M

30V.W

M97
@;6%R:V5T('!R:6-E+B!4:&4@8V]S='



'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97



M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@

M9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\=3Y296-E;G0@



M(#`N-6EN)SXF(S$V

#L@=&5X


30W
M.T%/0TDF(S$T.#LI+B!!4U4@3F\N(#(P
3
M

@9&ES8VQO


M9&]P=&5D('1H:7
@9W5I9&%N8V4@8F5G:6YN:6YG(&EN('1H92!F:7)S=!Q
M=6%R=&5R(&]F(#(P,3,N($%D;W!T:6]N(&]F('1H:7,@9W5I9&%N8V4-F1O
M97








M=&5M96YT('!R97-E;G1A=&EO;B!O9B!A;B!U;G)E8V]G;FEZ960@=&%X(&)E



M97(@
34L(#(P
3




'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97





M*&EN8VQU9&EN9R!I='


M('-T871E;65N='



F%?
V-F8E\T9C=E7V%B
S!?868V9#!E
V8Y
M8S4W#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V
V-F4Q8C)A7S-C
M9F)?-&8W95]A8C
P7V%F-F0P93-F.6

#@N



^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@*B\\+W-C

$5

3(@36]N=&AS

S$L(#(P
3




:7%U:61I='D@86YD($UA;F%G96UE;G0@4&QA;G
\




'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L

M;F4@
C
L(#(P


M.#LI+B!4:&4@06=R965M96YT('!R;W9I9&5S(&$@8W)E9&ET(&9A8VEL:71Y

C
L(#(P
38@;V8@=7`@
M=&\@)#$P+#`P

3DL
#`P(')E

2PY
S0L



#`P(')E86P@97-T871E

2PP
#`L


M=&AE('!R;V-E961S(')E8V5I=F5D('5N9&5R('1H92!!9W)E96UE;G0@=V5R





M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M=6ER97



C`Q
2!W:&EC:!T:&4@9FEX960@


M;CH@

M)SXF(S$V



2P@
C`Q



M;V0@8F5G:6YN:6YG($IU;F4@
2P@
C`Q




6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P







2!K:6YD+B!4:&4@979E;G0@;V8@9&5F875L=!S:&%L;!B92!D
M965M960@8V]N=&EN=6EN9PT*=6YT:6P@=V%I=F5D(&EN('=R:71I;F<@8GD@
M0V]L92!487EL;W(N(%1H92!$969A=6QT($YO=&EC92!S=&%T97,@=&AA=!#


3



M(&1E9F%U;'0@9&5S8W)I8F5D(&EN('1H92!$969A=6QT($YO=&EC92!A;F0@




M=!R96-E:79E9!A;GD@;F]T:6-E(&]R(&]T:&5R(&-O;6UU;FEC871I;VX-



M9F9E8W0@;VX@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDF(S$T-CMS(&9I;F%N8VEA;`T*8V]N9&ET
2!F;W(@34)#



'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97






2P@
C`Q
R!W87







T0G9F]N=#H@

M:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SY792!H879E('-E=F5R86P@;&]A;G
L(&QI;F5S(&]F
M(&-R961I=P@;W1H97(-F-R961I=!F86-I;&ET:65S(&%N9!L96%S92!A



Q-#@[*2X@5V4@8W5R


@87
@=&AE


@:6X@=&AE(&EM;65D

M86YY(&]F('1H92!F:6YA;F-I86P@8V]V96YA;G1S('5N9&5R('1H90T*=F%R

@*'-U8V@@
M87









@


S$L(#(P
3

S(T+#@P
P@86X@86-C=6UU
M;&%T960@9&5F:6-I=!O9B`D
30L-S`W+#8P






M=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P



30W.U52$PF(S$T
M.#LI+!#;VUP86YY)B





)B



M92!-0D

2P@


N02XL#0IA;F0@
M87

30V.W
@:6YD:7)E8W0@


30V.W

M;&QY82P@:7
@86QS;R!T:&4@8VAA:7)M86X@;V8@=&AE(&)O87)D(&]F(&1I


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97

M9GDG/E1H92!#;VUP86YY(')E8V5I=F5D(&$@;&5T=&5R(&1A=&5D($YO=F5M
M8F5R#0HQ
2P@
C`Q

BPP
#`L
#`P(&EN('1H92!#



('=O=6QD(&-O;G-I9&5R(&%D9&ET:6]N

T0G
M9F]N=#H@

M9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@


M=&EO;G

M86P@;F5E9'



M='



M=&EO;G


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L

M(&)E8V]M97
@;F5C97-S87)Y('1O('-E96L@54)(38C,30V.W,-F9I;F%N












M=%]C-C9E
6(R85\S8V9B7S1F-V5?86(S
%]A9C9D










]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#




]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@





'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97





'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97





M;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SXF(S$V

M
B!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@

T0G=&5X
M=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/B8C

C`Q
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL



M)B


#PO9F]N


M




M(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT


M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
M



Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B




T0G=F5R


38P.SPO=&0^#0H@




#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P



M


M(#(N


T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SXR+#(T,BPP,#`\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
M

'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT)SX\

#PO9F]N

M+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,XU:6XG/CQB/CPO


M=%]C-C9E
6(R85\S8V9B7S1F-V5?86(S
%]A9C9D



M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH
M=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N



M*B!$;R!.;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7

]




]



M

6QE/3-$)VUA<F=I;CH@




'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


@82!S=6UM87)Y

@86-C

3H\+W`^#0H-




#`E.R!B


M;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P
M86X]




'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E<B<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
M

M
'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E<B<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\+W1R






T0G=VED=&@Z(#$T)3L@=&5X

3(L-#8X+#0P






M+#`P



M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P

#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V

T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
M,'!T)SXW+#(R,BPQ,#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B


M=&%L(&QE87-E/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@


M+#`P
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9#XF(S$V

'!T)SXQ.#
L-S`P/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
M


M/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*

M;&4]
T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SXX,3`L.3`P/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C


PY
M,#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B

\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B



M#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@


M-#4Y+#8P


Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[




T0G

3!P

#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S

T0G9F]N
M=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SXS-3(L-3`P/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C


U.2PV
#`\+V9O;G0^




M)B



'!T)SXR
M


M;VTZ(&)L86-K(#$N-7!T('-O;&ED)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X



#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
MB`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@


C(L
M-C8Q+#0P


M(#$N-7!T)SXF(S$V


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@




T0G9F]N



'!T)SXH
3`L-S(T+#(P
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C


M;&4]


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
M

3$L-C8T+#@P
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@8FQA8VL@

'0M86QI9VXZ

M-RPR

38P.SPO



#0X+#$P


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]C-C9E
6(R85\S8V9B7S1F
M-V5?86(S
%]A9C9D



M@T*/&AT;6P^#0H@(#QH96%D/@T*(`@(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]
T1#

]
T13:&]W

M1'1L(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]



M1'1H/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@




M


]


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M8W5R960@3&EN97



M5&EM97


@
24@86YD(&ES('-E8W5R


M;W5N=!O=71S=&%N9&EN9R!O;B!T:&ES(&QI;F4@;V8@8W)E9&ET(&%S(&]F
M($1E8V5M8F5R(#,Q+`R

30V.W
@8F%L86YC92!S

M

2PU
3(L
S`P

C$W+#
P

M5&EM97

@3F5W(%)O;6%N


C8L(#(P



Q-#@[

Q-C
[
2PW-3`L
#`P




S@E(&%B;W9E('1H92!20E
@8F%S92!R871E(&%N



;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]C-C9E
M
6(R85\S8V9B7S1F-V5?86(S
%]A9C9D



M='`M97%U:78]

]

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R/CQS=')O



]


'!T)SX\+W`^



T0G9F]N=#H@









'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E<B<^)B








M


T0R('-T


3!P

M+6)O='1O;3H@



M('!L=7


T0G
M=VED=&@Z(#$E)SXF(S$V

T0G9F]N
M=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SXR+#4W,PY

24G/B8C

T0G=VED

BPW
3@L
S`P/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D


Q

M

M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P


M;&4]

M93H@



M9#XF(S$V

M;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@



#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@






T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@



#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
M

R+#0P


M=7)R96YT(&UA='5R:71I97

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
M


T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SXT+#0T.PP
M
#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^
M)B



'!T)SXT
M-3`L
#`P/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C


M/'1D/B8C
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M




'!T)SXM/]F
M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C

M(#(N


T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SXS+#DX,BPT,#`\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/]T86)L93X-

F%?
V-F8E\T
M9C=E7V%B
S!?868V9#!E
V8Y8S4W#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE
M.B\O+T
Z+V
V-F4Q8C)A7S-C9F)?-&8W95]A8C
P7V%F-F0P93-F.6
U-R]7

3


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4

$5-13X-B`@(`@(#QT



]
T1R




]
T1T

M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97





@


T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@
M8V5N=&5R)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/B8C

'!T)SY996%R(&5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+#PO9F]N

F4Z(#$P

3




M:7IE.B`Q
'!T)SY

S@L




M(&)L86-K(#$N-7!T('-O;&ED)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=W:61T:#H@,3$E.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S




M:61T:#H@

M(S$V


38P.SPO=&0^


#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI


38P


#L\+W1D

M:71I97
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

M/B8C


T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SXU-3(L-3`P/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@





T0G=F5R=&EC

#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@





M(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C




'!T)SXM/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
M

M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'0M:6YD96YT.B`P+C5I;B<^)B
Q


M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'0M:6YD96YT.B`P+C5I;B<^)B
Q


M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24G/B8C

M;&4]


M93H@

24G/B8C



M(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT




T0G=F5R


2P@
C`Q-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V



#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D



;V%N#0I!9W)E96UE;G0@*'1H92`F(S$T-SM
;V%N



SLX
RPS
S
N
S
-




M=&AE(%-U8BU


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO
M+R]#.B]C-C9E
6(R85\S8V9B7S1F-V5?86(S
%]A9C9D



M(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
M

]






]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@

]



'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




T0G9F]N=#H@


@







2P@
C`Q
RP@87)E(&%S(&9O;&QO=W

T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG
M/3-$
!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@



T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E)SXF(S$V

T0G9F]N
M=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SXV+#0P,#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24G/B8C

M1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!W

S$L(#(P

T0G

'!T)SY996%R($5N9&EN9R!$96-E;6)E

2P@





'!T

2P@
C`Q-SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M

T0G9F]N

T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SXV+#0P
M,#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\='(@


38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C

M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O




M='1O;3H@




T0G9F]N

M1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C




C
L
#`P/]F;VYT
M/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C

M1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!W


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@8FQA8VL@





T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXR-7!T(&1O=6)L

T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SXD/]F;VYT/CPO



6(R85\S8V9B
M7S1F-V5?86(S
%]A9C9D

M


2!R;W=S



M/3-$
3XQ
B!-;VYT:'

2P@
C`Q
SQB

]


M;&4]


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97

M)B


T0G9F]N=#H@

M97)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@



M('!L=7
@
65A<BD@
M;V8@)#,L-#DW+#DP,!A;F0@)#
L-#`W+#`P



@:&%V92!B
M965N(&5X=&5N9&5D('5N=&EL($IU;F4@
C`Q-`T*8G5T(&AA=F4@875T;VUA




M;B`S

@;V8@






2PT.3$L-C`P

S$L(#(P
3
@86YD
M($1E8V5M8F5R(#

F%?
V-F
M8E\T9C=E7V%B
S!?868V9#!E
V8Y8S4W#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F
M:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V
V-F4Q8C)A7S-C9F)?-&8W95]A8C
P7V%F-F0P93-F.6
U



^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V


$5
13X-B`@(`@

]



T1T;W`^/'-T


]

T0G;6%R9VEN

T0G9F]N=#H@


38P.SPO8CX\+W`^



T0G
M9F]N=#H@

M9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@


Q-#8[



@
M9G)O;2!V87)I;W5S('-O=7)C97







T0G9F]N=#H@



M:6YG($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V

M
CXF(S$V


C`Q-#PO9F]N=#X\

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

T0G

2PY
S@L.#`P/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@


M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q

M/B8C


T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SY4;W1A
M;#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V






'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L


T0G9F]N=#H@

M.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@



@



M9W




M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@

M9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N
M=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P



M:&4@87-S97-S;65N=!I;F1I8V%T97,@=&AA=!A('!O=&5N=&EA;&QY(&UA



M:6X@=VAI8V@@8V%S92!T:&4@;F%T=7)E(&]F('1H92!G=6%R86YT964@=V]U

#L@

M
#LF(S$V


M92!#;VUP86YY(&)E;&EE=F5S('=I;&P@:&%V92P@:6YD:79I9'5A;&QY(&]R
M(&EN('1H92!A9V=R96=A=&4L(&$@;6%T97)I86P@861V97)S92!E9F9E8W0@


'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


96%S97


M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97








@8F%S


M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97









@87)E(&%D:G5S=&5D(&%N;G5A;&QY

M;G0@97AP96YS92!C:&%R9V5D('1O(&]P97)A=&EO;G
@=V%S(0S-3DL,S`P
M(&%N9`D
S(T+#0P
!F;W(@=&AE('EE87)S(&5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R(#,Q
M+`R

T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

M97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G
M9F]N=#H@





M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@

M9CL@=VED=&@Z(#$P


M($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V

CXF
M(S$V


C`Q-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D


T0G=VED

#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S

M

#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V

M


'!T)SXR
#$V/]F
M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C


'!T)SXR
#$W/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D
M/B8C


Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B




T0G=F5R=&EC





M/B8C




M.B`Q
'!T)SXQ
#



M8V]L;W(Z(-#0T5%1D8G/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O
M='1O;3H@

#L\+W1D/@T*


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@8FQA8VL@

'0M86QI9VXZ

M+#$P



'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97




M;G0Z(#`N-6EN)SXF(S$V

#L@


@86QL(&ME9W
@9F]R




3`R+#`P
!A;F0@)#@R+#$P,!F;W(@=&AE('EE87)S(&5N9&5D
M($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$S(&%N9`R


M+R\O0SHO8S8V93%B
F%?
V-F8E\T9C=E7V%B
S!?868V9#!E
V8Y8S4W+U=O

O4VAE970Q-RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D



T1T97AT

M:7

]

M


#$S/&)R


]



M='D@5')A;G-A8W1I;VYS/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X


T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

M8CXQ


M(%1I;65S+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y
M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,XU:6XG/B8C








3(@86YD('1H92!V86QU92!O

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97


Q-C`[)B


'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E<B<^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

#L\+W1D



T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/B8C
M

C`Q
CPO9F]N

'!T)SY44D%.4T%#5$E/
M3E
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^
M)B

M:'0G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D('-T



24G/CQF;VYT('-T


M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

'!T)SXR+#0P

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D

T0G9F]N


M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24G/B8C



T0G9F]N
M=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SY0=7)C:&%S97,@9G)O;2!3:&5P:&5R9!.96%M92!
M=&0N/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C


V-RPW
M
#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^
M)B

M;&4]

38L
3DR+#(P

#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@

'!T)SXX-C4L
3`P/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D
M/B8C

#L\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\='(@




M(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C


M(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9#XF(S$V

T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$U,3L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B

M.B`Q

M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D


T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SXS-S4L-3`P/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@


M



T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T
M)SXY,PY
#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\


S`P/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D
M/B8C


M9!T;R!3:&5P:&5R9!.96%M92!
=&0N/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D('-T


38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO


M:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C0T-%149&
M)SX-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B


38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@


T0G=F5R

M0T]53E0@0D%
04Y#15
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C

#L\



=&0N/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
M



#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V

'!T)SXS+#@Y-PY,#`\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B

'!T)SY!

=&0N/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^


M/C4L
#`P/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C

M)B
6%B;&4@86YD(&%C8W)U960@;&EA8FEL:71I97,@=&\@2%5+/]F;VYT/CPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^


#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V

T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SXF
M(S$U,3L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B


M97



34R+#@P
!A;F0@)#$Q-PP
#`@9F]R('1H

S$L(#(P
3
@86YD(#(P
3(@86YD




'0O:'1M





]
T1R93X-B`@(`@



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0V]N8V5N=')A=&EO;G,@86YD
M($-R961I=!2:7-K/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG


T0G9F]N=#H@

M
BX@/'4^0V]N8V5N=')A=&EO;G
@86YD($-R961I=!2:7-K/]U/CPO8CX\






M86QL(&]F('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B



M;&P@86-C;W5N='





'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E
'0M:6YD


3@E(&]F('1H92!#;VUP
M86YY)B

Q+`R,#$S(&%N9!T:&4@



'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97


@=&]T86QE9`T*


M($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$S(&%N9`R
#$R+!W:&EC:!R97!R97-E;G1S
M(#(Q)2!A;F0@
C

-F5N9&5D($1E
M8V5M8F5R(#,Q+`R
#$S(&%N9`R,#$R+!R97-P96-T:79E;'DN($=R;W-S

@96YD960@
M1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3
@86YD(#(P
3(@=V%S#0HD
BPS-S
L-#`P(&%N






M+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]C-C9E
6(R85\S8V9B7S1F-V5?86(S
%]A9C9D
M








]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#







3

M

T0G9F]N=#H@
M

M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@



'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M

@02!S


M=&AE(&%G9W)E9V%T92P@=&\@)#$N


M=&AE(&5N=&ER92!397)I97







M5&%X97



]


]
T1R




M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M9F]R=V%R9'
2!P<F]V:61E9!A(&9U;&P@=F%L
M=6%T:6]N#0IA;&QO=V%N8V4@86=A:6YS=!I='



30V.W
@9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E
M;65N='


38P.SPO

@3F5W


M90T*:7

M
T0G9F]N=#H@



T0P

M:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


M(&)L86-K(#$N-7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M
M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


M(&)L86-K(#$N-7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M
M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT




Q

M(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C






M(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G


T0G



T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M)B

M-24G/B8C

3`P

M92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M8VL@

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D

24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E
M)SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

M9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G
M9F]N=#H@


T0G
M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C





M=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

BPW



T0G
M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

M9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
M


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G
M/B8C

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
M

M

T0G9F]N=#H@




T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z

@3F5W(%)O
6QE/3-$)VQI;F4M:&5I
M9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D

M

M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D
M97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q

@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

M9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G
M9F]N=#H@

BPW
M







@:7



T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P=!#86QI8G)I
M+!(96QV971I8V$L(%-A;G
M4V5R:68[('=I9'1H.B`Q
#`E.R!B;W)D97(M

M8V5N=&5R.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M


M
3

M8V5N=&5R.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M


M

M8V5N=&5R.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


T)3PO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT
M.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
M
24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N
M=#H@

M


24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E
M)SXF(S$V


24[(&QI;F4M:&5I
M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M;&4]



M)B

M:'0[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

2PX
#`\+V9O

M:71E9!+:6YG9&]M(&EN8V]M92!T87@@97AP96YS92`H8F5N969I=D@870@
M

M.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

T0G=&5X


M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@





T0G9F]N=#H@

3(W+#DP
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z

@3F5W(%)O


M



34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F
M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

RPT
M

M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

T0G


T0G;&EN
M92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G




M
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97

#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@


@



T0G
M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

M9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
M

#PO

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z
M(#$Q-24G/B8C

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M8FQA8VL@

M:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@




T0G;&EN92UH
M96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C



34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M+#$P

T0G;&EN92UH
M96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C



34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




L

Q-C`[



@86YD(&QI86)I;&ET:65S(&%R92!A

M86P@5&EM97


3`P

T0G

M92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E<CL@;&EN
M92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


\

T0G
M=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G
M9F]N=#H@



#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T
M:#H@,24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
M




34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M)SY$97!R96-I871I;VX@86YD(&%M;W)T:7IA=&EO;CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@,3$U)2<^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G9F]N=#H@,3!P=!4



T0G9F]N=#H@

M
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C



T0G9F]N
M=#H@


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O


34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT
M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@8FQA8VL@

34E)SXF(S$V
M


34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P
M=!S;VQI9#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M4V5R:68G/C$P
RPV

34E
M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@




Q-C`[

M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

RPU-3@L

34E
M)SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@





Q-C`[


34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA
M8VL@

M=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@



M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(-#0T5%1D8G/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#H@


M)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL

34E
M)SXF(S$V

T0G;&EN92UH96EG
M:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO




M4V5R:68G/C0T

T0G
M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0@5&EM
M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE<RP@4V5R:68G/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@


M




M;6%L(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'0M:6YD96YT.B`P+C5I;B<^)B
Q


#$W(&%N9`T*
M96YD:6YG(&EN(#(P
S



C`S
RX@5&AE#0I#;VUP
M86YY)B

M871E;'D@)#(L-3(U+#0P

T0G9F]N=#H@



M=&AE($EN=&5R;F%L(%)E=F5N=64@4V5R=FEC92!A;F0@=&AE(%53('-T871E

3`L(#(P
&%M:6YE(#(P
#D@
M8F5C875S92!O9B!I='
@;&]N9V5R('-T871U=&4@;V8@;&EM:71A=&EO;G
N

@;6%Y(&)E(&5X86UI;F5D#0II;B!T:&4@979E
M;G0@;V8@8W)I;6EN86P@=&%X(&9R875D+!A;F0@86YY('EE87(@;6%Y(&)E
M('-U8FIE8W0@=&\@97AA;6EN871I;VX@=&\@=&AE(&5X=&5N=!T:&%T('1H

M(')E='5R;G

MB`@(`\+W1A8FQE/@T*(`\+V)O9'D^#0H\+VAT;6P^#0H-BTM+2TM+3U?

F%?
V-F8E\T9C=E7V%B
S!?868V9#!E
V8Y8S4W
M#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V
V-F4Q8C)A7S-C9F)?
M-&8W95]A8C
P7V%F-F0P93-F.6

C$N:'1M





$5




#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@

]




#L@=&5X

#L\





'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97




M=W

@;W=N(&9A8VEL:71I97
L('=H:6-H(&%R
M92!L;V-A=&5D(&EN(%5K:6%H+!#86QI9F]R;FEA(&%N9!387)A=&]G82!3


T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@


30V.W







T0G
M9F]N=#H@

M9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@


'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E<B<^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

#L\+W1D


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@8FQA8VL@


T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SY996%R($5N9&5D($1E8V5M
M8F5R(#,Q+`R



'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E<B<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
M

M


M=&5R)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!C96YT97(G/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R('-T


3!P

M;&4]
T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@





M;CH@8V5N=&5R)SXF(S$V

B!S
M='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X



T0G=VED


#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,24G/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D('-T


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$P)3L@

C$L-C$Q+#4P
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS



3`E

M;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS


T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SXD/]F


M/C

T0G=VED
M=&@Z(#$E)SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC


I/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P




'!T)SXI/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D


2PX
#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B


38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C:V=R




'!T)SXQ
BPW
S8L-3`P/]F;VYT/CPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C

#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V

M
T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SXR+#$Q-BPP,#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@
M(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\
M=&0^)B



#L\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C:V=R;W5N




#`\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B

T0G=&5X

#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@

MB`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`\=&0^)B





M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D


T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SXS-#(L,#`P/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@


M-RPP
#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\
M=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@


M/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D
M/B8C

Q-C`[/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/]T86)L










M
'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU<W1I9GDG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
M


38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R


M

M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@8V]L

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


T0G9F]N


T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SYA;F0@3W1H97(\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M8FQA8VL@


T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SY4;W1A;#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC



3!P

3`E

M.B`Q
'!T)SXQ-RPS



M:#H@


3`E.R!T97AT+6%L

'!T)SXR
M
RPP
38L



24G/B8C
M

M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT)SXF(S$V





S
U
M+#DP



#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R

'!T)SXR
SDL
S`P
M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C

Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B

38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO



#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\


\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[



#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V

T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
M,'!T)SXT+#0T,PX
#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-


RPP
S4L-C`P/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@/'1D/B8C


'!T)SY$97!R96-I871I;VX@86YD(&%M;W)T:7IA=&EO
M;CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF
M(S$V

T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SXV,38L,#`P/]F
M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P



BPQ
#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-


38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C

#L\+W1D/CPO

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C



\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[



M/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO



#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`\=&0^)B


38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@/'1D/B8C

#L\+W1D/CPO='(^

T0G9F]N=#H@

M=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@


;V-A=&EO;CH@
M9FEL93HO+R]#.B]C-C9E
6(R85\S8V9B7S1F-V5?86(S
%]A9C9D
&4S9CEC



]


T0Q(')O
M=W-P86X]

M;CTS1#$^
3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@

S$L(#(P
3
\


]


T0G9F]N=#H@



38P.SPO


2P@
C`Q
RX@56YD97(@


30V.W


'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97







M

C`Q
SPO9F]N



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@




#L\



T0G=F5R=&EC


M/B8C

#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S







M


#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,24G/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$U

3(S+#(P
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS


'!T

M=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@


2PU
3(L
S`P/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
M


M;&4]


38P



C$W+#
P
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V

'!T)SXQ+#DQ
PU,#`\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B


M86-K(#$N-7!T('-O;&ED)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

38U
M+#4P
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9#XF(S$V

M;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


M/C$Q
2PY
#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\+W1R


T0G

M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D


T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SXT+#`P.PX
#`\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B




MB`@(`\=&0^)B


38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@/'1D/B8C

#L\+W1D/CPO

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C

M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
M


T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SXQ+#(R-2PP,#`\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B

M


M96YT/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C


M
#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^
M)B

M;&4]

3`L.#8T+#8P


Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\
M=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B



M(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ




M

S(T+#4P
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M8FQA8VL@

MB`@(`\=&0^)B

'!T)SY4;W1A

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@


M(#(N


#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
MB`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@


M(#(N


MB`@(`\=&0^)B

M/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L

Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

38P.SPO=&0^



Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@


38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C


T0G=F5R=&EC





#PO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
M


2PX




M(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V

M
T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SXR+#4R-PU
#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@
M(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B


2PU.#0L
M
S`P/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C



T0G9F]N
M=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SY!8V-R=65D(&QI86)I;&ET:65S/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@


#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9#XF(S$V





38P.SPO=&0^




L
S`P/]F
M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C

M(#$N-7!T('-O;&ED)SXF(S$V

M



'!T)SXY+#0Y-BPW
#`\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B


M-PX,#DL-#`P/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/]T

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C

#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9#XF(S$V

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\+W1R


#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N

'!T)SXQ-RPW
M
#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^
M)B

M;&4]

RPY.#(L-#`P/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
M




M;&ED)SXF(S$V



M-7!T('-O;&ED)SXF(S$V

RPT

#`P
M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C

M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O





T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@


M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P

#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS




M

MB`@(`\=&0^)B


38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C

#L\+W1D


#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L

'!T)SXQ
M-2PQ
#`L
S`P/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C


#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@



#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L

'!T)SXR
M

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C

M)B



M)SXF(S$V

M;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


M/B@Q
2PU-#8L


M.B`Q


M
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

38P.SPO

T0G
M9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SXH,3`L,#$Y+#8P,#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@



Q-#8[(&5Q=6ET

Q


#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@



T0G





T0G
M9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SXQ-BPW.30L,C`P/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C




'!T)SXQ-RPU

3`P/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M/'1D/B8C

M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97






'!T)SXR
#$S/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D(&-O
M;'-P86X]




M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O

38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0R/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0R/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/]T

'!T)SY.970@


24G/CQF


34E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E)SXF(S$V
#L\



T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SXQ-BPR,C@L,S`P/]F;VYT/CPO



M
T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SY#;W-T(&]F(&=O;V1S('-O;&0\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T


3$L
S4T+#0P
#PO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT

'!T
M)SXQ
BPS.#
L.3`P/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^


M;&4]

M9!R971A:6P@97AP96YS97,\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[

T0G

2PW
3`L-C`P/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^



T0G=F5R




M93H@








'!T)SXH
2PQ
S0L.#`P/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D

'!T)SXI/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D('-T

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

M:60G/B8C


T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SXQ,#4L,S`P/]F;VYT/CPO

M)B



38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C

M(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ



M9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C

#L\



#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S

T0G9F]N
M=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SXH,S@P+#`P,#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#X\


M/B8C

T0G9F]N=US:7IE
M.B`Q,'!T)SXI/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@/'1D/B8C

#L\+W1D/CPO

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C

M(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V

M
T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SXQ,S@L,S`P/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C


#`\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/'1R('-T

M;W(Z(-#0T5%1D8G/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O
M;3H@













'!T)SXH
BPW
#`\+V9O


M


M('-O;&ED)SXF(S$V

Y
2PV
#`\+V9O


M)SXF(S$V

M;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


M/B@Q.#8L


M


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M8FQA8VL@

'0M86QI9VXZ(')I

M


M(#(N-7!T)SXF(S$V

M
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

M*#@P+#DP

T0G
M9F]N=#H@

M9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@






3
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\
M=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B

'!T)SXR
#$R/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
M

M8F]T=&]M)SX-B`@(`\=&0^)B

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\
M=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B


24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

U
M+#@P

Q




M.B`Q
'!T)SXU.#



'!T)SY#

M/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*

Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B


38P.SPO=&0^


M;&4]


#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C:V=R


M;G0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

M

M;&4]
T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SXM/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C




M=&0^)B

@9G)O;2!I


M

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@


'!T)SXH





M:6YG(&%C=&EV:71I97
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C

#L\



I(&]N(&QI;F4@;V8@8W)E
M9&ET/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C



M93H@

#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L

'!T)SXY
M.3(L-#`P/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C


M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
M


T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SXU,SDL-S`P/]F;VYT
M/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO





M9&5B=#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9#XF(S$V

T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SXH-3(T+#$P
M,#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+7-I

MB`@(`\=&0^)B



T0G

M93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R

#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R

'!T)SXH
RPQ
#`\

M.B`Q
'!T)SXI/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@


M-BPT






T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SXI/]F;VYT




'!T
M)SXH
C0P+#`P

T0G=F5R=&EC





38P.SPO=&0^#0H@









M;W1T;VTZ(#$N-7!T)SXF(S$V

T0G



M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@





M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

38P.SPO

M)B



'!T)SXQ








'!T)SXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D

F4Z
M(#$P<'0G/C$Q,RPW,#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G

#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S



M;&4]
T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SXQ,C,L,C`P/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@

Q-C`[

#L@=&5X









3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@

M/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q



]




6QE/3-$)VUA<F=I;CH@





M97


BP@







'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97




#`L
#`P('=I=&@@86-C


@9F]L;&]W:6YG#0IT:&4@9&%T92!O9B!T






M;F4@
C
L(#(P





30X.R!O;B!T:&4@

M=&EO;B!O9B!A(%-H87)E:&]L9&5R($EN=F5S=&UE;G0-G1H870@:7,@:6X@
M97AC97-S(&]F(0U
#`L

M



M('1H92!#871A;6%R86X@3F]T92!S:&%L;!B92!A=71O;6%T:6-A;&QY(&5X
M=&5N9&5D#0IF;W(@861D:71I;VYA;!S:7@@;6]N=&@@=&5R;7
N($EN=&5R

M86X@3F]T92!O;B!T:&4@=6YP86ED('!R:6YC:7!A;!A=!A(')A=&4@97%U







M-6EN)SXF(S$V

2!B92!P<F5P
M86ED('=I=&AO=70-G!E;F%L='D@870@=&AE(&]P=&EO;B!O9B!-0D
[(&AO



@;V8@34)#







]

M(&-O;'-P86X]


#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S


]








'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97





:6UI=&5D(@F(S$T-SM50DE52R8C
M,30X.RDN($EN('1H92!5;FET960@4W1A=&5S(@F(S$T-SM54R8C
30X.RDL




L($YE=R!9;W)K+B!4:&4@;6%J






@87)E(&UA
M9&4@9&ER96-T;'D@9G)O;2!T:&4@8G)E=V5R:65S('1O('1H92!W:&]L97-A

@:6X@86-C;W)D86YC92!W:71H('-T871E

L('1H92!T97)M(8C
M,30W.W1H92!#;VUP86YY)B,Q-#@[(&%N9!I='
@=F%R:6%N='
@86YD('1H


L)B


T0G9F]N=#H@

M+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@


30V.W

30W



]






F(S$T.#LI

M/3-$=&]P/E!R:6YC:7!L97








M=6)S:61I87)I97




T1T
M;W`^0F%S:7

]


'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



T0G9F]N=#H@

M+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

M)SY4:&4@9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N='

M9`T*1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3
@86YD(#(P
3(@:&%V92!B965N('!R97!A


6QE/3-$)VUA<F=I;CH@
'!T)SX\


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97







M87-H($5Q=6EV86QE;G1S+!3:&]R=!A;F0@3&]N9RU497)M($EN=F5S=&UE

M

T0G9F]N=#H@


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




-F%L;!H:6=H;'D@;&EQ=6ED(&EN


M;W)E:6=N($]P97)A=&EO;G



M




@97AP97)I96YC960@;F\@;F]T86)L92!B=7)D


L(&ET(&ES(&%L



]

]



'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97

M/E1R861E($%C8V]U;G1S(%)E8V5I=F%B;&4@86YD($%L;&]W86YC90T*9F]R

T0G9F]N
M=#H@

M.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@



@87)E(&UA



M#0IC:7)C=6US=&%N8V5S(')E;&%T:6YG('1O(&%C8V]U;G1S(')E8V5I=F%B



M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M=6P@06-C;W5N='

T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@







@86YD

@87)E(')E=FEE=V5D(&EN9&EV

M8V]N9&ET:6]N(&]F('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B







M=&AE('9A;'5A=&EO;B!A;&QO=V%N8V4@86YD(&$@8W)E9&ET('1O(&%C8V]U
M;G1S(')E8V5I=F%B;&4N(%1H92!#;VUP86YY(&AA9!A;&QO=V%N8V5S(&]F
M(0V.PR,#`-F%N9`D,C`W+#@P,!F;W(@9&]U8G1F=6P@86-C;W5N='
@

2P@
C`Q
R!A;F0@
C`Q
BP@





M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@

M9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\=3Y);G9E;G1O










@86YD($]T






@3F5W(%)O;6%N


L(&%N


]


T0G9F]N=#H@
M

M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@








@3F5W(%)O

M-6EN)SXF(S$V






T0P




T0G9F]N=US
M:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SY=6EL9&EN9SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL

M;&4]





M


M;&4]




M.B`Q
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0@5&EM97

M(S$V


96%S97
@

T0G9F]N=#H@

M=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@






M+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,XU:6XG/B8C
38P


M='

I(#
V



@




@=&AA;B!T:&4@8V%R


M;'5E(&5X8V5E9'
@=&AE(&9A:7(@=F%L=64@;V8@87-S971S+B!4:&4@9F%C






]


'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97









C4L
#`P+B!!;6]R=&EZ871I;VX@;V8@9&5F

M87
@)#0U+#`P
!F;W(@=&AE('EE87)S(&5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R(#,Q+`R
M
#$S(&%N9`T*
C`Q


\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@




@


@9F]R(&EN8V]M92!T

M97




M9F5C='


@9F]R






M;'5A=&EO;B!A;&QO=V%N8V4@:7


T0G9F]N=#H@

M+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@


@=6YC97)T86EN





]
6QE/3-$)VUA<F=I;CH@
'!T)SX\+W`^




#L@=&5X

#L\





T0G9F]N=#H@

M+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N
M=#H@




M/B8C


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$P

M:#H@

T0G=VED=&@Z











T0G9F]N=#H@

T0G9F]N





Q


M:7IE.B`Q





T0G9F]N
M=#H@

M.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

M.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\:3XF(S$T-SM097)S=6%S:79E($5V:61E;F-E(&]F(&%N

Q-#@[#0HF(S$U



'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97



30X.R`F(S$U
#L\+VD^(%1H92!#;VUP86YY(&1E;&EV97)S('1H92!P


N(%!R;V1U
M8W0@:7


M;B!O9B!#;VUP86YY)B

@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M)SXF(S$V



@




M;F1E;G0Z(#`N-6EN)SXF(S$V

M


M92X@0V]L;&5C=&EB:6QI='D@:7




N

M(')E=F5N=64@:7


M;65S+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T
M97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,XU:6XG/B8C


@86X@97AP96YS92X@5&AE($-O


38P



]




M86XL(%1I;65S+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T
M:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,XU:6XG/B8C


M;'

#`P



#`N($EN9&EV

M:&]L:6
@8F5V97)A9V5S#0II;B!V87)Y:6YG(&%M;W5N='
L('=H:6-H(&AA

M96YT960@:6X@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDF(S$T-CMS('-T871E;65N='
@;V8@;W!E

Q-#8[








#L@

M+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT
M+6EN9&5N=#H@,XU:6XG/B8C

30V.W


S
P+#@P
M



T1T





T0G9F]N=#H@

M97)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\=3Y#:&%R

@4F5S97)V97

M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@

M9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N
M=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P


@97-T:6UA=&5D














#L@=&5X

M+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT
M+6EN9&5N=#H@,XU:6XG/B8C






]



'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E
'0M:6YD






M;65N='


M97





]
T1R

T0G;6%R



6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z


M0R`V




'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97









30L
C`P
M+!F;W(@=&AE('EE87)S(&5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R(#,Q+`R


T1T;W`^0F%S:6
@86YD($1I;'5T960@26YC
6QE/3-$


#L@=&5X

M5&EM97

@3F5W(%)O;6%N



C`Q


M9W


@86YD(&1I;'5T:79E(&YE


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L
'0M



T0G

#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!C


M)SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI



3


38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

C`Q

'!T
M)SY.970@:6YC;VUE(AL;W-S*3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24G/B8C

'!T)SXD

24[('1E



T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SXI/]F

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D

6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I8V%L+6%L:6=N.B!B


T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SY796EG:'1E9!A=F5R86=E
M(&-O;6UO;B!S:&%R97




M9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF
M(S$V


M:7IE.B`Q

M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^/&9O

T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@


M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D


T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SXP+C`T/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@




M

Q-3$[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^



T0G=F5R=&EC


M


M-BPY

'!T)SXI/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO



#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\


M
T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SY);F-R96UE;G1A;!S:&%R97
@9G)O;2!A

\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B



M#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@


M
C@X+#$P

M:&%R97
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\
M=&0^)B



#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S

T0G9F]N
M=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SXQ-PX.3DL
C
U/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D
M/B8C


M9#XF(S$V

T0G=&5X


'!T)SXI/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P



#0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\

@






M




@87)E



@

@9'5R:6YG('1H92!P97)I;V0@
M9F]R(')E=F5N=65S#0IA;F0@97AP96YS97
N($-U;75L871I=F4@=')A;G-L
M871I;VX@861J=7-T;65N='

@
M;W(@;&EA8FEL:71I97







'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97





]

]
M

M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


\

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E











#L@


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97



#`@






'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97





M;65S+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T
M97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,XU:6XG/B8C


M9F5R(&]F(&$@;&EA8FEL:71Y(&EN(&%N(&]R9&5R;'D@=')A;G-A8W1I;VX@



@=&AE('5S92!O
M9B!I;G!U='

T0G
M9F]N=#H@

M9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

M:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SY
979E;`Q(8C


M8FEL:71I97


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97

M=F5L(#(@)B



T0G9F]N
M=#H@

M.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

M.B!J=7-T:69Y)SY
979E;`S(8C


M86XL(%1I;65S+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T
M:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,XU:6XG/B8C


2P@
C`Q
R!A;F0@
C`Q
BP@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD-FAA9!N;R!F:6YA

M:6]D:6



M;F1E;G0Z(#`N-6EN)SXF(S$V

M





L


@870@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3
@
M86YD($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`T*
C`Q


L('1H
6%B;&4@87!P<F]X:6UA=&4@9F%I<B!V86QU92X\+W`^/'-P86X^/]S



6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0@
M5&EM97


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97





M97(@;F]N+7-T;V-K:&]L9&5R('-O=7)C97
N(%1H92!C:&%N9V5S(&9R;VT@

@87)E(')E9FQE8W1E9`T*
M87

M=&EO;G


M;&4@4V5G;65N='


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97





30X.RD@86YD








30V.W




6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O


\+W4^

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M(#(P
3

M87)D(@F(S$T-SM&05-)B

M9&%R9'
@57!D871E(@F(S$T-SM!4U4F(S$T.#LI($YO+B`R,#$S+3`R+!2




@;W(@





#$S+B!!9&]P=&EO;B!O9B!T

'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




L(&]R#0IA('1A

@=VET:&EN('1H;W-E('EE87)S+`T*8F5G:6YN
M:6YG(&%F=&5R($1E8V5M8F5R(#$U+`R,#$S+!W:71H(&%N(&]P=&EO;B!F

@;F]T(&)E;&EE
M=F4@=&AE(&%D;W!T:6]N(&]F('1H:7



T0G9F]N=#H@

M+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@



Q-#@[*2DL('1H92!!;65R:6-A






;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO
M+R]#.B]C-C9E
6(R85\S8V9B7S1F-V5?86(S
%]A9C9D



M(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
M


M97

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q





T1T;W`^4V-H961U;&4@




M86YD(&5Q=6EP;65N=`T*87)E(&%S(&9O;&QO=W



T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!S='EL
M93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M.R!W:61T:#H@





M

T0G
M=VED=&@Z(#





M/C
@+2`T





T0G=&5X


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^
M4V-H961U;&4@;V8@0F%S:6,@86YD($1I;'5T:79E($YE=!

6QE/3-$)VUA<F=I;CH@
M



'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97




M;&4]




M(#$N-7!T)SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC


M=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F

3

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

38P.SPO

C`Q
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D

M.B`Q
'!T)SY.970@:6YC;VUE(AL;W-S*3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24G/B8C

M

M




T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E)SXF(S$V
M

6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I8V%L+6%L


T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SY796EG:'1E9!A
M=F5R86=E(&-O;6UO;B!S:&%R97

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@



#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9#XF(S$V



'!T)SY87-I8R!N970@:6YC;VUE(AL;W-S*2!P97(@


T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SXD/]F;VYT/CPO


M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
M


T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SXP+C`T/]F;VYT/CPO



#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#X\9F]N=!S='EL



Q-3$[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P


T0G

3!P


M9#XF(S$V

T0G=&5X


'!T)SXI/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
M






T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SY);F-R96UE;G1A;!S:&%R97
@

\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q



M/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO



C@X+#$P

M;6UO;B!S:&%R97
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`\=&0^)B



#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V

M
T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SXQ-PX.3DL
C
U/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@/'1D/B8C




M


'!T)SXI/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D('-T



M5&EM97

M;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO8S8V93%B
F%?
V-F8E\T9C=E7V%B
S!?868V9#!E
M

O4VAE970R-BYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\



M4F5M;W9E(%1H:7


]

I/&)R


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#




]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@

T0G;6%R




T0G9F]N=#H@








'!T)SXR
M



M;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SXF(S$V

M
B!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@

T0G=&5X




24G/B8C
38P.SPO

'!T)SXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D('-T

RPP

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24G/B8C

M.B`Q





Q

M


#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V

'!T)SXS
C
L-C`P/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C





38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@

BPS



T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SY-97)C:&%N9&ES
M93PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA
M8VL@

RPW
#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@
M(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B


'!T)SXT-RPV







M#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@




'!T)SXQ+#DQ
PU,#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
MB`@(`\=&0^)B


#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(#`N-6EN)SX\8CX\+V(^/]P/CQS









#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R

]
T1T



M

T0G9F]N=#H@



'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97






M8V5N=&5R)SXF(S$V

B!S='EL

T0G=&5X=UA;&EG
M;CH@8V5N=&5R)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/B8C

C`Q




T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E)SXF
M(S$V

M;&4]


BPP
#`\+V9O;G0^


#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@

'!T)SXW+#(Q.PY,#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@
M(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\
M=&0^)B





'!T)SXR
RPP
#`\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B

T0G=&5X




M)B

M;&4]

#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V

'!T)SXX
3`L.3`P/]F;VYT/CPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C




M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
M


T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SXQ+#0U.2PV,#`\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B

M


T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T
M)SXQ,3$L,C`P/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@

PP,#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\
M=&0^)B


T0G=&5X

S4R+#4P
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@

'!T)SXS-3DL-C`P/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M/'1D/B8C


M(&EN('!R;V=R97-S/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^




#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q



M(S$V

M:7IE.B`Q
'!T)SXR
BPU.3DL.3`P/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P



Q



'!T)SXH
3`L
M.3
U+#$P


#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S




M
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@





M;&4]


M






M;CH@



M0SHO8S8V93%B
F%?
V-F8E\T9C=E7V%B
S!?868V9#!E

M:&5E='

T0G=&5X




M

T0Q/C$R


#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^





;VYG



M5&EM97

T0G=&5X=UA
M;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/B8C

'!T)SY996%R(&5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q




3

M+C5P=#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT




'!T)SY


@;V8@)#$R+#
P







T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,24G/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@



P
#PO9F]N

38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^

#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T

6QO

C
L
#`P




M
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

38P.SPO

T0G
M9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SXQ+#@W-RPQ,#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\
M=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

M

M;&4]



MB`@(`\=&0^)B

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

M:60G/B8C


T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SXT+#0T.PP
#`\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B



'!T)SXT+#0S
BPT
#`\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/'1R('-T

M;W(Z(-#0T5%1D8G/@T*(`@(#QT9#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+7-I




#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI





M(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

M(S$V





#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D

3!P



M7V
V-F4Q8C)A7S-C9F)?-&8W95]A8C
P7V%F-F0P93-F.6
U-PT*0V]N=&5N





]

T1)




]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#


M86QI9VX]









'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E<B<^)B
Q-C`[








M;3H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

T0R


M

M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

Q-C`[




M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,24G/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@

M



T0G
M=VED=&@Z(#$E)SXF(S$V

M)3L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

38P.SPO


T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SXM/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@


M;F0M8V]L;W(Z('=H:71E)SX-B`@(`\=&0^)B

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@8FQA8VL@


T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T
M)SXQ+#8U-RPT,#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B

T0G8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


T0G9F]N=US:7IE
M.B`Q,'!T)SXM/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/]T

'!T)SY


Q-C`[


M=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

M

M;&4]

M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D('-T



T0G9F]N
M=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SXQ+#$P-PY
#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B








T0G;6%R9VEN.B`P


T0G9F]N=#H@






M
T0G9F]N=#H@

M=VED=&@Z(#$P

M
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E)SXF(S$V


T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SXD/]F;VYT


M
BPU

Q-C`[

M;&4]

M)B

Q-C`[

M;&4]

M)B

M



M-C9E
6(R85\S8V9B7S1F-V5?86(S
%]A9C9D






M;R!.;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7

]


3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T
M:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C;&%S

S$L(#(P
3





96%S92!0

6QE/3-$)VUA<F=I;CH@
'!T


M5&EM97





2P@
C`Q
RP@87)E(&%S(&9O;&QO=W


M+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,XU:6XG/B8C
38P


T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P=!#86QI8G)I+!(96QV971I8V$L(%-A
M;G
M4V5R:68[('=I9'1H.B`Q


M87(@16YD:6YG($1E8V5M8F5R(#


@



24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
M
34E)SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M
T0G9F]N=#H@


S$L(#(P
34\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@

34E)SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E

M9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G
M9F]N=#H@

M


M:68G/EEE87(@16YD:6YG($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$V/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^



T0G9F]N=#H@


M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R



T0G9F]N=#H@


S$L(#(P

M(#$N-7!T('-O;&ED.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M
T0G9F]N=#H@





M;&4]
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z

@3F5W(%)O

M9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@





M:6=H=#H@



M1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G


M:6=H=#H@





T0G9F]N=#H@


C
L

M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

M



T0G9F]N=#H@


M(#$N-7!T('-O;&ED.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



M
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z

@3F5W(%)O




T0G9F]N=#H@

M




V-F4Q8C)A7S-C9F)?-&8W95]A8C
P
M7V%F-F0P93-F.6






]




S$L(#(P
M
3


@86YD($-O;G1I;F=E;F-I97



'!T)SX\+W`^




@
M87)E(&%S(&9O;&QO=W

T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
M
!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L





M
S$L/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^


'!T)SXR
#$T/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D




C`E.R!T

M

T0G
M=VED=&@Z(#$E)SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R

#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@

MB`@(`\=&0^)B


M#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@



T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SXQ+#DS.PX
#`\+V9O







T0G9F]N=#H@






M(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT

#L\+W1D

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@



24G
M/B8C




24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^


C`Q-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H

'!T)SXS
3`L
C`P/]F
M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C

M93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R

T0G9F]N=US:7IE
M.B`Q,'!T)SXR,#$V/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C

#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@


T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SXR,#$W/]F
M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P



#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T


3@\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@
M(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B


3DQ+#8P
M





T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

M

M;&4]
T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SXQ,#,L.#`P/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@

Q-C`[


M;3H@



'!T)SXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@




'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97



F%?
V-F8E\T9C=E7V%B
S!?868V9#!E
V8Y8S4W#0I#
M;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V
V-F4Q8C)A7S-C9F)?-&8W
M95]A8C
P7V%F-F0P93-F.6

S(N:'1M;`T*


M:G


M9#TS1$E$
$5

]





6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0@
M5&EM97


@;V8@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
M
3
@86YD(#(P
3(@86YD('1H92!V86QU92!O9B!T:&4@=')A;G-A8W1I;VYS


38P.R8C

T0G9F]N=#H@


M:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/B8C


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@



M;&4]
T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT



#L\+W1D/CPO='(^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C:V=R



M(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C

#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9#XF(S$V

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\+W1R


T0G=VED=&@Z


=&0N/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@


T0G=VED=&@Z

BPT
#`L-#`P/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D('-T


M:61T:#H@


3$E.R!T97AT

'!T
M)SXS+#4R-RPP



M(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V

M

M(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C


M
BPR
#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*


T0G9F]N

M9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B

3!P

#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V

M
T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SXQ+#`S,PY
#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@




T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T
M)SXS+#`P-BPQ,#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@






M93H@

#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D


T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$U,3L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
MB`@(`\=&0^)B


\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[



M=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^


M/CDQ+#
P

#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N

'!T)SXR+#0P
M
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF
M(S$V

M:7IE.B`Q
'!T)SXR+#0P


M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T

Q-C`[

'!T)SY!0T-/54Y4($)!3$%.0T53/]F
M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C

M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
M

Q

#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R

'!T)SXW
PT,#`\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B

M93H@




'!T)SXU+#`P
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L

'!T)SXS
M-38L
S`P/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C


T0G

M(&QI86)I;&ET:65S('1O($A52SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS


Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B














]



]

M5&EM97


#`E.R!B


M;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P
M86X]




'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E<B<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
M

M
'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E<B<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\+W1R


M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C

M)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF
M(S$V

M)B



M
T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SXM/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C

M

M.B`Q
'!T)SY54R!3=&%T97

M:61T:#H@

M(S$V

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E)SXF(S$V
#L\

M8FQA8VL@



24G/B8C



Q-C`[

T0G

Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@



M=&0^)B


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M8FQA8VL@


T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SXM
M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
M




M;&4]





T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@



3`P/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

M;W1T;VTZ(&)L86-K(#$N-7!T('-O;&ED)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT




'!T)SX\





'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97






M;CH@8V5N=&5R)SXF(S$V

B!S
M='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X

T0G=&5X=UA
M;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/B8C

C`Q
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS


M8V]M92!T87@@97AP96YS92`H8F5N969I=D@870@,S0E/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT




T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+7-I

M


3$E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N

'!T)SXH
C8L


T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SXI/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^





#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

T0G9F]N=US:7IE
M.B`Q,'!T)SXR,2PX,#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B


M92!T87@@97AP96YS92`H8F5N969I=D@870@,C`E/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C


M=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^
M)B




M;&4]


38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@

#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H

'!T)SXQ-RPT
#`\+V9O




38P.SPO=&0^


M/C0L.#`P/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C






'!T)SXT-#`L.#`P/]F
M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C

M(#$N-7!T('-O;&ED)SXF(S$V

M

M:7IE.B`Q


'!T
M)SY4;W1A;#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@

T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SXD/]F;VYT/CPO

T0G
M9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SXT+#$P,#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF
M(S$V




#L\+W1D

T0G9F]N=#H@

M9&5N=#H@


]


@86YD($QI86)I;&ET:65S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S


T0G9F]N
M=#H@



@

T0G
M9F]N=#H@

M9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@




M93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D
'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E<B<^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

'!T)SXR
#$S/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@
'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E<B<^)B

#L\




24G
M/B8C




#PO



M;&4]



'!T)SY$97!R96-I871I;VX@86YD(&%M;W)T:7IA=&EO
M;CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF
M(S$V




M;&4]

M93H@




'!T)SXX
PU,#`\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
M



M93H@

Q-C`[

T0G

RPY.3@L.#`P/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^



T0G=F5R

'!T)SY
97-S('9A;'5A=&EO

Q-C`[


#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@




#L\+W1D

T0G8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@





'!T)SY4;W1A;#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D

T0G

T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SXM
M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
M

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O
M='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I

#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`\=&0^)B





T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SY#:&%N9V4@:6X@=F%L=6%T
M:6]N(&%L;&]W86YC93PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P
M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@




M








'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97


F%?
V-F8E\T9C=E
M7V%B
S!?868V9#!E
V8Y8S4W#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O
M+T
Z+V
V-F4Q8C)A7S-C9F)?-&8W95]A8C
P7V%F-F0P93-F.6
U-R]7;W)K


M(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES

$5


I/&)R/CPO

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#


]

]



'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


@
M87


#L\+W`^

M:68[('=I9'1H.B`Q


#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q-!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T
M=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SX\

M96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3


M;&4]


T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@





M

M='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E<B<^)B


'!T)SYA;F0@3W1H

M8V5N=&5R)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R


M

T0G=&5X





T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E)SXF(S$V

T0G
M9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SXQ-PX
#8L-S`P/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@



3!P

3`E

M.B`Q
'!T)SXR
2PV



M:#H@
24G/B8C

#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S



T0G=VED=&@Z(#$P)3L@=&5X

S8L-#$X+#(P



Q

M

#
W+#0P

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\


#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B






M
T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SY)9&5N=&EF:6%B;&4@87-S971S/]F;VYT
M/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B

3!P

30L-3`P/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@


#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9#XF(S$V





M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q



#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V



#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L

'!T)SXQ
M+#$P-2PT
#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\+W1R




T
BPP
#`\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B



#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\
M=&0^)B



#L\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\+W1A

T0G9F]N=#H@





M;VTG/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SXF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!C;VQS


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


T0G9F]N
M=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SY996%R($5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R(#,Q+`R
#$R/]F
M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C


M

M)B


Q-C`[


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@



M9#XF(S$V

M=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F

M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D








Q.2PV

24G/B8C


F4Z(#$P<'0G
M/C(S+#`Q-BPS,#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G=VED
M=&@Z(#$E)SXF(S$V

M)B


T0G=VED
M=&@Z(#$E)SXF(S$V


T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SXT,PS
M




M:6YC;VUE/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C


M
#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^
M)B

M;&4]

#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B

M

#L\+W1D

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@




'!T)SXQ
BPW-S4L
3`P/]F
M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C

#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D


T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SXS+#`S-2PV,#`\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`\=&0^)B



#L\+W1D/CPO

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C

M:6]N/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C


#`\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q

M

R+#$P
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B

3!P


M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
M


T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SXQ+#`X-BPV,#`\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B

M

#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*

Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B


M
2PU
#
L
3`P/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C

'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


F%?
V-F8E\T
M9C=E7V%B
S!?868V9#!E
V8Y8S4W#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE
M.B\O+T
Z+V
V-F4Q8C)A7S-C9F)?-&8W95]A8C
P7V%F-F0P93-F.6
U-R]7



^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4

$5(2#X-B`@(`@(#QT

]



T1T;W`^/'-T




M;&4]

T0G9F]N=#H@


M='1O;3H@


T0G

#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!C


M;&4]



M;VTZ(&)L86-K(#$N-7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/CQF



M

M8F]T=&]M)SX-B`@(`\=&0^)B

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\
M=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B



M(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\
M=&0^)B







T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SXD/]F

T0G=VED=&@Z
M(#$E)SXF(S$V


T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E)SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O



M/'1D/B8C

#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S

T0G9F]N
M=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SXR+#4S,2PW,#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^
M)B


M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
M


T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SXR+#(Q-RPS,#`\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B

M



Q


Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

M/B8C


T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SXQ,3$L.3`P/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^



\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B

M

#@L.#`P/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^



T0G=F5R

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C

#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*





M)B

M;&4]

2PR
C4L
#`P/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P


M

M

M(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT

'!T)SXQ
PU,3DL,C`P/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C



M:7IE.B`Q

M/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*

M;&4]
T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SXW,38L-S`P/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C


2PT
M
#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/'1R

M8V]L;W(Z(-#0T5%1D8G/@T*(`@(#QT9#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT



#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`\=&0^)B



M
'!T)SXR-C@L.#`P/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^


6QE/3-$



'!T
M)SXQ-BPW.30L
C`P/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^





M9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-


38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C

#L\+W1D

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@


#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L






'!T)SXQ+#4Q-RPR
#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B


#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*




M
BPU
C0L-3`P/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C


M(#QT9#XF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM



T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T
M)SXQ+#`P,2PW,#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@



M(#QT9#XF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM





T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@



P
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
M

RPQ




\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B

M


#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D

M/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L

Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

38P.SPO=&0^


'!T)SY

\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
MB`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@





L.3@R+#0P
M



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@



L-#DW+#DP
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
2XU


L-#`W+#`P

M8FEL:71I97

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

M:60G/B8C


T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SXQ,RPP,3(L,S`P/]F;VYT
M/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO




#L\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\='(@


#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B



M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O


M=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^

#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T


M;&4]

M9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-


34L
3`P+#
P
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L

'!T)SXQ
M-2PQ
#`L
S`P/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C


M

M9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-


C(W+#8P
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N

'!T)SXR

M-C`P/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C






T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

M/B8C


T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SXH,3$L-30V+#`P,#PO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@




M







M=&0^)B



'!T

2PY
#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`\=&0^)B



M.B`Q
'!T)SXU+#
P.PS,#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[


M(#QT9#XF(S$V

T0G
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

38L
M-SDT+#(P
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9#XF(S$V

T0G
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


M-3`W+#$P





#`E.R!B;W)D97(M8V]L

M.B`Q



M/C(P
3
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\
M=&0^)B

'!T)SXR
#$R
M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C

M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SX-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q

M;CTS1#(^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\
M=&0^)B

M9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B

M1D8G/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@-C0E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL

M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,24G/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@



24G/B8C

'!T



M
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E)SXF(S$V

T0G



#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

T0G9F]N=US:7IE
M.B`Q,'!T)SXQ,2PS-30L-#`P/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C


X
RPY
#`\+V9O;G0^





PV,#`\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B

M



M871I=F4@97AP96YS97
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
2XU


T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SXR+#`Y-PR
#`\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q



'!T)SXQ+#DX
M-PV,#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B



M

T0G
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@







Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

M

#L\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C:V=R;W5N

#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\
M=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B





T0G9F]N

M=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\

Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[

T0G

38P


\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q



#`\+V9O

M
'!T)SXI/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C


M




Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\



M9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-




M3W1H97(@:6YC;VUE/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^


M/C$S.PS,#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B



M9#XF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


6QE/3-$)W!A9&1I;F<M8F]T=&]M.B`Q

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O
M='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
M,'!T)SXH-PQ


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ(#$N-7!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
2XU


#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S

M;&4]

M




'!T)SXH
SDQ+#8P
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S



M)SXF(S$V




M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

M93H@

M



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXR


C5P



T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SXH.#`L.3`P/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^



'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




M






3
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`\=&0^)B

'!T)SXR
M
#$R/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C


M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@8V]L

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`\=&0^)B


M0T5%1D8G/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@-C0E)SX\9F]N=!S

24G/B8C


U+#@P
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,24G/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@





'!T)SXU.#

Q-C`[




Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T



M1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C


M/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO


M*3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF
M(S$V


T0G=F5R



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O
M='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
M,'!T)SXM/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M/'1D/B8C

3!P








M:7IE.B`Q
'!T)SXH
2PP.#$L-C`P/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D('-T


M

\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[

M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P



@

I(&]N(&QI;F4@;V8@8W)E9&ET/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@




'!T)SXY.3(L-#`P/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C



#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S

T0G9F]N
M=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SXU,SDL-S`P/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C




M(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V

M
T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SXH-3(T+#$P,#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@

M/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B






#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@

'!T)SXH
RPQ

'!T)SXI/]F;VYT/CPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C






M

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@


'!T)SXH
C0P+#`P
#PO9F]N=#X\


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@

M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

M93H@

M='1O;3H@




M;&4]



M)B




M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O



2XU


3!P

M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@







M;&4]



Q

M

M;W1T;VTZ(&)L86-K(#(N
F4Z(#$P<'0G/C$Q,RPW,#`\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@<W1Y;&4]

M-7!T)SXF(S$V





Q-C`[/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/]T86)L







]
M


]



T1T;W`^0G5I


]



]




]
T1R


]

]


]
T1P


M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^5F5H:6-L97







]


]



F%?
M
V-F8E\T9C=E7V%B
S!?868V9#!E

O4VAE970S


M
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q





T0Q(')O=W-P86X]


M:69I8V%N=!!8V-O=6YT:6YG(%!O;&EC:65S(T@4V-H961U;&4@;V8@0F%S
M:6

CXQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H/@T*(`@(`@

M+B`S
2P@
C`Q

#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R


]
M

I/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M
M/B0@*#@W-BPY


M;B!S:&%R97




]
T1N




M=&EB;&4@;F]T97


]

M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B0@*#@W-BPY




M('-E8W5R:71I97





]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@


F%?
V-F8E\T9C=E7V%B
S!?868V9#!E
V8Y8S4W#0I#
M;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V
V-F4Q8C)A7S-C9F)?-&8W
M95]A8C
P7V%F-F0P93-F.6

S@N:'1M;`T*


M:G


M9#TS1$E$



M:6]N(&]F($]P97)A=&EO;G



]
T1T:#Y*=6XN(#
P




]




RXP



]
T1N=6UP/B0@
C`W+#@P


]
M





M8V]S='

]
M


C4L






T1T;W`^56YC97)T86EN

]
T1N=6UP



]


T0G9F]N=#H@










T1T;W`^4V%L97
@9&ES

M


S









M
F%?
V-F8E\T9C=E7V%B
S!?868V9#!E
V8Y8S4W#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T
M:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V
V-F4Q8C)A7S-C9F)?-&8W95]A8C
P7V%F-F0P
M93-F.6



^+RH@1&\@3F]T


$5!34)'

M/3-$




M1#(^

]
T1T

]

]

]

M1'1H(&-O;'-P86X]

]

C
L(#(P
3$\8G(^/]T
M:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q


#$R/&)R


M


3(@36]N



M/3-$=&@^2G5N+B`R
RP@
C`Q




MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#Y*=6X@,C,L#0H)3(P

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT




]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
3`L
#`P+#`P


]





]
T1N=6UP/B0@


#`\







]




]



]



]
T1R



]






]



]



]





T1T;W`^5&%N9VEB;&4@;F5T('=O



]
T1N=6UP/C8L
3@Q+#0P




]




]
T1N
M=6UP/C0L.#0X+#(P



]






#`\


M1&YU;7`^
S$R+#(P



]




]





3
L.#
P


]
M




]



]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P




]
T1N=6UP/B0@
BPP
M
#`L



]


V-F4Q8C)A7S-C9F)?-&8W95]A8C
P7V%F-F0P93-F.6
U-PT*



]

M:60]
T1)1#!%


M/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$
M=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

]



]






]
T1N=6UP/C
U-RPW


C
L-C`P/'-P86X^


M+#8P


]



T1T;W`^26YV96YT;W)I97
L(%1O=&%L

C0R+#`P
#QS

M;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO8S8V93%B
F%?
V-F8E\T9C=E
M7V%B
S!?868V9#!E

O4VAE970T
2YH=&UL#0I#


M87-C:6DB#0H-
MCQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N





M1'1L(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]




]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#





2PW-S(L



]

C$X+#DP



T1T;W`^17%U:7!M


]
T1N=6UP/C$X
RPW







96%S96AO;&0@:6UP

Y
M-RPR





3$L

3DP+#`P



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^1G5R;FET=7)E(&%N9!F:7AT

]
T1N=6UP/C
U
M.2PV


C$W+#@P


]




M97!R96-I871I;VX@86YD(&%M;W)T:7IA=&EO;CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT



]
T1N=6UP/B0@
3$L.3
W+#(P










CXQ
B!-;VYT:'
@

M/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q





]




3`U+#0P



M8S8V93%B
F%?
V-F8E\T9C=E7V%B
S!?868V9#!E

M='
O4VAE970T
RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\3454


T1T97AT+VIA=F%S

@0V]M

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q

]
M
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q+`R,#$S/&)R/E531`H)D\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@


#$Q/&)R/D-O;&4@5&%Y;&]R(%M-96UB97)=/&)R/CPO=&@^



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#


C8L(#(P
#4\8G(^4D)3(%M-96UB


]

]


]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]
M




]
M






M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^




]


2XP



]

]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]



]
T1N=6UP/B0@
2PU




M




]
T1N=6UP/C$L-3$R+#
P






BPP



]
T1N=6UP
M/C(L
C$W+#
P


T1T;W`^36%X:6UU;2!A;6]U;G0@;V8@9F%C:6QI='D\+W1D




]







]



]







]



]



]


V-F4Q8C)A7S-C9F)?-&8W95]A
M8C
P7V%F-F0P93-F.6






]



M97)M($1E8G0@*$1E=&%I;'


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#




]

BPT






#`P





T1T;W`^0V]L92!4
M87EL;W(@3F]T97

]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
M


T1T;W`^0V]L92!487EL;W(@3F]T97
@


]

M+#@W-RPQ









]



3(@

S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q


]





]
T1N=6UP/B0@
3(L


]
T1N=6UP/C(L
M
C$P+#
P


T1T;W`^3&]A;G







N


T1T;W`^3&]A;G



\

]
T1N=6UP/B0@-34R
M+#8P

]

]
T1N=6UP/C
N



P+`T*

M;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO8S8V93%B
F%?
V-F8E\T9C=E7V%B
M
S!?868V9#!E

O4VAE970T-BYH=&UL#0I#;VYT


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH
M=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N



M*B!$;R!.;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7

M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]






T1T;W`^3&]N9R!T97)M(&1E8G0L

M+#0P


]


]

]
T1N=6UP/C$L
3`T+#DP


]
M




]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^3&]N9R!T97)M(&1E8G0L('1O=&%L/]T

]



M87)T7V
V-F4Q8C)A7S-C9F)?-&8W95]A8C
P7V%F-F0P93-F.6
U-PT*0V]N





]

M




]

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

;V%N(&9R;VT@2&5I;F5K



]
2!I;G-T86QL;65N=',\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@8VQA<W
]
T1N=6UP/B0@
3
X+#$P


]

M


M9VX]

]
T1T97AT/D]C=`Y+`T*0DR
#$V/'-P86X^


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]C-C9E
6(R85\S8V9B7S1F-V5?
M86(S
%]A9C9D

T1#;VYT

]
T13:&]W+FIS








]


M(#


]


]
T1N=6UP/C4U
BPU

M96UB97(@
S$L(#(P


F%?
V-F8E\T9C=E7V%B
S!?868V9#!E
V8Y8S4W#0I#
M;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V
V-F4Q8C)A7S-C9F)?-&8W
M95]A8C
P7V%F-F0P93-F.6



M:G


M9#TS1$E$






M/3-$

]

3@L(#(P
3
\8G(^




]
M


SL@
2PP
#`L




M;&4Z+R\O0SHO8S8V93%B
F%?
V-F8E\T9C=E7V%B
S!?868V9#!E
V8Y8S4W

O4VAE970U

M







T1T



]


M8F5R(#

]
T1T

M/3-$=&]P/EEE87(@16YD:6YG($1E8V5M8F5R(#

]

M8V5M8F5R(#

]
M




M


]

BPV






M='5R:71I97


]



6(R85\S8V9B7S1F-V5?
M86(S
%]A9C9D

T0G=&5X






T1T


L-#DW+#DP


]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]





M9VX]





]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@




T1T;W`^0V]N=F5R=&EB;&4@;F]T97





]


M960@=6YT:6P@2G5N90T*


M;6%Y(&5L96-T#0IN;W0@=&\@97AT96YD('1H92!T97)M('5P;VX@=W)I='1E

M;B`V





M87EM96YT('=I=&AI;B`V




M
2PV



;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]C-C9E
6(R85\S8V9B7S1F-V5?
M86(S
%]A9C9D

T1#;VYT

]
T13:&]W+FIS


M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

@
M86YD($-O;G1I;F=E;F-I97

M='



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#



]

]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@
2PY

]
T1P

]
M
T1N=6UP/B0@
2PY

M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]C-C9E
6(R85\S8V9B7S1F-V5?86(S
%]A9C9D
&4S




^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT


S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@


@
M86YD($-O;G1I;F=E;F-I97





S$P+#(P
#QS

]


]
T1N=6UP/C(Q-2PP



M(#



3DQ+#8P


]

3`S+#@P





V-F4Q8C)A7S-C9F)?-&8W95]A8C
P7V%F-F0P
M93-F.6


]
M




M1'1H/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S
M/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q


]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


#(L
#`P


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]C-C9E
6(R85\S8V9B7S1F-V5?
M86(S
%]A9C9D

T1#;VYT

]
T13:&]W+FIS







]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$L(#(P





]


L-3(W+#`P


]



38L
3DR+#(P


]

\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@






]



RPX.30L.3`P/'-P86X^


]
T1N=6UP/C4L
#`P/'-P

S4V
M+#
P

]


]




T1T;W`^17AP96YS97

]
T1N
M=6UP/C
W-2PU





]




M96YS97

]
T1N=6UP/B0@.3`L.3`P/'-P86X^


M;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]C-C9E
6(R85\S8V9B7S1F-V5?86(S
%]A
M9C9D

T1#;VYT96YT+51Y

]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J($1O










T1T;W`^4&5R8V5N=&%G





M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@

V-F4Q8C)A
M7S-C9F)?-&8W95]A8C
P7V%F-F0P93-F.6







]

T1)1#!%4D-!13X-


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^


M='

]




M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


@;V8@9&]M97-T:6
@=V]R:R!F;W)C


T1T;W`^1W)O






C$N


C
N

]






T1T;W`^4&5R

]
T1N=6UP
M/CDN


M=%]C-C9E
6(R85\S8V9B7S1F-V5?86(S
%]A9C9D



M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH
M=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N



M*B!$;R!.;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7

M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]



T0Q

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$L(#(P


@

]
M
T1N=6UP/C$P+#`P


]




]


V-F4Q8C)A7S-C9F)?-&8W95]A8C
P7V%F-F0P93-F
M.6



]
T1R


T0R/C$R($UO;G1H



]





]



]



T1T;W`^0VAA;F=E(&EN


]



]
T1N=6UP/B0@
BPW


V-F4Q8C)A7S-C9F)?-&8W95]A8C
P
M7V%F-F0P93-F.6






]



3(@

S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q


]


]


]

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B0@*#(V+#8P

]

2PX




3(W+#DP


]

M
C

M1&YU;7`^









T1T;W`^5&]T86P\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@


MCPO:'1M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]C-C9E
6(R85\S8V9B7S1F
M-V5?86(S
%]A9C9D


T0G


T0Q(')O=W-P
M86X]





S$L
M(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
M
2P@
C`Q

]


]
T1R

S0N

S0N
#`E/'-P86X^





;V-A
M=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]C-C9E
6(R85\S8V9B7S1F-V5?86(S
%]A9C9D
M



]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J($1O($YO


@+2!38VAE


M9'

@*$1E
M=&%I;'


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#








]
T1N=6T^*#$L-C4S
M+#@P



3`S+#8P





@


]
T1N=6T^*#
L-34X+#`P


]
T1R974^#0H@(`@(`@




]



#`I/'-P86X^


6(R85\S
M8V9B7S1F-V5?86(S
%]A9C9D

M;G0]




]


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#







]



M


]


]







]
T1R;SX-

]


]
T1T

M7V
V-F4Q8C)A7S-C9F)?-&8W95]A8C
P7V%F-F0P93-F.6
U-PT*0V]N=&5N





]

T1)

CXQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H/@T*

M=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q


]
M
T1N=6UP/B0@
S8L-#$X+#(P






]
T1N=6UP/C(P+#(U
2PU



]
T1N=6UP/C$L
#0X+#$P


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0V%P:71A;!%



]


M
T1T;W`^3F5T(%-A;&5S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M






M
BPW



]


]







]

]

\+W1D/@T*


]
T1N=6UP/C8Y-2PY


M='

]
T1N=6UP/C0L
M-#0P+#@P

]


]
T1N=6UP/C0S
BPQ









]


]





]
T1N=6UP/C
L
#
U+#8P



]


T1T;W`^
M3F5T(%-A;&5S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


M
S$Y+#8P

]

]

SDL



M

]


]
T1N=6UP/C8Q-BPP




;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]C-C9E
6(R85\S8V9B7S1F-V5?86(S
M
%]A9C9D

T1#;VYT96YT

]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J




3(@36]N=&AS

S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q


]


]



M9&EF9F5R96YT('-E9VUE;G1S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$

2XP


M;G



M-RXP


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]C-C9E
6(R85\S8V9B7S1F-V5?86(S
M
%]A9C9D

T1#;VYT96YT

]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J





@06YD(%)E;&5T


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#



]




]

2PU
3(L

BPU


38U+#4P


]
T1R;W4^#0H@


M



]
T1N=6UP/C$L
C(U+#`P



T1T


]

]


T1T;W`^3W1H97(@87-S971S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D



C8X+#@P



]
T1N=6UP/C$W+#4P
M-RPQ

M/3-$=&]P/DQI;F4@;V8@8W)E9&ET/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S






]
T1N=6UP/C$L-3@T
M+#
P

]






T1T;W`^5&]T86P@8W5R






M;7`^


\+W1D/@T*

]
T1N=6UP/C
L-#`W+#`P
#QS

M/E1O=&%L(&QI86)I;&ET:65S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$

RPP
3(L

3(L
3DX+#@P



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0V]M;6]N('-T;V-K/]T9#X-



T1T




C(W+#8P



]

3$L-30V+#`P

3DL


2PY


]
T1R


]
T1N=6UP/B0@

M+#$P



]


M(&]F(%53($]P97)A=&EO;G
@*$1E=&%I;'
I(A-96YD;V-I;F\L($U0R!!

]


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#



]




]
T1N=6UP/B0@
38L
C(X+#
P


]




3(L
S@S+#DP


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4V5L;&EN9RP@;6%R:V5T:6YG+!A










I(&9R;VT@;W!E

]
T1N
M=6UP/C$P-2PS



S@P+#`P

]

M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^3W1H97(@:6YC;VUE/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L

S@L

3DV+#4P



]


T1T

]
T1N=6T^*#$X-BPR
#`I/'-P86X^

]

]
T1N=6T^


]


F%?
V-F8E\T9C=E7V%B
S!?868V
M9#!E
V8Y8S4W#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V
V-F4Q
M8C)A7S-C9F)?-&8W95]A8C
P7V%F-F0P93-F.6


M(G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%5$$@:'1T


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@

$5'2D%%/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@





CXQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H/@T*(`@(`@

M+B`S
2P@
C`Q

#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R





]
T1N=6UP/B0@.3
U+#@P







M('-A;&4@;V8@97%U:7!M96YT/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$



S0R
M+#`P


]
T1N
M=6T^*#
W



]
T1N=6UP/C$X


]


]




T1T;W`^3F5T(&-H


M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@R-#`L




]
T1N=6T^*#8P
RPS

S+#DP



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0V%S:P@8F5G:6YN

]
M
T1N=6UP/C$X-RPR



]
T1N=6UP/B0@



F%?
M
V-F8E\T9C=E7V%B
S!?868V9#!E
V8Y8S4W#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N
M.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V
V-F4Q8C)A7S-C9F)?-&8W95]A8C
P7V%F-F0P93-F
M.6


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E


$5+0D%#/@T*

M


M+B`S
2P@
C`Q

]

]
T1T




]
T1N=6UP/B0@

6(R85\S8V9B7S1F-V5?
M86(S
%]A9C9D



M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\

T1T97AT+VIA

@

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
M



]

M

#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@


]



]


]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@-3`P+#`P

]
T1P




]

3`N





M:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970P-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$
M(E-H965T,#4N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#`V+FAT
M;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970P-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z
M1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
#@N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS
M1)3:&5E=#`Y+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970Q,YH
M=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
3$N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO
M.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$R+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
M,T0B4VAE970Q,RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,30N
M:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$U+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\
M;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Q-BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F
M/3-$(E-H965T

M+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970Q.2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@
M/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,C`N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E
M9CTS1)3:&5E=#(Q+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970R
M
BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
C
N:'1M;(O/@T*
M(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(T+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2
M968],T0B4VAE970R-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
M,C8N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(W+FAT;6PB+SX-
MB`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970R.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(
M4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,CDN:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E
M=#,P+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970S
2YH=&UL(B\^
M#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
S(N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@
M2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#
S+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE
M970S-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
S4N:'1M;(O
M/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#
V+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE
M($A2968],T0B4VAE970S-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H
M965T,S@N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#,Y+FAT;6PB
M+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970T
YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL
M92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#$N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3
M:&5E=#0R+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970T
RYH=&UL

M:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970T.2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$
M(E-H965T-3`N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#4Q+FAT
M;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970U,BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z
M1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-3,N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS
M1)3:&5E=#4T+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970U-2YH
M=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-38N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO
M.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#4W+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
M,T0B4VAE970U.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-3DN
M:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#8P+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\
M;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970V,2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F
M/3-$(E-H965T-C(N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#8S
M+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970V-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@
M/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-C4N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E
M9CTS1)3:&5E=#8V+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970V

`
end











    
  
      

          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

      


 2013

          



 2012

          



 2011

          



 2011

          



 2013



          



 2005

          



 2013



          



 2005





          



Percentage of line of credit drawn on receivables
 maximum
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Percentage of line of credit drawn on inventory
 maximum
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        

				 2016
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Line of credit
 outstanding amount
        
        
        
        

517
200
        

328
700
        


        
        
        
        
        

512
300
        
        
        


        

242
000

910
500
        
        

217
300
        
        
        


        
        
        

000
000
        
        
        
        

750
000


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 within one year of the balance sheet date (or the normal operating cycle
 whichever is longer)
 for goods or services (including trade receivables) that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business
 reduced to the estimated net realizable fair value by an allowance established by the entity of the amount it deems uncertain of collection.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in CCYY-MM-DD format.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 19
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
 -Paragraph 19
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
 -Paragraph 19
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        


    
    
Year ended December 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Loan from Heineken UK Limited
 payable in quarterly installments of $138
100
 plus interest at UK prime plus 5% maturing on October 9
 2016
 secured by licensing rights pursuant to the Sub-License Agreement.
    
    
1
657
400
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
657
400
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
552
500
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
104
900
    
    
    
    
    




        
        


as follows:



Year ended December 31
 2014
    
    
    
552
500
    

Year ended December 31
 2015
    
    
    
552
500
    

Year ended December 31
 2016
    
    
    
552
400
    






        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






Long-term Debt
 Unclassified [Abstract]
        


        
        


    
    
Year ended December 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Loan from Cole Taylor
 payable in monthly installments of $12
300
 plus interest at prime plus 4% with a balloon payment of approximately $2
210
300 in June 2016; secured by real property at Ukiah.
    
    
2
570
900
    
    
    
2
718
300
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Loan from Cole Taylor
 payable in monthly installments of $23
000 including interest at prime plus 3.5% with a balloon payment of approximately $552
600 in June 2016; secured by all assets of Releta and MBC
 excluding real property at Ukiah.
    
    
1
877
100
    
    
    
1
714
100
    

    
    
    
4
448
000
    
    
    
4
432
400
    

    
    
    
4
448
000
    
    
    
450
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
3
982
400
    






        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including but not limited to identification of terms
 features
 collateral requirements and other information necessary to a fair presentation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        


        
        
        


        

800

000




        
          

        
          
            

 partners or other equity holders in consolidated entity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 pension and post-retirement benefit expense or other labor-related non-salary expense. For commercial and industrial companies
 excludes any direct and overhead labor that is included in cost of goods sold.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          











Long term debt
 total

448
000

432
400


        

448
000

000


        
        

982
400



          

        
        


Long term debt
 total

570
900

718
300



          

        
        


Long term debt
 total

877
100

714
100




        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 commercial loans
 mortgage loans
 convertible debt
 subordinated debt and other types of debt
 with initial maturities beyond one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after unamortized discount or premium
 scheduled to be repaid within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding current portion.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        


under the capital lease and the present value of the net minimum lease payments as of December 31
 2013
 are as follows:



Year Ending December 31
 2014
    
    
6
400
    

Year Ending December 31
 2015
    
    
6
400
    

Year Ending December 31
 2016
    
    
6
400
    

Year Ending December 31
 2017
    
    
6
400
    

    
    
    
25
600
    

    
    
    
(2
600
    

    
    
    
23
000
    

    
    
    
5
300
    

    
    
    
17
700
    






        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in aggregate and for each of the five years succeeding fiscal years
 with separate deductions from the total for the amount representing executor costs
 including any profit thereon
 included in the minimum lease payments and for the amount of the imputed interest necessary to reduce the net minimum lease payments to present value.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        


arrangements are as follows:



Year Ending December 31

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
1
938
800
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
1
938
800
    




        
        





Year Ending December 31

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
400
500
    

    
    
    
    
310
200
    

    
    
    
    
215
000
    

    
    
    
    
195
000
    

    
    
    
    
191
600
    

    
    
    
    
103
800
    

    
    
    
    
1
416
100
    






        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        




 2011
 MBC and Releta entered into
a Credit and Security Agreement (the &#147;Agreement&#148;) with Cole Taylor Bank
 an Illinois banking corporation (&#147;Cole
Taylor&#148;). The Agreement provides a credit facility with a maturity date of June 23
 2016 of up to $10
000
000 consisting
of a $4
119
000 revolving facility
 a $1
934
000 machinery and equipment term loan
 a $2
947
000 real estate term loan and a $1
000
000
capital expenditure line of credit. A significant portion of the proceeds received under the Agreement were used to repay credit
facilities provided by Marquette Business Credit
 Inc. and Grand Pacific Financing Corporation. Convertible promissory notes issued
to United Breweries of America
 Inc. (&#147;UBA&#148;)
 one of the Company&#146;s principal shareholders
 are subordinated to
the Cole Taylor facility.


certain minimum fixed charge coverage ratios for trailing twelve month periods and minimum tangible net worth. The minimum tangible
net worth MBC and Releta are required to maintain is subject to increase based on the net income of MBC and Releta. On March 29
2013
 MBC
 Releta
 and Cole Taylor entered into a First Amendment (the &#147;Amendment&#148;) to the Agreement to clarify the
method by which the fixed charge coverage ratio is calculated
 with retrospective application.


the trailing twelve month periods ended March 31
 2013 onwards fell short of the required ratio. The tangible net worth fell short
of the required amount for the period beginning June 1
 2013 onwards.


 2013
 MBC and Releta received
a notice (the &#147;Default Notice&#148;) from Cole Taylor regarding its intention to exercise certain rights with respect to
events of default of the Company pursuant to the Agreement.


MBC and Releta to observe any covenant will constitute an event of default under the Agreement. Under the Agreement
 upon the occurrence
of an event of default
 all of MBC&#146;s and Releta&#146;s obligations under the Agreement may
 at the option of Cole Taylor
be declared
 and immediately shall become
 due and payable
 without notice of any kind. The event of default shall be deemed continuing
until waived in writing by Cole Taylor. The Default Notice states that Cole Taylor has elected to charge a default interest rate
equal to two percent (2%) per annum in excess of the interest rate otherwise payable under the Agreement effective September 1
2013. The Company estimates that the increased rate currently results in approximately $120
000 additional annual interest expense.
Cole Taylor has not waived the events of default described in the Default Notice and has reserved all other available rights and
remedies under the Agreement
 certain other related documents and applicable law. Cole Taylor could declare the full amount owed
under the Agreement due and payable at any time for any reason or no reason. The Company has not received any notice or other communication
from Cole Taylor that it intends to exercise any of the remedies available to it under the Agreement in connection with the events
of default. The exercise of additional remedies by Cole Taylor may have a material adverse effect on the Company&#146;s financial
condition and the Company&#146;s ability to continue to operate. If it becomes necessary for MBC and Releta to seek additional
financing
 there is no guarantee that MBC and Releta will be able to obtain such financing on terms favorable to the Company or
on any terms.


 2013
 the fixed charge coverage
ratio was required to be 1.10 to 1. The Company calculated that the fixed charge coverage ratio as of December 31
 2013 was -0.58
to 1. The Company calculated that the required tangible net worth of MBC and Releta was $6
181
400 as of December 31
 2013 and
the actual tangible net worth on such date was $4
848
200. The Company does not anticipate that it will regain compliance with
the required fixed charge coverage ratio or the minimum tangible net worth in the immediate future.


 lines of credit
 other
credit facilities and lease agreements which are currently outstanding (collectively
 &#147;Indebtedness&#148;). We currently
make timely payments of principal and interest relating to the Indebtedness as they fall due and anticipate that we will continue
to make such timely payments in the immediate future. However
 if we fail to maintain any of the financial covenants under the
various agreements governing Indebtedness (such as the default under the Agreement described above)
 fail to make timely payments
of amounts due under the Indebtedness
 or commit any other breach resulting in an event of default under the agreements governing
Indebtedness
 such events of default (including cross-defaults) could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition.
If our existing debt were accelerated and terminated
 we would need to obtain replacement financing
 the lack of which would have
a material adverse effect on our financial condition and ability to continue operations. In addition
 actions taken by secured
parties against the Company&#146;s assets which have been pledged as collateral could have a material adverse effect on our financial
condition and operations.


 2013
 we had cash and cash
equivalents of $324
800
 an accumulated deficit of $14
707
600
 and a working capital deficit of $6
334
800 due to losses incurred
and reclassification of debts owing to Cole Taylor as a result of the default under the Agreement described above.


 2013
 United Breweries Holding
Limited (&#147;UBHL&#148;)
 Company&#146;s indirect majority shareholder issued a letter of financial support on behalf of MBC
(the &#147;Letter of Support&#148;) to MBC&#146;s accountants to confirm that UBHL had agreed to provide funding on an as needed
basis to ensure that MBC is able to meet its financial obligations when they fall due. The Letter of Support do not specify either
the terms of UBHL&#146;s support
 or a maximum dollar limit. UBHL&#146;s financial support is contingent upon compliance with
any applicable exchange control requirements and other applicable laws and regulations relating to the transfer of funds from India.
The MBC Letter of Support was issued for a period through December 31
 2014
 but
 if necessary
 management intends to seek UBHL&#146;s
consent to extend the stated support. UBHL controls the Company&#146;s two largest shareholders
 UBA and Inversiones Mirabel S.A.
and as such
 UBHL is the Company&#146;s indirect majority shareholder. The Chairman of the Company&#146;s Board of Directors
Dr. Vijay Mallya
 is also the chairman of the board of directors of UBHL.


11
 2013 from UBHL expressing its willingness to commit to invest $2
000
000 in the Company in four installments to be paid every
six months over a two year period. The letter did not state definitive terms for the proposed investment. UBHL would consider additional
investment based on a business plan to be provided by the Company.


us to meet our working capital needs through December 31
 2014
 including reducing discretionary expenditures
 expanding business
in new territories
 reducing manpower and securing additional brewing contracts in an effort to utilize a portion of excess production
capacity. We may also seek additional capital infusions to support our operations.


financial assistance under the Letter of Support and UBHL does not fulfill its commitment to MBC
 it may result in a material
adverse effect on our financial position and on our ability to continue operations. In addition
 our lenders may seek to satisfy
any outstanding obligations through recourse against the applicable pledged collateral which may include our real property and
fixed and current assets. The loss of any material pledged asset would likely have a material adverse effect on our financial
position and results of operations.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        


as of December 31
 2013 and 2012 and the value of the transactions with these related parties for the years ended December 31
2013 and 2012:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
2
400
400
    
    
    
3
527
000
    

    
    
    
11
367
700
    
    
    
16
192
200
    

    
    
    
865
100
    
    
    
1
030
900
    

    
    
    
3
006
100
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
375
500
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
90
900
    
    
    
91
300
    

    
    
    
2
400
    
    
    
2
400
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
70
400
    
    
    
3
894
900
    

    
    
    
5
000
    
    
    
356
300
    

    
    
    
1
746
800
    
    
    
    
    






        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but are not limited to
 transactions between (a) a parent company and its subsidiary; (b) subsidiaries of a common parent; (c) and entity and its principal owners and (d) affiliates.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          











        
        
        


        

000

000


        

700

600


        

600

300


        

700

600


Inventories
 Total

242
000

910
500




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 typically a reseller.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          







        
        


Year Ending December 31
 2014

500


Year Ending December 31
 2015

200


Year Ending December 31
 2016

000


Year Ending December 31
 2017

000


Year Ending December 31
 2018

600


        

800


        

416
100




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          











        
        
        


        

800

500


Accounts receivable
 net

119
300

421
600


        

242
000

910
500


        

600

900


        

277
700

045
500


Property and Equipment
 net

664
800

937
200


        
        
        


        

500

800


        

500

800


        

267
000

251
500


        
        
        


        

245
000

159
700


        

893
800

693
600


        

467
900

652
100


        

500
        


Current maturities of long-term debt
 others

448
000

000


        

300

100


        

612
500

958
500


        
        
        


        

497
900

407
000


Long term debt to related party
 less current maturities

104
900
        


        
        

982
400


Long term lease
 less current maturities

700
        


        

620
500

389
400


        

233
000

347
900


        
        
        


Preferred stock
 Series A
 no par value
 with liquidation preference of $1 per share; 10
000
000 shares authorized
 227
600 shares issued and outstanding

600

600


Common stock
 no par value 30
000
000 shares authorized
 12
611
133 shares issued and outstanding

100
300

100
300


        

700

400


        

707
600)

830
700)


        

034
000

903
600


        

267
000

251
500




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the amount due from customers or clients for goods or services that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business
 reduced to their estimated net realizable fair value by an allowance established by the entity of the amount it deems uncertain of collection.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature
 are incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered. Examples include taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of tax effect
 at period end. Excludes Net Income (Loss)
 and accumulated changes in equity from transactions resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners. Includes foreign currency translation items
 certain pension adjustments
 unrealized gains and losses on certain investments in debt and equity securities
 other than temporary impairment (OTTI) losses related to factors other than credit losses on available-for-sale and held-to-maturity debt securities that an entity does not intend to sell and it is not more likely than not that the entity will be required to sell before recovery of the amortized cost basis
 as well as changes in the fair value of derivatives related to the effective portion of a designated cash flow hedge.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 maintenance
 and taxes to be paid by the lessor
 together with any profit thereon) net of payments or other amounts applied to the principal
 through the balance sheet date and due to be paid more than one year (or one operating cycle
 if longer) after the balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 typically the entity's common stock
 at the option of the issuer or the holder
 and places a lender in a lien position behind debt having a higher priority of repayment in liquidation of the entity's assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which is a bank's commitment to make loans up to a specific amount. Examples of items that might be included in the application of this element may consist of letters of credit
 standby letters of credit
 and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before
 as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line. Includes short-term obligations that would normally be classified as current liabilities but for which (a) postbalance sheet date issuance of a long term obligation to refinance the short term obligation on a long term basis
 or (b) the enterprise has entered into a financing agreement that clearly permits the enterprise to refinance the short-term obligation on a long term basis and the following conditions are met (1) the agreement does not expire within 1 year and is not cancelable by the lender except for violation of an objectively determinable provision
 (2) no violation exists at the BS date
 and (3) the lender has entered into the financing agreement is expected to be financially capable of honoring the agreement.
              
 -Paragraph 19
 20
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of unamortized discount or premium
 including current and noncurrent amounts. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.
              
 -Paragraph 20
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after unamortized discount or premium
 scheduled to be repaid within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 due to related parties. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 payable to related parties
 which are due after one year (or one business cycle).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as of the balance sheet date
 of assets not separately disclosed in the balance sheet.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding current portion.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      











          

        
        


        

300

300


        

210
300

210
300


Loans payable
 interest rate above prime rate
        
        


        

				 2016

				 2016



          

        
        


        

000

000


        

600

600


Loans payable
 interest rate above prime rate
        
        


        

				 2016

				 2016




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in CCYY-MM-DD format.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
 -Paragraph 19
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        


        

900)

400


        
        
        


        

105
400

048
100


        

400)

000)


        

600

400)


        

900

300


        
        
        


        

395
400

000


        

100)

900)


        

100)

100)


        

900)

000


        

500)

221
300)


        

300)

000)


        

100

100


        
        
        


Purchases of property
 equipment and leasehold improvements

000)

503
100)


        

000

200


        

000)

490
900)


        
        
        


        

200)

360
500


Borrowing on long term debts
 related party

564
200
        


Borrowing on long term debts
 others

700

700


        

100)

800)


        
        

100)


        

100)

700)


        

500

600


        

300)

500)


        

300

700)


        

500

200


        

800

500


        
        
        


        

200

700


        

100

700


        
        
        


        

000
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Includes effect from exchange rate changes.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets not used in production
 and which are not intended for resale
 to allocate or recognize the cost of such assets over their useful lives; or to record the reduction in book value of an intangible asset over the benefit period of such asset; or to reflect consumption during the period of an asset that is not used in production.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 federal
 state
 and local authorities as taxes on income
 net of any cash received during the current period as refunds for the overpayment of taxes.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but not limited to
 contract
 escrow
 or earnest money deposits
 retainage (if applicable)
 deposits with clearing organizations and others
 collateral
 or margin deposits.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 associated with underlying transactions that are classified as operating activities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property
 plant
 and equipment and other productive assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale; includes cash outflows to pay for construction of self-constructed assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including letter of credit
 standby letter of credit and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a specific amount at any point in time with maturities due beyond one year or the operating cycle
 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including letter of credit
 standby letter of credit and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a specific amount at any point in time with either short term or long term maturity that is collateralized (backed by pledge
 mortgage or other lien in the entity's assets).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 accounts receivable and notes receivable.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 supported by a promissory note
 granted to related parties where one party can exercise control or significant influence over another party; including affiliates
 owners or officers and their immediate families
 pension trusts
 and so forth.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        


Provision for income taxes
 US Federal
        
        


Provision for income taxes
 US States

100

700


        

100

700


        
        
        


        

100

700




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        


    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
113
700
    
    
    
123
200
    

Accounts receivable
 net
    
    
1
512
300
    
    
    
2
531
700
    

    
    
    
2
217
300
    
    
    
1
910
500
    

    
    
    
165
500
    
    
    
111
900
    

    
    
    
4
008
800
    
    
    
4
677
300
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
225
000
    
    
    
1
225
000
    

    
    
    
10
519
200
    
    
    
10
864
600
    

    
    
    
716
700
    
    
    
471
400
    

    
    
    
324
500
    
    
    
268
800
    

    
    
    
16
794
200
    
    
    
17
507
100
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
517
200
    
    
    
1
887
700
    

    
    
    
2
524
500
    
    
    
1
584
300
    

    
    
    
1
001
700
    
    
    
884
300
    

    
    
    
4
453
300
    
    
    
453
100
    

    
    
    
9
496
700
    
    
    
4
809
400
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
17
700
    
    
    
3
982
400
    

    
    
    
3
497
900
    
    
    
3
407
000
    

    
    
    
13
012
300
    
    
    
12
198
800
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
15
100
300
    
    
    
15
100
300
    

    
    
    
227
600
    
    
    
227
600
    

    
    
    
(11
546
000
    
    
    
(10
019
600
    

    
    
    
3
781
900
    
    
    
5
308
300
    

    
    
    
16
794
200
    
    
    
17
507
100
    




        
        


    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
14
024
400
    
    
    
16
228
300
    

    
    
    
11
354
400
    
    
    
12
383
900
    

Selling
 marketing
 and retail expenses
    
    
1
710
600
    
    
    
1
754
500
    

    
    
    
2
094
200
    
    
    
1
984
600
    

    
    
    
(1
134
800
    
    
    
105
300
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(448
200
    
    
    
(380
000
    

    
    
    
(77
600
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
138
300
    
    
    
196
500
    

    
    
    
(4
100
    
    
    
(2
700
    

    
    
    
(391
600
    
    
    
(186
200
    

    
    
    
(1
526
400
    
    
    
(80
900
    




        
        


    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
935
800
    
    
    
583
700
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(342
000
    
    
    
(1
086
600
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
5
000
    

    
    
    
(342
000
    
    
    
(1
081
600
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(370
500
    
    
    
992
400
    

    
    
    
539
700
    
    
    
184
700
    

    
    
    
(524
100
    
    
    
(456
800
    

    
    
    
(3
100
    
    
    
(46
400
    

    
    
    
(245
300
    
    
    
(240
000
    

    
    
    
(603
300
    
    
    
433
900
    

Cash
 beginning of year
    
    
123
200
    
    
    
187
200
    

Cash
 end of year
    
    
113
700
    
    
    
123
200
    






        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including
 but not limited to
 balance sheets of consolidated entities and consolidation eliminations.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including
 but not limited to
 cash flow statements of consolidated entities and consolidation eliminations.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including
 but not limited to
 the balance sheet
 income statement
 and statement of cash flows.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      











          

        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        



UBIUK
 has cumulative losses of approximately $1
717
400 as of December 31
 2013. Under KBEL&#146;s line of credit agreement with
RBS
 distributions and other payments to the Company from its subsidiary are not permitted if the subsidiary&#146;s retained earnings
drop below $1
657
400. Condensed financial information of the United States operations is as follows:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
113
700
    
    
    
123
200
    

Accounts receivable
 net
    
    
1
512
300
    
    
    
2
531
700
    

    
    
    
2
217
300
    
    
    
1
910
500
    

    
    
    
165
500
    
    
    
111
900
    

    
    
    
4
008
800
    
    
    
4
677
300
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
225
000
    
    
    
1
225
000
    

    
    
    
10
519
200
    
    
    
10
864
600
    

    
    
    
716
700
    
    
    
471
400
    

    
    
    
324
500
    
    
    
268
800
    

    
    
    
16
794
200
    
    
    
17
507
100
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
517
200
    
    
    
1
887
700
    

    
    
    
2
524
500
    
    
    
1
584
300
    

    
    
    
1
001
700
    
    
    
884
300
    

    
    
    
4
453
300
    
    
    
453
100
    

    
    
    
9
496
700
    
    
    
4
809
400
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
17
700
    
    
    
3
982
400
    

    
    
    
3
497
900
    
    
    
3
407
000
    

    
    
    
13
012
300
    
    
    
12
198
800
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
15
100
300
    
    
    
15
100
300
    

    
    
    
227
600
    
    
    
227
600
    

    
    
    
(11
546
000
    
    
    
(10
019
600
    

    
    
    
3
781
900
    
    
    
5
308
300
    

    
    
    
16
794
200
    
    
    
17
507
100
    




    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
14
024
400
    
    
    
16
228
300
    

    
    
    
11
354
400
    
    
    
12
383
900
    

Selling
 marketing
 and retail expenses
    
    
1
710
600
    
    
    
1
754
500
    

    
    
    
2
094
200
    
    
    
1
984
600
    

    
    
    
(1
134
800
    
    
    
105
300
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(448
200
    
    
    
(380
000
    

    
    
    
(77
600
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
138
300
    
    
    
196
500
    

    
    
    
(4
100
    
    
    
(2
700
    

    
    
    
(391
600
    
    
    
(186
200
    

    
    
    
(1
526
400
    
    
    
(80
900
    




    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
935
800
    
    
    
583
700
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(342
000
    
    
    
(1
086
600
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
5
000
    

    
    
    
(342
000
    
    
    
(1
081
600
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(370
500
    
    
    
992
400
    

    
    
    
539
700
    
    
    
184
700
    

    
    
    
(524
100
    
    
    
(456
800
    

    
    
    
(3
100
    
    
    
(46
400
    

    
    
    
(245
300
    
    
    
(240
000
    

    
    
    
(603
300
    
    
    
433
900
    

Cash
 beginning of year
    
    
123
200
    
    
    
187
200
    

Cash
 end of year
    
    
113
700
    
    
    
123
200
    






        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      







          

        


Property and equipment
 estimated useful life
        



          

        


Property and equipment
 estimated useful life
        



          

        


Property and equipment
 estimated useful life
        



          

        


Property and equipment
 estimated useful life
        



          

        


Property and equipment
 estimated useful life
        



          

        


Property and equipment
 estimated useful life
        



          

        


Property and equipment
 estimated useful life
        




        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days. Examples include
 but not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        




 Inc.
 was formed
in 1983 in California
 and has two operating subsidiaries: Releta Brewing Company
 LLC
 (&#147;Releta&#148;)
 and United Breweries
International (UK) Limited (&#147;UBIUK&#148;). In the United States (&#147;US&#148;)
 MBC and its subsidiary
 Releta
 operate
two breweries that produce beer for the specialty &#147;craft&#148; segment of the beer market. The breweries are located in
Ukiah
 California and Saratoga Springs
 New York. The majority of sales for Mendocino Brewing Company in the US are in California.
The Company brews several brands
 of which Red Tail Ale is the flagship brand. In addition
 the Company performs contract brewing
for several other brands
 and MBC holds the license to distribute Kingfisher Premium Lager Beer in the US and Canada. Generally
product shipments are made directly from the breweries to the wholesalers or distributors in accordance with state and local laws.
In these notes
 the term &#147;the Company&#148; and its variants and the terms &#147;we
&#148; &#147;us
&#148; and &#147;our&#148;
and their variants are generally used to refer to Mendocino Brewing Company
 Inc. together with its subsidiaries
 while the term
&#147;MBC&#148; is used to refer to Mendocino Brewing Company
 Inc. as an individual entity.


subsidiary
 UBIUK
 is a holding company for Kingfisher Beer Europe Limited (&#147;KBEL&#148;). KBEL is a distributor of Kingfisher
Premium Lager Beer
 in the United Kingdom and Europe. The distributorship is located in Maidstone
 Kent in the UK.


        
        




to the balance sheet date of periodic reports
 but before financial statements are issued for periods ending on such balance sheet
dates
 for possible adjustment to such financial statements or other disclosure. This evaluation generally occurs through the
date at which the Company&#146;s financial statements are electronically prepared for filing with the Securities and Exchange
Commission (&#147;SEC&#148;).


        
        




the accounts of Mendocino Brewing Company
 Inc.
 and its wholly-owned subsidiaries
 Releta and UBIUK. All material intracompany
and inter-company balances
 profits and transactions have been eliminated.


        
        



December 31
 2013 and 2012 have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States.
The financial statements and notes are representations of the management and the Board of Directors
 who are responsible for their
integrity and objectivity.


        
        




for the prior year have been reclassified to conform to the current year presentation. These reclassifications had no effect on
net income or equity.


Cash and Cash Equivalents
 Short and Long-Term Investments
        

Cash and Cash Equivalents
 Short- and Long-Term
Investments


 the Company considers
all highly liquid investments purchased with a maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents.


        
        



are located in the UK. Although this country is considered economically stable and the Company has experienced no notable burden
from foreign exchange transactions
 export duties
 or government regulations
 it is always possible that unanticipated events
in foreign countries could disrupt the Company&#146;s operations.


        
        

Trade Accounts Receivable and Allowance
for Doubtful Accounts


invoiced amount and are the amount the Company expects to collect. Sales are made to approved customers on an open account basis
subject to established credit limits
 and generally no collateral is required. The allowance for doubtful accounts is the Company&#146;s
best estimate of the amount of probable credit losses in the Company&#146;s existing accounts receivable; however
 changes in
circumstances relating to accounts receivable may result in a requirement for additional allowances in the future.




accounts for estimated losses resulting from the inability of its customers to make required payments. Management considers the
following factors when determining the collectibility of specific customer accounts: customer credit-worthiness
 past transaction
history with the customer
 current economic and industry trends and changes in customer payment terms. Past due balances over
90 days and other higher risk amounts are reviewed individually for collectibility. If the financial condition of the Company&#146;s
customers were to deteriorate
 adversely affecting their ability to make payments
 additional allowances would be required. Based
on management&#146;s assessment
 the Company provides for estimated uncollectible amounts through a charge to earnings and a
credit to a valuation allowance. Balances that remain outstanding after the Company has used reasonable collection efforts are
written off through a charge to the valuation allowance and a credit to accounts receivable. The Company had allowances of $68
200
and $207
800 for doubtful accounts receivable as of December 31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively.


        
        




cost
 which approximates the first-in
 first-out method
 or market (net realizable value). The Company regularly reviews its inventories
for the presence of obsolete product attributed to age
 seasonality and quality. Inventories that are considered obsolete are
written off or adjusted to carrying value.


        
        




consist of deposits
 other receivables
 and prepayments for future services. Prepayments are expensed when the services are received.


        
        




depreciated or amortized using the straight-line method over the assets&#146; estimated useful lives. Leasehold improvements are
amortized over the shorter of the life of the improvement or the life of the related lease. The Company uses other depreciation
methods (generally
 accelerated depreciation methods) for tax purposes where appropriate. Costs of maintenance and repairs are
charged to expense as incurred; significant renewals and betterments are capitalized. When property and equipment are retired
sold
 or otherwise disposed of
 the asset&#146;s carrying amount and related accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts
and any gain or loss is included in the statement of operations.


are as follows:



    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    





at the lower of the net present value of the minimum lease payments or the fair value of the leased asset at the inception of the
lease. Amortization expense is computed using the straight-line method over the shorter of the estimated useful lives of the assets
or the period of the related lease.




long-lived assets periodically in accordance with the provisions of Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) 360
 (Accounting for
the Impairment and Disposal of Long-Lived Assets). The Company reviews the carrying value of property and equipment and any other
long-lived assets for impairment annually or whenever events and circumstances indicate that the carrying value of an asset may
not be recoverable from the estimated future cash flows expected to result from its use and eventual disposition. In cases where
undiscounted expected future cash flows are less than the carrying value
 an impairment loss is recognized equal to an amount
by which the carrying value exceeds the fair value of assets. The factors considered by management in performing this assessment
include current operating results
 trends
 and prospects
 as well as the effects of obsolescence
 demand
 competition
 and other
economic factors. Long-lived assets that management commits to sell or abandon are reported at the lower of carrying amount or
fair value less cost to sell. During the year ended December 31
 2013 and 2012 the Company recorded no impairment losses related
to long-lived assets.


        
        




capitalized and amortized over the term of the related debt. When a loan is paid in full
 any unamortized financing costs are
removed from the related accounts and charged to operations. Deferred financing costs related to borrowing made in June 2011 were
$225
000. Amortization of deferred financing costs charged to operations was $45
000 for the years ended December 31
 2013 and
2012.


        
        



with ASC 750 which requires an asset and liability approach for financial accounting and reporting for income taxes and allows
recognition and measurement of deferred tax assets based upon the likelihood of realization of tax benefits in future years. Under
the asset and liability approach
 deferred taxes are provided for the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying
amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. Deferred tax assets
and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary
differences are expected to be recovered or settled. Deferred tax assets are recognized for deductible temporary differences and
operating loss
 and tax credit carryforwards. A valuation allowance is established to reduce the deferred tax asset if it is more
likely than not that the related tax benefits will not be realized.


tax positions that the Company has taken or expects to take on a tax return (including a decision whether to file or not to file
a return in a particular jurisdiction). The Company evaluated its tax positions and determined that there were no uncertain tax
benefits for the years ending December 31
 2013 and 2012.


        
        




and distribution operations in accordance with ASC 605. The Company recognizes revenue from product sales
 net of discounts.


of the following criteria have been met:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


&#147;Persuasive Evidence of an Arrangement&#148;
&#150; 
to recognizing revenue.

&#147;Delivery Has Occurred or Services
Have Been Performed&#148; &#150;
contractual terms. Product is considered delivered upon delivery to a customer&#146;s designated location and services are considered
performed upon completion of Company&#146;s contractual obligations.

&#147;The Fee for the Arrangement is Fixed
or Determinable&#148; &#150;
 an amount is either fixed or determinable under the terms of the
written contract. The price is negotiated at the outset of the arrangement and is not subject to refund or adjustment during the
initial term of the arrangement.

&#147;Collectibility is Reasonably Assured&#148;
&#150;
on a customer-by-customer basis based on criteria outlined by management. The Company does not enter into arrangements unless collectibility
is reasonably assured at the outset. Existing customers are subject to ongoing credit evaluations based on payment history and
other factors. If it is determined during the arrangement that collectibility is not reasonably assured
 revenue is recognized
on a cash basis.


to customers for services or placement fees as a reduction in revenue rather than as an expense. The Company reports these items
on the statement of operations as a reduction in revenue and as a corresponding reduction in marketing and selling expenses.


recognized when sales have been completed.


        
        




on the sale of alcoholic beverages
 including beer. For brewers producing less than 2.0 million barrels of beer per calendar year
the federal excise tax is $7 per barrel on the first 60
000 barrels of beer removed for consumption or sale during a calendar
year
 and $18 per barrel for each barrel in excess of 60
000. Individual states also impose excise taxes on alcoholic beverages
in varying amounts
 which have also been subject to change. Sales as presented in the Company&#146;s statements of operations
reflect the amount invoiced to the Company&#146;s wholesalers and other customers. Excise taxes due to federal and state agencies
are not collected from the Company&#146;s customers
 but rather are the responsibility of the Company. Net sales
 as presented
in the Company&#146;s statements of operations
 are reduced by applicable federal and state excise taxes. In the UK
 excise taxes
are paid by the manufacturer and not by the Company.


        
        




and in response to local competitive conditions
 the Company regularly offers price discounts to distributors and retailers in
most of its markets. Sales for the years 2013 and 2012
 as presented in the Company&#146;s statements of operations
 are reduced
by $1
165
100 and $1
330
800 respectively
 related to such discounts.


        
        




for promotional expenses by distributors. The Company estimates its reserves by utilizing historical information and current contracts.
In estimating chargeback reserves
 the Company analyzes actual chargeback amounts and applies historical chargeback rates to estimate
potential chargeback. The Company routinely assesses its experience with distributors and adjusts the reserves accordingly. If
actual chargebacks and other rebates are greater than the Company&#146;s estimates
 additional reserves may be required. Revisions
to estimates are charged to income in the period in which the facts that give rise to the revision become known.


        
        




somewhat seasonal
 with the first and fourth quarters historically being the slowest and the rest of the year generating stronger
sales. The volume of sales may also be affected by weather conditions. Because of the seasonality of the Company&#146;s business
results for any one quarter are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be achieved for the full fiscal year.


        
        




to tax authorities are sales tax collected from our retail customers. State and federal excise taxes on beer shipments are the
responsibility of the company and included in our selling price. Excise taxes on shipments are shown in a separate line item in
the consolidated statement of operations as reduction of gross sales. Sales taxes collected from customers are recognized as a
liability
 with the liability subsequently reduced when the taxes are remitted to the tax authority. Total sales taxes collected
from customers and remitted to tax authorities were not material in 2013 and 2012.


        
        




 (Shipping and Handling
Fees and Costs) the company reports pass-through freight costs on beer shipped to independent beer wholesalers in cost of sales.
Reimbursements of these costs by wholesalers are reported in sales.


to deliver beer to wholesalers are included in marketing
 distribution and administrative expenses. These costs are considered
marketing related because in addition to product delivery
 wholesalers provide marketing and other customer service functions
to customers including product display
 shelf space management
 distribution of promotional materials
 and product rotation. Shipping
costs included in marketing expense totaled $911
200 and $914
200
 for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively.


        
        




dividing the earnings attributable to common stockholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the
period. In 2013
 the effect of any potentially dilutive securities would have been anti-dilutive. Therefore
 the conversion of
the related party notes has been excluded from the calculation of net earnings per share for the year ended December 31
 2013.
Basic net earnings per share exclude the dilutive effect of stock options or warrants and convertible notes. The computations of
basic and dilutive net earnings per share are as follows:



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(876
900
    
    
    
558
400
    

    
    
    
12
611
133
    
    
    
12
611
133
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
91
300
    

    
    
    
(876
900
    
    
    
649
700
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
2
288
102
    

    
    
    
12
611
133
    
    
    
14
899
235
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




        
        




UK
 where the local currency
 UK Pound Sterling
 is the functional currency. Financial statements of these subsidiaries are translated
into U.S. dollars using period-end exchange rates for assets and liabilities and average exchange rates during the period for revenues
and expenses. Cumulative translation adjustments associated with net assets or liabilities are reported in non-owner changes in
equity. Any exchange rate gains or losses related to foreign currency transactions are recognized in the income statement as incurred
in the same financial statement caption as the underlying transaction
 and are not material for any year shown.


in effect at December 31
 2013 and 2012
 and its cash flows were translated at the average exchange rates for the years then ended.
Changes in cash resulting from the translations are presented as a separate item in the statements of cash flows.


        
        




conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America includes having the Company make estimates
and assumptions affecting the reported amounts of assets
 liabilities
 revenues and expenses
 and disclosure of contingent assets
and liabilities. The amounts estimated could differ from actual results. Significant estimates include
 allowance for doubtful
accounts
 depreciation and amortization periods
 and the future utilization of deferred tax assets.


        
        



and were $755
600 and $900
700 for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively.


        
        






instruments reflects the amounts that the Company estimates to receive in connection with the sale of an asset or paid in connection
with the transfer of a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date (exit price). For
financial assets and liabilities that are periodically re-measured to fair value
 the Company discloses a fair value hierarchy
that prioritizes the use of inputs used in valuation techniques into the following three levels:


for identical assets and liabilities.


quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities.




 2013 and 2012
 the Company
had no financial assets or liabilities that required periodic re-measurement at fair value.


and liabilities
 which consist primarily of cash and cash equivalents
 accounts receivable
 other current assets
 accounts payable
and accrued expenses
 approximate the fair value of the respective assets and liabilities at December 31
 2013 and December 31
2012 based upon the short-term nature of the assets and liabilities. Based on borrowing rates currently available to the Company
for loans with similar terms
 the carrying value of short and long term notes payable approximate fair value.


        
        




net income and changes in equity from all other non-stockholder sources. The changes from these non-stockholder sources are reflected
as a separate item in the statements of operations and comprehensive income.


        
        




two business segments: (i) brewing operations
 tavern and tasting room operations in the US and Canada (the &#147;North American
Territory&#148;) and (ii) distributor operations in Europe (including Austria
 Belgium
 Denmark
 Ireland
 Italy
 the Netherlands
France
 Finland
 Germany
 Greece
 Iceland
 Liechtenstein
 Luxembourg
 Norway
 Portugal
 Spain
 Sweden
 Switzerland
 and the United
Kingdom) (the &#147;Foreign Territory&#148;). The Company evaluates performance based on net operating profit. Where applicable
portions of the administrative function expenses are allocated between the operating segments. The operating segments do not share
manufacturing or distribution facilities. In the event any materials and/or services are provided to one operating segment by
the other
 the transaction is valued according to the Company&#146;s transfer policy
 which approximates market price. The costs
of operating the manufacturing plants are captured discretely within each segment. The Company&#146;s property
 plant and equipment
inventory
 and accounts receivable are captured and reported discretely within each operating segment.


        
        




 the Financial Accounting
Standards Board (&#147;FASB&#148;) issued Accounting Standards Update (&#147;ASU&#148;) No. 2013-02
 Reporting of Amounts Reclassified
Out of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income requiring new disclosures regarding reclassification adjustments from accumulated
other comprehensive income (&#147;AOCI&#148;). ASU No. 2013-02 requires disclosure of amounts reclassified out of AOCI in its
entirety
 by component
 on the face of the statement of operations or in the notes. The standard is effective for fiscal years
beginning after December 15
 2012. The Company adopted this guidance beginning in the first quarter of 2013. Adoption of this guidance
does not have a material impact on the Company&#146;s consolidated financial statements.


 the FASB issued guidance on the
financial statement presentation of an unrecognized tax benefit when a net operating loss carryforward
 a similar tax loss
 or
a tax credit carryforward exists. The guidance is effective prospectively for fiscal years
 and interim periods within those years
beginning after December 15
 2013
 with an option for early adoption. The Company does not believe the adoption of this standard
will have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements.


by the FASB (including its Emerging Issues Task Force (&#147;EITF&#148;))
 the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants
(&#147;AICPA&#148;)
 and the SEC did not or are not believed by management to have a material impact on the Company&#146;s
present or future financial statements.




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 discloses whether such costs are expensed as incurred or the first period in which the advertising takes place. For direct response advertising costs that are capitalized
 describes those assets and the accounting policy used
 including a description of the qualifying activity
 the types of costs capitalized and the related amortization period. An entity also may disclose its accounting policy for cooperative advertising arrangements.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the principles followed in determining the inclusion or exclusion of subsidiaries or other entities in the consolidated or combined financial statements and (2) its treatment of interests (for example
 common stock
 a partnership interest or other means of exerting influence) in other entities
 for example consolidation or use of the equity or cost methods of accounting.  The accounting policy may also address the accounting treatment for intercompany accounts and transactions
 noncontrolling interest
 and the income statement treatment in consolidation for issuances of stock by a subsidiary.
              
 -Section 02
 03
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including any antidilutive items that have been excluded from the computation and takes into account stock dividends
 splits and reverse splits that occur after the balance sheet date of the latest reporting period but before the issuance of the financial statements.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 (2) translating foreign currency financial statements that are incorporated into the financial statements of the reporting enterprise by consolidation
 combination
 or the equity method of accounting
 and (3) remeasurement of the financial statements of a foreign reporting enterprise in a hyperinflationary economy.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 bases of stating inventories (for example
 lower of cost or market)
 methods by which amounts are added and removed from inventory classes (for example
 FIFO
 LIFO
 or average cost)
 loss recognition on impairment of inventories
 and situations in which inventories are stated above cost. If inventory is carried at cost
 this disclosure includes the nature of the cost elements included in inventory.
              
 -Subparagraph i
 ii
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 quantification of the expected or actual impact.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 descriptions of the basis of presentation
 business description
 significant accounting policies
 consolidations
 reclassifications
 new pronouncements not yet adopted and changes in accounting principles.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 basis of assets
 depreciation and depletion methods used
 including composite deprecation
 estimated useful lives
 capitalization policy
 accounting treatment for costs incurred for repairs and maintenance
 capitalized interest and the method it is calculated
 disposals and impairments.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the policy for each material type of transaction is generally disclosed. If a sales transaction has multiple element arrangements (for example
 delivery of multiple products
 services or the rights to use assets) the disclosure may indicate the accounting policy for each unit of accounting as well as how units of accounting are determined and valued. The disclosure may encompass important judgment as to appropriateness of principles related to recognition of revenue. The disclosure also may indicate the entity's treatment of any unearned or deferred revenue that arises from the transaction.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net realizable value)
 how the entity determines the level of its allowance for doubtful accounts
 when impairments
 charge-offs or recoveries are recognized
 and the entity's income recognition policies for such receivables
 including its treatment of related fees and costs
 its treatment of premiums
 discounts or unearned income
 when accrual of interest is discontinued
 how the entity records payments received on nonaccrual receivables and its policy for resuming accrual of interest on such receivables.  If the enterprise holds a large number of similar loans
 disclosure may include the accounting policy for the anticipation of prepayments and significant assumptions underlying prepayment estimates for amortization of premiums
 discounts
 and nonrefundable fees and costs.
              
 -Paragraph 3
 4
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















begin 644 0001493152-14-000937-xbrl.zip
M4$L#!!0````(`%B?T2-)@?I1=L``!8F0`1`!P`;65N8BTR
#$S
3(S
2YX



M+HJN:E%\#'\SG!D.A^_^\3BQE'O
'$+M]P?:D7J@8-N@)K%'[P^^W=9/;_N7

MZNAQ#0X1R[4#Z^;4$IMP%\-[4[KGC1Z)RT]9E]=Y'K.O*_J8U=5=17^SY_

MOK*(_7/3=UJOUSOVWT9%GY3DC4=M-([YZP%R%C7S#CY3_DE/X*WISC]8+MPZ







E!4PP7SY#.Q\=?A
;NYD.J^F-_<LC@,`79(R!4&QV:IL?__+(
ME`_E#K/)9XKLL@.!JQLG,2A0$2S<8&1]A/I=7D`;!MV16:]CZ;$!0H\3F&M



T+7E

?=Y*%


M?L*C+\A&(W\/[73$
%ZXI8J.JQOL[_M?PWS
[ABR'63XR8_.9LMOEN\%B4
5
MB;78`LP-

M4;(TN+(*B


KD
M&&(FQ\A2U8JP()


M
@W^1$RV=KOW[]3/:%.J((G$T?$Q:)(S
_K3F9@9^;QGLIR'V/I


U-=
M

]?S//\XJU@+VO_4FB)++2*IZ]+/(F+
M)_'DTV:?JL204!C*UPLJP2`J&'+V6]Z.\72
F7F%T01_=JN*B\UDD'I+0KU%


MKTT]F1BW
(EQQ=`T/56?&Q]NSU_`HX)1H['\`?BT*:N=4Z@3%19]&JU5[;

MH^?8IA-^)\;SS;Y



_+J]^4_E?E\JK_[GA;U4^;[L/D


MXL)H]C-#)'EX*%E0J6:PXR);D7Q#&0]2=&+.E8ZLL#V5;;!@`$)6_PE#*^


MHFA0IW('^IJC7.$'Y89.D%T+?J@I/*/1\*WR0$QWS(NJ;]XJ_$8HS.H&M2PT

MM31PWN_E


MJ+WZG






84S0IMZ^NU5JXV4G8C!;;L-HNT!Q
/ALS#IF*)O@;'

G-3Q64@?
M2[/6;#5R#$\J)M&`9`6RDV.


)AFMU!EJDNG8FJ(/LU'K=?7BB*`8([JB+NB.+E58D#@(K&NV

MB[=
GA6_5HQ:QYR
-
LF^.]XIH6V
;+@7




MT%QK7
/_B5W_D=O0#+N(6`I^G'+-N\#!A[6.IE9B3P1&VDKGZ)@H8O(W;(/Q


$)PGMQ.S8F6UM8.]D
&M/#*BLK`]%T=!



M7P`
N0!8B=*P1PHR7'*?)






MZ[[0+60[]8P/)6YR_P=GW=[Z`1[U




M)TU6OIX]\
93F-%/H+JCB@@1J%

M4D0;0\Z/4$(CCY7]CO(#$E-Q''4[8S)+RU@44!=5VY3++;*$R]$IO2[R89
$C&8\5U^


MXYF?3%7FIU(SAV25@D2:3;6@;%^E63K4&KT=7'-%]
?EHQGX04'%$32O&6I1
M@T)DY$\%)KELD3\Y!?D$
@U/II0A-EN*ZG'\

M)TXBV;)%V2KZ(9O8Y-PX

MO\J[[_;439'[N&
Z..Z7:;RHTAH_)B49NE7=X?ZAI1CWT3LY7^*7'*T@:#



M]!+^=SZC(7
7Y'\


MTO8F2\V2?I==7I
Z4\%F%!0!0HZ1-]EW.N
2-$B(NF@V8P)KK]


(Q)G`]L62S:V&91O0MYIX/F_X

MY(NJC8UY;S^


MOU1L8.G*1JA#P1#?4XH=?ON-27\%X1H^Q4)\`.$(.@[!

M*/K%_





W%-.9519SS/EY!IR;5@\8#,AC6!Q8=B9TJ3S`K2`=A[H/4YL!0U2(G^
MB7Q



[$KBA'AW:5V^N4:&+07$.TM7)()LWE%%(_JW2=12
Y
M-77-[)2IA50_!3G0J]PCJ2VPK3(=813E\Z#S$4/3[7XE.E(G(SFHJUQ04+][

0V
[DV<7A@_)^7(7V$+OO`V;\0IT18RU(H$N-(EB
MYT2SR*6(LY`4/GCEU!P/2-!GI-_?O$
_(P\@#R$Q

M
;!YYX`D%S=W&OK:!C!#F0BCE=Q+A`;!6@\C(;(0TB
'R8&X'X@.-V=B
MQD
)!1.#3RP_DZ=

A#\G0^;Z3\ATMR.9/H-Y4=L!0EYP

MG[+B9T\%IE;Q5G@#


MGVXW=^.A@G&\P*?A,2N7?QB^I(&4YDE.?@#^R?BC]3%/*FD8VK97IGNY(7



M



66[


'


M+392T0:B(M?YXJB94C


IXKDEM.]QO'LCE5UW-:M8&,F!)E-=H.


8UNI`E96J]?S5/R(Q):![*VODJ9


Z]:M:
M@=2)J?7@[6BW1)*T-=VT2Q1,5Z:
M0Q1J5S/-
CE^&=&HDO5?^H$

(JC-96_/JJE9



MN

2=7G9DEXT\%3
U7=WS#56%9FB#OE*H406R]^TN



Y*_$][+

MFF(NDBQ;U130*
_GH)J6Z;OW@=7L$V^%_\@#[.4[]@4)Z??2%W9'N'
\L4L4
MK;3[^7UIQ=R@Y:'BA;7;%-B74
LQ6HLU
!0JQ&[UDIV7]KL;--I4?!UO$
?-



M];95%0=Y*WR'L5&2#^$[+C3X7=EX(P\J3VNVZT8)JRE]GZLY3L;#6.?9GB++
M

WN[FH%XJ-*EF2K1\MEV8LP]ZCGM=D)9RM793FD@4K

MEW7T:*R2.M;@*/IW&'U;I9Z8%7C5N]2+HN]T5_K+--8:3[`_9DFHK(/VH2=V


M^77U

)AO[=@5+1F].ZFW[2J




`#Q_6#2+O
M,.R%ZSO??OOO_T)!_!H%IQ-*YS^?SWSP7O\GC[J^C#^F&3TX@;$`0[@BW=L
M_+\_?(2
'U]!G.H&_!_Z\F?#/+6

MUJ\_%9EN6]+
'&GFCDES'/#K87#''
)]\VC,&*:9<A:5?L?*;.%(82
MU#/55KN^)6)V8U/O2(Z&5BV<DS=
!?CFK00GYL#N*<?)97R]<84@93`4
MA(S\R$7TH\O_E.*J,%J4*QW3G7[U.S^Y40!Y)_W?D+ZEY0[]N7\;WCAR[U


M?N[&/[\MF&?C/R?IVGL$W^:+A3PT?376ON/N#+V35U!^T+(3;I1^F*;1LRJF
MX)T);5
O.N$'-@RO/4AW(XPCGREX+%`



GD'TSQGP])W

/2&AC#[PD_]FX''_L:\AT])
M?)0F]XRA/!\Y]E98
O13?5KCM1AZ=Z9LE'DPL#W;((?OF-SWY[DVMO[(N9
M#(87B^2/V6E#T1.$WU8.3K+CD-S9YSI

M^-QON2;0X)8C$0'A`:D+'OXIWISWNCZGAA2M85!.71+S:L*2H[1`;P8-C[



M

/E

70L+VO0A@K%60D2851W*(S


M.,ZS--WH;@YHH!0VUMB!0W*UC7+ZFP`%M/D6^*Z8N_VI_G6H
3:KYK^_?'9
M'90Q247Y/.CS$&S*5KRTI











MG!







M&1RD&%`DPH\F4\G]*

M6TA;'3['S!1

MLQ
Z


0CHO1`Q4F:I

&W








IV9#%AH`8NG-2U4GGT%`LP-:'7M<'_!&VQQ
M=Q2]D!XS4;2B
2-=D


`2%H+($W/':](X8+-GCNW*/^

M^$[:)/
3.ZS]X/H@;3<`+F`LAFQ4(4A41




6_PE
'_OXDCN;J!$.(YB!5#


=XS,M&(D9-3/.8,:=H(D9/K3]G%$JPDCA$:.&(NUE



-`](`1\2$*?*@T014S=


^2*)*R@2.6F_6(W0WM(T3$39
MHB3I%@!.`!ZVX_MA\CW8HXJA1*&*4KN(YH3I.5G+W1^./S)U/W8N2*-I6X&
M3:ZD)@_1Y1&ZI%U(Y3B1*ZH@IL-H
&M&ZG0Z+1R`L9:^Q
G!)WR'
90X:#6



7K+!!2;PI_I0RBZL#K1YM'P)-
MX60G]Y4F/6)
I&EG.;2)'V
A9`)ZEIWSKC%M*`^T84P?W9L!_$#9

M^B*5OBT]J.PU3LLU

M300`-&G0W2%BF:J?&FJ5FYI]#[R@4SX-&3(E`IN;GODYQOA0DB@7:N$0RK


MY38RD$A%7
9A3?0)1L4;9S2$FEC


M#IK/

C01\DV#0

F;%/2);5=**[O14
MABZPOZ$LTVMV\R:PXGET(3V'HK?P\D:)0YIW7K(&_0#V`A^8)X6K`1N5(9=L


'B


M9KXBE^IA=2W0





M4BFU9XM\R+F577BUDOYC(IHS!CEB4#DGG`TA./RD8F^2*=@*!9**SP).B9



MX7FNGP_IR%I$)H%@`A18+15KI@8F(:%!5$8SF
`Q#1:N

/;E!U979]\NZ+?7PEL*5U



M#Z-CT6]-Z+/?H8[.![KP]XXF&'/,R`ZKK^`]?NT9P\[*IU:6&63V^U$4OLA
MK[&.`6V=-JVYZP`!A_!K20\DCI'=.(OT]@?'!Y&5KZ*@$!74*(]Y'K_KT

MH?8




-\(?JS`



M'+LDI+

MI;W\(E!'.LIR2RHG%6[6N3^A0A


M^D


+&U9X
M,3/VL,/^E0AI3V$;@
$#.'<):]PRO0QB:H<ZVJ?D!5]5SII



3!/-X&[D`)$(.YXAI%0F
M`LWW2O/A&8T6A6M




M#[AW?%I9;*1RAN&\*F4V;7
AR\Z3IXDZ2LWG*'7&P?@[5B'&(RKYV!U=/RCE
ML0O2\A

MX9*G
Y5Y8.6R]G;MPV6#(M.*HK


K@=;]-SP5/K\
@9&!HL

Q85_WC2W




3:94U

MENS33W8?7Q#C;C5:@T'#;I:UPCP%WOU.D:(1MFSJ?T^6+E^2SM=I#(;#1JO=



MFJ#_.8QD#7H.M3@1V


MQ;



MP1?S.XB7&WUO%G!SC-T%YFEPDARUF!ACM]24GW[S7?QTS=50L#_D7&`6G@K/

R-U5I)F)4WYEHMVI=0W[0ATQ
ML91WFG'-.&D8K52H=TN0C.)IPI7G5;LC;-`#^XCWK(X=-UMT\6VN&KB0D$*=
M@#B+6^]]0;^A0V`FCRULGTU(FXZ46_V%



M@L*




M/




M5O!?-_X?3YRZ!-@Y0V#\`6N9!/



M
=3+WUN3@'M4S52)];2L.A%FFU1`[]HT4@6:T?G4FSQ69`%:Q#7?S-;OKK





W!

K
MOT1H+!V3JFG9

^GNFQ3K.^K-7V[V^!BEID[V9D$%(P!

ZWM@W_BP/ZVVZ=M.V?_I&A.TU-BS1+92VA
M5GYA`\K.BLO&\I%Z4@3L14X^:)7BD_`GP=CU`^NM-/U(
FZ@/'G:H(AOV92=



MIC-K0X249^E]-A#P!9G.@\PKS:4A0+Y]=YU9P]@FV=D)(`UN'.L:(X=O@%B0
M?/X=A++_SMSY#Y6`3QMI(

.9

[7;2\W+NHR:

U^]$PW@M_3Z)&KGA
MTM^)$Q_TSY;&)V\B6I[




CB@5,@9PN]@Y(HZFHY0:W`AY1!?'B=<NKTY&%JJ0)T-@NN=8[V-A'H_
N<0&K0_5=M_
M:


'



#_GAOYFH0RD[H1\3:
MR5=E2S-P=SR(5$M

7Q0!^



M/=7%.1SJ-U;.[9=CL^`3-H3G;'&N_$3`81L8=L#I\ZP6AK_@O#Q^8BG@43


OHNQ'[+

=6S3*A
M*XIEX3\9!1^
4

M1T![4DXM30CYT8WAVF)GEX78PI]`5JT#;5Y2$H7K5:W4:SV3S%\-^T;I19

78,OG:GON=^&YLR`@Y(4(G0(
M:AK

MR3N42:)

MQ0'=@
TSHU!06J?0I?J'@`2

G?
U));%-=9`R=)NL;\P(\($'DJA3=
M7%$NJATOJ.$'TJ:Y&`P+


M/-DSK5E[I$K8LO9@!IK*(K9IAG(V=3WO)$.9J-?LY@T0Q?/H^%&
RVUPLM4
MXE;H`CYRWE78WQ


*CQN9CE`Y



M`







MGFBJG)+6LU
)%E.*EUL$


GZD'BP2%E





M*

M/V_JXK?+P_IJ0]CLG[
D$J+L5'K6UX-^KS%L-K=#3(F)'@WU&[RY'4J[W4&C
MLRU&=WG6[F9N+(I.6MD5_IF7SU=*Y2614':CJF[HYIMHMQH]VV[8[;+W3-U+




]U+`8I@S-'9


DHS
O+-E*W98)(TP;
M%.3N42$X8WK9L%FVN]

M-F1$H=E1&\\)C








6IH1W

1PHIK$D:J
MR@#)'SK!E(JEZ1*;W+^+*DECHL5B`:P%#Y?LTXMLQV@DY$SFKH][PJ8'97'1

EK\X.?RBQ3C9
MSIK:-5I\%EBI)X;]-S/M

%A-*441X.

L+(ROG2D*+J((
T




@I9G&]&#V.W1)(7R<
8!OE
MR(ADEW%?*NP+

VBIP6%BJ\*:52J%4@IE


M='J'(:S
4?*_$QSZF3S`''1.BYF8T&/\H-$BQ$6[`O8!T_&:JLN]M*$![65'

Q&L^LUI#C\KBZ.3S6D




M2Y]TD]6H6UI*9W`%8L.NW)%^)Z9.XL769_K5/-=DQS1Y12AN'(YK=BF?DQ'
MR)FU

MB9@I'&G.=1`EF_)8(01[X*X9$W^(C@.]?S2&*-01J
!?41NI7]@-3F%(AX
MIR`Z+7W9X+Z`%$_EDG^0LO`RP,W.*.+KC%3=$K!-K\U.@@6IUS3+90C;@6


M066D`(D-S5YY$%5=P^@YBWJ?3MZQ/.?N-$
@
I&9CX#
(@:8Y/4;W
G+HF@#






%LUX
M`E@;*&-

@C=QI


['G\*9KV10$QZ96E6B(^V_W&TMA(-QSV(Q-6!7N\L@H
MXZA+(U)YFZ$IDIB]YUZKCJNW`E..4\7K`G`S`OI&6V?&2OVG


8LEF

M'2PQ@P2!OPO5\1A!8OL_E@WR2

M4=W


`ZA-5D=4I0R9BBDI'A2S*+W6UK0
M:82`W4F.;BH4LD]S9-C0*OZERL
7/J@H=\R@6CCZ9(W\/?`FRAN^]&=TZ\9
MA^#O'S

YJG_!.1)-MR!TAL)6^BAXS/
56Y+%@LRLP.O$3/'




M


U]AV_Q^!-1

JBTL]L*%/.TS#@JGL
J'38X`I9;J8();Q_



MJHG)FJIR/
#%`O3WD)@I)ZW`MX:E6]6((U8-RXR40CN=X@T#Z^/JI*C!&+%D
MTIL$9`03:2

M5)^$9`A
]7U#=E
*O:'-L\Z/D\JBP`0
16^JFO:%LVV7U)2V1HOGR;1P

VF`


MDJG?.0.AX^Z!3:3U0SEHOT'UALL4G8M#9[(
:PJ;ZF\O\[^^72-`;J2K]S(L



MG2M(O/_R]MK



@
;4'
M/W
:S9(MG,
M9MGL+Z:BOY`/,1OZ1(OY;B1RR^G<_^$U1]A25[T]Y\N/G_XZ1_-TT%79G!5





MO4/8J@-8F6(26





:V`W.^


9W.SI]:%+U]5'5.\
M((K2Z5!U-ILY



C9X+4T23*Z:H8`%KQ''%CX482\2-A/H!E2GA^B^X/\I%VK%'DBSNCD%T

L%0#3/-*Z21P`,A:;#.RI\P8S63+B-#/:A`)B!3

M.%7LW'7G
#HU5\[S?216\Z8P[Y


M9?-PJVD/B3?+MF

MBDCJ+!2=1TF$;2F1`^

4_

M@H0-0[?)-GK:[@^DLC(.0Q6N^.9D+^5$0J9U%2(-7
`V_V@0#%$R^@^R
M*WP/EN%@^IH$2T]W:IUY4=0O$_MN#&U=!9D^D
O1@XZ#%YY32EF@B07
M*W9^`,D3%#=)R$U*D2*P!KW;AB].:PK[]%.MU+EL$^E.W$=Z@6'%Y0Z72PY
OK`/+[4<6;!ZB$M3



?=
M1!0=CL$21R:/S!_BQOJD8U&L


MQ=96;3
E!1D^

P
MLB`1O!ODFD$+\

5.%`5CER*CI.\&]T\?(0H@0KNQW6Q1)4&R


MGDH@#$J5TEYA/F;??
Q;MMZ&P'Y#%?X33*TSC





)TCB4\&1X$!R0\6S\P1\O%NW)D`O;_D2BR_;[XE3MN-;JM?



'X9ZHTE\18)TP%

M8M;D1JJ9`!X6H\N6\*X$`Y*&8P0OP*H$#LP1S41@I7'6-Q\FG+8D7#5(
MMDWA

M?OO+9S2P?`V





B7K$<T`X8

MNY=C










5C

DB*W


[)?+9S]E)ZFNUX



EP7\Q4N*U8X$;GJM_M/L0Q'@9T=\O=
MW1';Z]9L0(2#7M=^HCNSR9%KMIO#^I:KE6`9S_LU.!N3H_TJQ%)U\?V5YY#9


.)L#Z;O_<RHXAA\0]YK=3C/CI7]XXAT6R,?`S%V
M\%@KVP7OZJ')Y/#6L\DQ:;?L`UK)`S=&9_!HP-;%EG*N@RI+('E-V<:D5Q@?
MY8A!5?`C'^W+A)GVW&[G=Z`RU%5H:J_C7M0&79!:XW$-C[ANGL\!]B?%L
M
.P
:UY2:BN&`:[2]


MU1J`(-(R0[6V`BS#`BZH?/_'((HP@R&)8:OP@]S&]T[HPS?1E0AI#I`3DGHL




&PG
GFJ$_Y=;QT$1P
M%I\[87@/Q/U0J'.=9)J)*ED/T?;PVW7#/^CO%?X='+M^=?@Y35W$YS-
.+[P


5/.S%S)B?*]RL.YJIJHMM:&?
M%`6S*$`FPOWEO1^[\7W55
K.21




WTH;\+DE$\33Q=[+V.P)G.L)/34E?.


W^`[N]/'%=P%9%:K_W


MF[@N8OCM?7P)?0`J.AF=J+9E:SZ^_;^6R0F%_[FQMD'`GRSS*K\[/77171



P*M
7S?HU26%++%L`WOQ


RBJ'H=6ORH4JE6+NUDT
.W<2S_#1YL^_6MCK2H38`]YS%I'X
MQ5)_I7W@RS24+^H:7]1]'*-O1%BT_M(-S*L.`0L]/E__ZFE<247S:##$CP'


MFR4@?K4A;)V?LU028F6ETK/:K4:G-VATFLW'0LUS1*K=Z/=;V-%\!TBMZ=C=

M





K6'D?C]NJH:3O31\O.EBE%WRVPD%)$H)C

!N&=$TZB=\$<DPW'&^]6I]ONY^HE59Y\_BO8\`#

MN(8

T2O=(BC%`VB^\_![%XYT9C+XC@4GM9

E/

^QYJICB+;C-=!U%L^$Y=S<A`*D
M2-'`(5_9IP`:7(T\LS42<NBM_=^:1;X&JL\60&/
Z;RNA(-08BO$`@!5BRR
M(E[0
L9.K3]G@D?`I



M2P@F'L-)8`S'R@*+:Q4P'8'!$RXIT7*=FEFOG0+C&=BDF1DB4I!V_AM!;/



M(P8!/TF


MF%O'2Z0\@K8'M&!5%




MR'/''[S`61'F_'`W\K[-79`*!\W$-*\.W'S_8^&&Q-7?.;&([+)]O3/QBO]


MZUR(CLBF([$FK:-

M1`H&WQB4OUAG:O
@0J^)\1M3Z]H53T:V\PR
9I%X^_#1PERY]W-X%C51_`













'







M(.N*1HI

M'M0*@9:E

4K5PRQ7`+851U8JM`P1ML_BS1P5Q/S3W12RXX]GE


MKAD5I\$`@`D8)0AC:Y+@F6]@NYN;`0?GTSKH;A).%``?G)C!-3Q[IS[R%J`
M?._B=-2)/$=/W;'[H+6BWJ`1`




MSAJ!'ADU(HH&?T'QL)W!;$7-YKAZY0T;'GNW(T!PC;#5N=@0WY#`(L#XC
M&PC%?Q,7WCBUOB+PBE[PM%.3:J(5C1DW6G',98.Q*$90B,DJ]BKQ06VV@A'W
M`Y(0`NL!'$BN6L`ZQ`\WHL8B!3OSJS4+[H!!A0V+V2$.1%
TP,X.#;
M6WW
?A3#3M68:6EOB.]0@`'A[C
;C$W'%]C.F*3$(SCR'+(PI]^(LZ:Q-U
MEIB2D=Q)9$`:=7W.K;W'(T@]ES5[@2
Q=[X+S0
LJ51$I]8GQW=NA'++DT03



'&BUO
IL


.9O`5_V%

T


:^PLW!A(Y'\H


MMU0M1/Z`QMAY




'_)5:J#4M$CI6X$*U'1=$RZ?



MT



MH3/_RAZ84Y++VP'.+C^[%-R)BX4)&02\DU3$`!LZ








T\FC
3!;!2G\)!E5T
49&F(K%]
'V/X,_&HP*[8(J?4Y73#*3PBC;-PN9269+[2C@R?4HL+D'2K'#5TGH
M1CJ

M3JVW8NR@&5=.&1G$L1HE(_1$82Z!U$/)9LD)/FCW]H5:MJ4T0U^@)NZ$+EG^


DM==*ZRMW0+IXY=N(!B0TU@\V17QWN#6^CLT
PFM?-!-4F.!(XR/3BU$5R[OJSZ[/



M6!D&G$Q-5VV
()E7[R!IH-H3SP9$-:8VRXVDD(NWE-1X$3`IV2N`\68P0)6Y




V6-&$?31C









#+M(0YYK7ZZ5CL3U:-HR)TJ7*P$2!


W?'^XNO'XR[XPV?NS-X%ZN9D4G=C1
N&GZ.?@NZ)*Z2$6:R
MR;O8477!S#OIXOSJS!BXH:



MQP)IQP)IQP)IQP)I.T3'P1=(RP?UU'.!9@N9BQ`E*A`I+J=G;.^KW$(M':.@







M`;5`SIZCFSUG








M?Z.N'AON5*L%VE6G%)W1/-M#50:KK1:HM\/-H3H/J
X7%7B]0!2306LK1/5Z

#.1C
Q


WO.@.OLLM]=0KB











$;%XX!_$7272765#7B5MF3O'GV!I@/-)PC4_:(DD:V+3CQ\B



M$9!.M=12NGG:;'?E
AZ$:






M_41T'(
WUEDTAQ6#-][[%)IS


##8Q=R

M]@L*$?@Z$Z%PIK$(*U[M]80O,``KO9WL`

M9V:;=]





;.3;QX$5P9CNU!T[?(.FF
?D


#2E*?6G[/`$Q&LTYH`
MTD-WE


&]P/(DS&20/

L@OO/!.!7V-1G6RU5?684(V_SQ4T`7(=.O`.?[@P0
M7NX!^2T
`-V<N*D)MW3D

AG:CVR(NOK0N&*_/ZQHN+2N(
MU



C!GVN


D.=NU=`'P4N-&?*@JGAGVU
M!P5]P1Z8-@

'9M@*KZK8.6YUN


$

L?H
4G5<581IH821PY0]:CX5!RJGU$R/3T$(/I]A
M51!


%)



M^E;OD3%_*$J=

M\#]A




XG:
MVT.UGW56W;$3$*5ZC[K0][XSCFE`;








;N_Y:KV57`S(D]D$IY2EKA;64C&GWNNW!5KNQCX;
1+0%C'BHK*U=6VHG:GU:QM0;(-

`Y2*4.X2
MPW9[T'X`2JY-Z;@^WC67/E8_O)PRN]T[/?3[*0





M7Q;IKKHZSPOOS5OX*@@?-


`*H5SONG8VDJ
(
.O_=SUW4$G)?<\!)7!J_TT=J464`H\N&\GAI]O'_@;Y-7


M/1QD^[*5`ZV^!=7.H7*7=Z7EL


M3-WQ?A2X$Q12A[V
E)J%8@

M&`U=S


MCOS!J!J[EDRT5L_8HJ)9Z@*C1@8'(E^[WZD?ZETPN59[V-XKI!M08F]H]!7?

.RDU2



[OM`A=?^PN'(_`

U-`I\.`_F'?&IBY\5[_1L&9.




*%VI##B&(X
M'4!_(AJ'[@B[D0DON&MDCQ.^!W09N3\L(,QX%J5MP[C#&/9&PRHCQ=`'*/_



M-GCB3EUX$EE+LEAX-`)\G@*I6;$[Y]9Q\.\;14`]`UK_$S$P#`3`A#.W


;S&)W0(0


]&9&K2;%!GE

A@P5RMX%1Q-Y)S[[


3ZS81V7


MCAL0G196YEZEB2Z7SQC%%WX4APFNX8
S%JL#=#JHL;9:VN.GEJ
T$-`_6.?^
M2X[^5PZ





1JLD[T^N[\Z3N0:[_32@=GYDH#X@9/]+S-PQ


_^7HGO%OQB6PF2S?/.\91024K6V'K(?#6I7%\<F(T`[CH-%


M`:6)Y^+*2\IXF;O=5L;UM]6RML+1OX43?KTK0P9/`35R-=MC9`;R_4'A9&4*
M5/GU9/C'^+FP+F28&OJ@?NDSL.@^O86&@3XX/\29M5Y4*E/3J).V!$YU

I\9JT^X
Z#TSYX-#
M0VM?:'BPR5K@4^-'6
EU@GWVX-Q0^M`HWHCLBS-0*\U6&XBEHA]5GNE&(
JL
MJSAQO$
2WD^:I]V!S@E;!]T#26RI$:N6J[%O&_'5ZV8#L/[OWWZ
0L_]!?\+
9!]\!M[GVY[]@T08KV39?U)*CP\?^^B4IJ5L2
MKZ):$MG8G0^91

](_^3G]Z35




E0J)6*T&/*$KQ



@
KE!(3$A
[)NZV@'K(G%(_\)YSYX3DB#LG5?8@?
MI.@PT\#UA-REW&&TMNX1CY@%BJ!^N):O%C@C*T&;!%E5I)L60#H`4![0K+D




'0!8+W



MDX\B0W^

A^'@Z_!/:#F'I
/_10'!/`8AWF&GQ'1#AKRO4;)]-%/T/BL-4/(



%9
\BS/5
!&
MG0P?$N*X7+'P+IJAY.05I[0M!4G\(


;H%1$G4L-T;1`_MA
M`!YU&7=X]IA.@PY=#1UNY%=7O@U0GGV.



MQ.P.F;-O!


M=LY68R[_(U!6Z_4Z&&GFD4%H#T
L<<OA:GZ7KHXK@(+I;8!Q
M%ZF]M=/9H8@W'R@T1FPO-HP

HX_A<!=?

W'U'S.OU5)5F?H;\2`R@76;`63RYYEN8@H<X[]UPEZ\O&LC!!H+8D




M)JX/+H@+Q@+G)


/`K]-
5SC&9:
1IU`I/I1Q=DVH$YS@FX;D9@

M[.3$(L;CS$5JUMM:6@UR`+9ESJJ3O(H=KU6BMG:/N8M$7(:7)CM$V-C^S%`4



Z
MG;P&.$74

W$KFR8YEPG\5SE*#8:V9\I`IQU




I;2


ML'D)RP**8OP_PI


$`^Z6!.UC$28;_QZ^7J!2649(#V5\0UA8=@G.
M9)1FQ(

MD@F.?(5O2[_D87./3?!+)?X&%M00*8XJ`@@Z1X+*GX_UG$UW54QD$`T/;K
M//0@6CB;-D#&M4=P383;`(-)]9?-DJJ`
1L@SF:17!.)MB%A0OUULX0J9L\&
MR+6LBPKRDF#0

MT$`).QT_

M&E4(MQV4

VU33-LICOPH6
^T


BH
[



M]#UQG`9AG.8)HO]8#2




5=ZT:-0(G6G571P:[_<J1[)5BX=/Q7:G-0=_]&093W`U7X<HN[P!L<!6VA
C^-(?9$MNB?6F2./03W%``(]QF--ZR42O
MZ*7A:Y1
'_T$*64P6(B\)0.&(^NBPI*I/\73(XAZ#-/-X'R)XZ6?%.6IQ8SE
M7*7^O.X2`6^)P;#^EOP\`L8)WO52GD^

M/M84/.(()6\&Y*A@[/LV


M@-EW@#K)#\2

JE0

MHAR=5N=DV9'/GN)7^_Y)ITE2)\T]OE/5H`DJ!K9
!6/_2E4W&6G9
+P5^QT]
MXB!$4N[31JTV]J\SF5LH(9G.S8O3/(EP1OQG0M
I?J5_TTT+!8C]JGB=9H66

M?

?R$_4
MR1:Z]&



MAP34+=NAI

MU%ABM





M;3.Q`Y+@^K)H]'E18E9A`KBSZ`XF0!%:7V)2_NC]&]RIT-4'=R!S3MH,!RU
M;H]I/_9-A:%XVQ?0.O'-.2\72`8DPMZA*_N^\A*L`%Q=C@E@$A[I\[LQ]K'



M]U





M%+X./3FB

2MD;TBS_L!C+*P?SBM&H

MW?(UX_0&!0@_TQ?/B?IJ[Y:JH2R?%8(%`Z%]^!UD[0UBL:-:Q#.;C2R?ONE9

Y^P@`Z73_#[%


MA/=8CM5U$C_C%+



M&QD!L








`1\FO
MY\

MU[N]V[W/7]]]^?KAK2'6!5IO,#ZYOGSFS=OW[#_9.1_8/HVU?^7P\HQAY3
A))N2$%_CL<?_EPW)Q5=G
M?+`\L''QN%LE_]UERDS93\G^]'H.$JY(5KELX$6L:!Z&Y*\?C'5ZS5PTXQ

,2G;#F=X3,2:\6Y;G_.
MV3G^+66#S!QNM7T+TCU$\?0D)$]6(JP1.0)VA&.?!G.NG!4]W:2S&:(OE^.;
M8!(%8S;DV)SU?9*R21M-KD@8^`'6\NJ?T?LG@5

MEA



M
U_]BGMCUHP+*4&+AJT9

&:
C:-&C


QE\N)G

9[6IH0-I:GJTDW/H?#76U6:^ML68?&33MH<VTX@[;UT=\XQA53CE<
MCN_B9;K4#'./M`-PXO2_G)FI@W&[3_4N0`61QM:YM_L.VVR;SM-K3IIJ7#0



UAZ4!7D5
_LYB`*^.I^Q_UO!C9\3MF;A

^_D3?:?/6_'*ZC*_T31R


1
M/F7_7&@L1`\X%-^^SQLWM=T%`%U43QK`SMNM0EZ.DWU:@





GW^*_Z7T
6_Y-6_YN=8D87+78(7)SZM

*L#-4H!+XO:2,JH+RM8]U:Q



MYBX8









`Y


M[]]OCPJ4/

M(1H0PSLVJ\UAV^5*'J'EM@J
=U$\QWXP#O!(9]
I2'J^6[-1X
04/%#CVZ6&


M[\6ND_M//64/M-.&;
223&6?^KX$L'1



W@RU3PT:T*
M]OTD1:&E`M1$P
5O`EX:H7`K_%L430+F@E_@Y!^$)M-B9$C$+FL.7.!JV#)1


APN&0Z7P-


ANB+D







.!X=%E
MQ-9SPOY@H$%=%]NC


)<3'$2^AL#H=\<!$.\7ZH?&D(CPSAD2$\
H1'ML0%



R5;\7?Q.47E_X-L\7Y&X[N?LYOG1%AG17'OFR]

\N-V_?3URK&Q


?BF&
`0`1@B`-OI90X1`+BZ&2(`0P1@B`!`F
6M%4HT#71([H0%



J/K!KL_VOOWR;
L21
-)ES&AWA*))Z`






/P`/
0.?@=10[*$^J6HBA&/A=U?/!2_HLZ


MT1OXQ)WZ1H=H'B0H/






MHN

MARGT['X
9'U^EV.@Q!I


$KT)0'
MF?H^]E700V:S0`1(8@:6+1M)P+:!R`]PO:BGJ)&YX\;\
?

]34];VLU/4L

MX712U&


UP[F8X
M=[



*NM$GQ[O
M=*BK&])$0YIH2!

9B^
D


M10);!UKDKB/
!M-B#068DL-6AA47'45YESA^06&*;XGEA&BD@JT&$_`=16N;




GD+;OZVR+=B804_#2A:WG!T_Y
M8LU-5_8)
SV55WDY85_G8DP59L&%=
.*<U!X:')MKM$9



*F%L--34/`]+L/FZP+[:7?;Z\B'Q'/BG4$53C#F'
M5WE`


S4
L!!B-]F=L



#\EL

O#U-*
%*5H%7)M9^\_]\+L:))V<1HMM
M/UX8`VR.,AZ(+WYE5L+?1/=+ZQY2E4W*&_4+5SU.N-.-A@^.39N\^H%31V'
ML`


`I8O:%F9E9(*KB)
P4O%


0%(-:A

T9_(F04WS#S6E[N66\(5YX*

@4XCC1EU[7QH[-+5U
B]*:F


M?3FD%(&@Y\?/0G)DTTX_/&0S^54]\=DA@M`5]2&`,8PA@3$D
#H5ZY#`




_]FGS%#Z0N#_PL*4T5P6TT'5V7F

M!1W

F
M^K/I<\LT;,W:-LQ0,Z;0L_LQD/7Y78Z!$FO2#50?+\Y_Y__U@&+,?OE_4$L#
M!!0````(`%B?T380
#@%&L``-CQ!0`5`!P`;65N8BTR
#$S
3(S
5]L86(N

D-Y(G^O\SV^^`
MIWFS+9FQ))74



M=Y?718Q[6W_[V_L_?O?U^W_]P]?OOW[_W=_^\Z%(Z?\]OKW\VT?VW9AD.3HN


MV^^^I?^O4?^WE&2??V#_YR$J

:NCY^Z_SXO$;JO;^F__\

2LRO?=__.












M

*)Q+B\)&M2X433_<RPXJ]CFEW$;9?E
M;`(&WV;C%KJYX[M#


M)IF@SS4F-=#A&I
H%9Q`1FA3MFP%$9

!;9)I5L#X\


P$(&3?^!
Y46U:GOC[!X7!:&:K]<;



N!H
86FQ3

3!G3BKG

M7
'?*0.^FO4SJ5;GM/PWF%9!5D6/^'IY4Y`UODGK\B*K


M^&7$*.Y?

MA&NQ1GDE;)7!\-

M-!K\[G6J-(4UFAUU/X+Q_Q21
'9AOP.+`Y)4.(:HH-'P&R.
T

MC+8)B6!%EX\D

J3Y.+


M

MV

M%5P!M1H'S]%2/^1%0C*VW7Z29T^XJ
A#BNV.3#LH^TN4X%J@;:X$6TT8['*%

M

&G)`
[0Z=


MPK$X6[Y8*@+AD1M:@5]

8T#[Q\(-ECDLN/P:O%
M_
U4UW
Q91!LJ+X`9\!^Q8]G3#O!V[Z&Z7CT2\WBR7@!O=*A_\'CQP:$`)


ARCAD8I-L)N[#.SHRA
MUAKJS*'.'NH


;_4Q&@E-O5^26D:^Q=LBXYT#@
MW:D+EK0[TO4M$G5?%)W)S4/.P^:E?OX.RB3=#%&5!9J)'CPR-$?^C

+^
MVKL)\+9IJR2A


*I8=CFMH5O/Z)YC_G/-O8)5FS/YM6]`QJGE?XK`HQ6?'3
MZL#H.R!BSBFJA71:TN:I4/S:W+/
K.J9?^C$F&/^/LTX?VP_RUF\DS'L/7







FNA$_S$-2O1/OS8%N
6/A.'.JBLZN)^462WF



(6AP:`8K/^
T_9#ES]D=G=WD






J#`0`$4%$I:!!(XBX9





2MWVLHGP*69^\T
(=



M#KS@HN5!`JHO0_1\18^A^3M2Q(]D)14[#&;+.$'.U9YFNB9$.DZM4P$K%7



$I4R%';^(N1(
YG0;(3?1*]L$
:P:*H1#
L$@N#(E(6H02
M+C%Y&H^`]6(\4VW;'&YQ&E4XN8D*7J`T*DNR)#C1$\S)@D_*S2C:D(0.ZF!H


MIQ2B83PFD_0Z'%-#'8W&1#$P5%-CFT.IHV9I$TA0/&F2AEVRG&'7#REYY)G'

RZX6@_?



3\KJ3)



+@GCINM!]BA9RQV
Q58
UTE/OF$%^XDQ70=QSS3
9ODXA-/'&
MP$VD:Z1!$VX$T9ULS1(@7**IGUNQU@I-.<6#*Y8JH,EG?G+%S$!P*\^#=7CC
M$XA&VC/0S]VDPJH9<.G?T6#@&68[7M!J!V&0S4M.(0V26Y1AMS^@PS*A
M6-HQF5(Z*+G4HS&%*%Q2:<=A4D)!&GHY/'-GIQ*45H81%^@'[AQ`6K$,W/J

C$VD_(Z6I1#'`^21)AH(L<E

3$FA#/@Q^AA4H1&!3
G`)M.$B
M

LX(YI5FO!(-=/^*
TC[E)5B3
'
M5OT@K.&3I[\O'`.M`OL2[&]-V0J[U`R&E$J%+:;



Y




M/7M@45'NJ9#?+-0R@.

U$
)
&21PA+?Q.FO\7
Q*'?X.UB7)
-\6\M4R(%@
M$'8(0*4


MJ$'_
P9R:
=V.!%XP&`U)`C;Z=L2Q;*';UG2)?P)U$@=MS+]-DU=3)3C
BX


MZ&38Z&@%#(EG0Q?&#(N[/Z/SR^N?[]#Y[?5'='US=KNXO[CZ$2U.[B]^NKB_





G)WJP:2D':\]
ODXTF&##(*?].8.=#RI`/4&RV\D16DUG''+
MSBI;[4#IB^;\)7[.!E-02`SA8%M:UQ@J8F#P;NNE`U
753V=W
`]$T4%0

CZSK/:&=-TN!KSNBSL7;+1+;JT-+?&R

8XX7E+)5G
;3CM8L'S80_7


K#4$@
H6!;6@M
8*F'`\&[IIC'Q^





T!K


M8
80

M*8I7VBW\%*6U@_LFBC!3_+I!%S9N6!
M5WD0LVL5-K[SF.JPWFQ2?I@H2KO
;F\NSCV=7]XO;OZ)^0QA=7)U?WWY<W%]<7\%EY46VS(MUDPC)G9A2


R)+$[-J)4.I[_%(=



8I+*JT&VJJ`&SY*BF4:
M'NI5`M-


M*EJ5X#'
#:=XQ+JY/
[5T$`/W!B*CPG9O9MM

MVDX7#$



M

MP?/5/FRV%MZ)U`75U)^9KW)^K^HHI(9O%6A4''*R=MX(]8J%.`PSL+E`+3
MF`[OFD=:X+D?-J5C57?AAHE]&EC:K?


M'%YB=F`0DIW4




MXM^`/)^M.HA@4O)TC
=JT]^0L=7TUOFY

AJ;`_K@H6YO&]XE


M0^/\Z
D0#8Q62\-*7C0/-[B+H=&W&193OZ[+OF!ZT&%**K9W8S??&+SCG.



PSL'XC]YWF!R6/FM'QAUO'&

LZ








MX[N60'5NJ#.(!B9@\/Y3B:^79V5%UE&%52L:4R&?#)4#'-)N+`&&2U)8PL7O





MO6+P:#`'K:XK&G/-%!M]#\?HZHN'O!\GHY;&..?9*MF3#]E%LAY7V7G8W@
M#-X1N([
6T-=EX?N;;J\$+0^KRE6_)%D9%VO+W%4XIOHE2^HGN?%2;0A593R




MP*8R![^VB729%5E[:PVCP9L;4)K`--CY8,7K(]?VQ_M&XCM3`-8%:1Y0W`


M=556%#R=I/$+3S)7.AF`
['9#?[4TYT5%#5F4)ROUWF&2FX&Y5L[


MYK.A[%ADX[S+;`I
P]@-O_A:3DOR#1W89!7+SCB:@L%@_+17;(MK.5WHI4-.
MO2:0=9.O5A0


M]9`71?[
#-<L0`K]
MY$%+]VH!@W'2^[^)`#.[;3'3M_I0.'3]3S1161C#_H7O)W;\LV=:&BUNS5







M9O/N)&_6?V[9^$%65K..-Q;9PN^99%*`P29+E
(#R$R\W72@4]/VCA
?!_)'





M8Z:HU?P7)3W'%!7422R9BL%@AQ:;L)C5)!2O!(H$NC#-D@DL
IZ@@-T$?XI2



M=WP55R((AF4Z=%-B41'4RP`C#0NZ%QFG?FEDS40X&VD@*6\&4G(XX




;G8+/\&`&/N2/6AI
*EH
M(
U/7H^!#L,CG?2OX.)&P,P4W^SGXXE3%LE:?6_8U.P2L%C
!'Q%!*PZ&+


?L'N[P_

M0R

M&BQ225\.+DB?%M%S=IV=I80?J]\F?C6FFK:U$B05M5L1I:FJ[4P$Y^5NN/6I


)0.SD5KB
)B89L8Y*TD

94.%-&Y4^&'K.`*TD;)_]H:**'K(
MV5LY!5ECE&+^Q`[_P4=G?G%\?7N3UN6P)


ZY2-6*F



M65G]1QVE9$EP(O8@IG&WJ[4@LYYY199.A]Q
P6#ISOCU$ZA-;Q)%C47T6V=2


/P)-WY34&R


M5OD.MML








2M#S]HGWKK:GEIJVE5_H!E(9Y1G

M&S;_+/ES&R3&[ZTJ4ZL?
MAVJF%PRU'*TV?/'4HRCAEI5$-#$?ML4I2B!8UG1H6^O.LZJ(
MXJJ.TNVZ=^(M;P0Y6+`\R*$8\$FZQ*6VN`6+5V1O\5#?+(RNM0'`I:LP[8

_


9\/?Y45PD7;&R7<B]1SQ5X5!HF<\4[9

HY`VMQ17O7JGK-42=;\9G;S6WD
/N


W0FVY%!RDXZC.RT?9?PM8GY2
M.271`WL8BAQD3F?@[/9Q95JX[6O
3I2UM^&=L:[%$PAK:P`67QU1*^FZ?26;
M
W;[M#;
N+P2MKU\\9+LH5V6SO!QZ_LEL$[(1MGM+O/S8BBIYJ!WL^

C<A^H9S^)RM4IWN0E$1)D27[WUB/+
M8/6][?#'X`Y6(1(3$98KE+0R,**`V/]K1W'V:CZC@VTAAI'I!.<5(Y`;49D

P'

[2!NZ$!DY)N@
M?



'
2.A
M[-1@\

M$L6LR5K;ZX%EMR*-#C+;J0:G[3R\D@3;C38JF?H1BOG*26?E:)O6#%&&DRKE

=S8BZRY))^R96%)MT`7+0KCH21





M#+JUC4:XO8SRH(&S%0`MQE1$BS:A


MO\JS!=US)/\Z^\(.ED`P'5=T2SX+5.'SFD-9LD3?5O1O24J.2A7FQGD17:6
M13%M@[,&\RH;`/BJ+YX%8^4&H'-6BUJ]B,`B;E26]9J_.O(VB-LMG%!15GB
MBI\XX!*+-


'-<#7,&LP.],9#P<:F@ME.

MLAOD








74\Z`[3X$L*&

SDG
MG1E4MG9@3`A8EDQ%&VQ^\IKY;`!FE-^



M
FB#&X+#GZ'X7@U-?':U%X(1:?E!U&8B
&F$U[+!+T^A*8$.GH&39`$Z&5
MT*1G@U'

P<EC@TX^



-VJ$(G1R)\
M94G-BGYY9EN0


M*$3/%`N=X*'!$:B05+G1/$+K3O&(]R(%U]W;ZXX*9OV(
Y9AA=T%3M8D(W1(


M:DSR(^G-4VR'N\WT1


H:(LZUE2\Z3#T@F'
M@Y[/8:5U


L4VFC%MM@88PY-$I8[:QA?FP01QE[/2LW?N6'[


M?/H`HR?A9\TSG)Q%!8LWY6+#]E
*EO\X4307O8K?.T!F\.-[06KYX!QS`#FE

E


WYB0[GIQND7L4LLML/1*T
)/S4E'


NA7YCD


X$Z&^B7QDH0C[:[LX/7FR\'!Y@4WK11@N5)!\06#UPC








MIVS4H/G









\X^?;@D:U+A


]@*GU712_<Z-7IH

M!CKU!-

;T
.+SX/[T(H^:W^F@;%AW^42.$
_T*P3R59*FX0$XK7Q

JQ%XSH







MT9']*N)6699]
8C[^$&'J&H.5
0%P]$==Q#=IA$&YBXS4L%-O0H;MI!6B?ZC





MG_/B\S(O#.XUZ
+UKAUP_;M9C;0NC'-\5:

M!


?2N

XW

M7W9C)9:X1*\`S3=6:$4GM8_0+?F+97&SG!IW#Y;Q\\A!)IVW^6N4'D?9Y^OE


_
R#)5*^3@UKX(



N:93`'3!?Q+2P-3_@V))%
M\[::3AB:BXQ(10?U*BAI=-CIS[+7\^V?NGSW&$6;7_O




!N%'JJFI?!+
$$.#_6
M8]=*;YN'!G_
\Z2\PM+`+Y
#Y`PM/*'I\*NTK?01XO)'B&H$\@'?2K@I\B61
M5OW@9T`U+D




A




M&^TKN(;+


M[(GWYCSSFB9QG9
BI

M0@'H&^63$A:^LM4%Y#MGR*J71(_:!S*BX0
9`/W;;\-9M3VY+#_&2$JM@[Y
MGA$8Y_NNV?-IXR.HH8K3O)[]`9Y*,26YA31QGTH(5'P4=V&H:DB50QP`8


B);GC%I?'!-A:=



#6)N$WPSE\5&._!_;V9-TD`

C+5M?WR5*^=Z<H1WO7$F\O

UV4H?AS%N:I
M2UV





`KJR2``)DB@D
MY9H/
STE))B9/SPR$XG$7_[ORR*:/)

3<TJBZ4^3TS@\


_OH-



M


M_6+6HI%T
&

=B6).RTA^`%LB4UF@ZV]L_%(+;P-=04
M`['TF24DS1(:\L%[3;*C-`5X&EJBH725/Z;D]YP+?R8L!+.MJ6B/Q



S.ER,.QIN&Q+EEV8%##;U;*Q/&
M*XC8O6$'9!;:@6LC#\8ND'QXPP6Z_@(G!DQ
+Y
=X-&AB'`%(DV^F!/]/










M

JJHRAX


M@O`])A!

C\@`D9D!;\P?-K



5T'B=:QV&K(1)3_B0:)78'PW^6-$P_
H#MJ\_C77M69@



M]%J?.`I)AE_!^J)1VNI04!K-O874]1IN@T$A*@XTQ&&N3(=)GT16W7





GI=[:VA6#GSO@#*WD9'+34.7%:!J]O@542MS/ZPHCT4&V=.E#4V



[!P`'4@`
OA04&6D3-I%#L=N&T
MPQ=0J$IP(%@=93#?#H[++CQP
YM@KXA0Q1D=EHD%N(W,M\*B%V.Z08XF/NX
MT^Q\1C.8Z[70TVR;`A.;NU,10I9VF^UMAH9,8!2N5&GRE=OM$2H?#$VU+


M]H`CY

MLO(1JQ2^[^P.AEM3#1C!*FK!'.794YS0?VY681-D33K?]W@'`TZE$KSPR:)\


M+_D
KQ1\K!DW1U24!#XCV4%$TCOR3%A.?H[C:?IS4@&P)2JD:.\[5&(`8SN:



ME-\BW]CGS?K1^K)B&Z1BDYK$MWML!Z=1=ARSZBI(OA#!)M]

MDXG.MW=L5G]L)0\FS'XFC`L724X7E



MHNB&


M[6`$F-2(*_U^JP9#+;W^^V9Z_508LU-5HOV_3LKN4%0HZ%;6#43NM5!


;5BI$*BP
M7PW'84A&$KGXZ96)..7B@$D':R
6+3+DGEMHQ/K['.VVF\C3^(KMS9&A

KWL



MQ=



G'D4`6=
P:BBF


M-Z`JM(0#5WCT=HAC*`0E^WIC;*^QL5=X4$@LS



[P`;WBLL
\5I!Z+PWG



MCZ.J!6*KH;[`



[M-$)AJG1=K^W-A4^;4^%*H5/


MF:#5EYTD^&@M:Q=;69\U
\
_D/9QZ3H9$A/




(QU\;XL+6K=BFD:RT


M)[4.?%[%K%CV%9;
L]5
Z?6&:3MS5K/3JA//4Q.*8^

$Q%OFR$O+--
M%E41Y+RCZ9?VR=C(IJCW4.RFLH^)[
3CR.6?%Q)]YOPEXG%L6#4B`YG7O;*B

M/7
YU(Z/\35<@T;&'J.LW!AHG78?&LD:!<6D($%PT\
N24I#


MHS:?&ND75=H))YZ4U`
&PEO9
\3I#31#QNFKGRJ^`QO^VVQJ:'TFJH.T7PW:

M!`0
^(_KY+BT(MB\UF9[+A^G<+!-99`3P[ZVXH-3I^3Q.
M/=I;UQ


M8H\GJ`73!(Y9O$Y)L=A/5110I/$HDS2CW]6WA%N,N2$&W7QG%&KL.`%(HX
MGE@26!^.W




1KE2=YFG$;)@$8=,!%!8$`1);T9R
M=$HBR@W`UY

[2



$%Y3;Y6Q$QBQO\9DLIJ

5G]Y=P%!'/\(E
\ZAB
M@D^Y03[+HTLZ(R(!67'8+[5JC(T.U/FX+O$


MN3$P33V







-$K3RGH9N:C9K

$S&-_6ZQF9`B43'

M


EJPY]
MEZSM


^



MLR5&M90R!A3X.D(N^#\UA4#:VN)`HWTLJ1HL%\M_H0QR?_X]8%_^^B%:F`!
M$8\()Y`\%;L/(VZT=-X$5#M(S

MXI$D:MBVV_D^K;$8@UO8M$N
PPFYKC4C0UL]$$C9;(]P%*=YP`NL`!VJ_D

H2G,0)&WT1_S(BHZ/Q_1)6=Y3,FL!
MV%W`Y@9CK]($AVD`



MS/=FW3(^MC?E-KEP+-7P0M(Y?5FOO,*`IODPN'RI5[TR82VL$1K!+[GA'J


%9/*;*C)U<VB[;(WL_EE3?^
M?\J:@=NCY&@AY%%DJW7KH@1@AKGW67$-:O1-KR020N5



(I\9NR::-5])


FC:.LNJ1UTQ.Q4WU6






)-GBL
M]#'^RB)W(HN
;:H'(5AOLBELWU*9I3;Y[K(C9D6KRSVWY@X.&:L$?]4X$Z

Y5==@;SOWC<?15X3;M6X



G88M_VOG=F;;@X


M+
EE3K8


7T0H
CG@I#P8EQE<H#J;5U@NW+





7QS=UME*=57B#+8CN=[SR9#NN@3@%XY]710CRY4WGGVS)TU23WG3'3

MEFY$4`&GBW9\C@F%P=(N1F$&*\W)XI4M
^$(RMI`1=F9U7B;D&51#^1F=C0/

)-?YWM`
PRA%X4Z5N]A$JF-XSO&#'_`P`^
9J@^K,Q.^@'8QL[&XB^]MZ



M5IV

M]UY*N:EXMZ?6_CQ.[O



?6XJ3KH!F%Q&-WW).26TU1LD9KMI-K(M_+!YG&+:#AT
MKCVW[YB_



`-G8T*<E&G;AC$*SWY


M-W!L.7M9V]78@FKU+:U7%?U9N9=M=

@)J8X`(`5B
Q.<R5:
M93`D2AAH,!S.CR]+`@3$/D4V6$[XA2)_0T'!*D-^QL..[OA<)\_\HXI$\OG


$Y33




@%HPHEFM<79*TCA2Z%H*))*<M^.R``EWUK4@0/!

MS\)2/^/FO6@K2
0I8!Y$1_.$$/
5E@^-*RP;'B8!FTYJ7+1?8UG?3LD%+Y
5
M
Y
*-Y










3

MWL2W&P

1:09(C/&BDM1

M=G(?EX9_BY


M@63'X:FT\7J1IKDM1BL:WYYC9X#J0F
$3Y$@:JJ%LA(Z'FS`ZT

MB4&KM7EY^:C@V1IP(Z'O
M$9PS^\MS&5SS(#+&2BZJ%+!F9

'0EC)MZRE0-1
4F.5C:EL$IRSM)K;2`!Q!_F
^.S



+V/
M+Y`TI%;QIF8\D


NAEBO
M5@XGUI-/'QIT^^Z'CUKG%]>MNS?EJ8Z[7I?]K-M7Z_)=]PEQM:[U
8H\_F%7+YP3A6UU$=(1HPEL&H*'RH`YRJ4/DJS2%08X3-IWY
M/E8`%Q7KH:K185T;PX


)9/X?77*3.#;*0.@]


M=7/O


?KX`5\;X<P)NUZ]R'X6_YS0AMTG


6<)M?+MREE(2?CN/G]]-2T`
MX/_8UCO_Z;=+
@^B
Y:I+R/R5HU&8]!T&]]#NC)0#1??5SHIO$F]A6?=MJFM

?TQLU8




MO^]]&;/Y`TD6I^0QDP^B+*E8*TF0DIO'B
Z+


M

L4S*C8:MO






MB/`M




M;Q(:(S2KB%W7$8IZ/26)*%0[YR(W^Y$M
59721+Z#@V?4YFMA.?\6-=P`$
M+\
/@%6?^*]R#!DA]!?^1?Q7X]!2O@O_Q]02P,$%`````@`6()_16](V:V
M%0``3?
``!$`'`!M96YB+3(P
3
Q
C


7=.V&SNXQ!#1?RE0^?'

MN:$?HJ
_#@;N$

MV2^SJU\_'
6?_!2X4SQ##E@-#3[O*)IX/MAE?-('\@;]WZXNAQ)N)P8\?/$)

M2J.9F5TOY/UP

M







M7_3;X13C
W($^7X$1)K\9BU^=/


&\Y
M@]XO356
$XL$'L!B+X2=))&VL


MR_W'LMP3-([$XRB(NBGR:Q;BX)XIEIQ-.





BUK.JJ0K
M:^TUP)T0^:PXW(WY@E5T=L`[-+78N**=&+'-?#:_$1/G.'S(A_?C




36YT9%@$4'ZZ4%H:)VM!6;?UHV-&1+QD4
M'71A




MCY@F5FD+OL*A1$GXO1;R7V?
SZ
7!=C

)A\O
BI
W
MJ[GQIJ/M5-RZ_TCQVN<1=`)\!93,HIF$NT4+N6$%^J3:/TN=/HWQ&^UB'<-

M/Z96_4`]S

M'CN:-+`K6K]3Q;X7=SN







MK=)RX_S&]WRHJU10#PB3DCRH_&8^`3Z!S`P1[3DQIHUV3B'-Q0_4'T8PCD
M
9?'/H_DP(

M]G1^(\^-_DKZ3F+^U

S?.M'P04-L4B]BYUJ5;.D%;&T40[W
M4X[Q+2

M\XD]H-+_6\1)X!%Y:KW$D@5@X]27TI
_


MF$=
'[XF)





M[B65;4$J#6


MXQIP;6#GEN
Y(EYRL520KO7'_:VM89MVL#FV8M+@OBVBPJFK!!M8%.D(V0
Q!*8-;-1\]5N$6F%A7[Z@7#?-=6%K
MEVC*S_XL8WXI?!O8BV\L$N]/BTW5D;QC'/Z0KU-C+[W*+'U
^V@F7B-.65VQ

HLV#.+%VDT'/K$H41BO%H!&48#3
M58.BNMA-BSX=-%56:S+UF/%9_,C0$OAEG(2GS,MF;R'7?J_CIV

B5U&6







Y?
MO)'9S
*Y(/IQJT:&V.H8*+1&-WF



MU8]B5-2UE!.9B77C2^?T-&!E;4NYD39D
*NVVU
IUJ_*`;0YO@52Q3UKRNML



M=HC8N2J7I]6U-I60;E
IJ\=0WE9U?$&$BM33C5Q-+F_^KJQMK4H@NGXB`;0Z



MWS



M@G]$Z18M\_0D``#R9P(`%0`8```````!````I(&Y^```;65N8BTR
#$S
3(S
M

M6()_1-A`P.`4:P``V/$%`!4`&````````0```*2!_!T!`&UE;F(M
C`Q
S$R
M

M`%B?T3EA?JQ-D$```9C!``5`!@```````$```D@5^)`0!M96YB+3(P
3
Q
M
C

#$S
M
3(S


`
end











    
  
      

Unrestricted Net Assets - Condensed Statement of Cash Flows of US Operations (Details) (Mendocino
 MBC And Releta Company [Member]
 USD $)

        

      














        
        


        

800

700


        

000)

086
600)


        
        

000


        

000)

081
600)


        

500)

400


        

700

700


        

100)

800)


        

100)

400)


        

300)

000)


        

300)

900


Cash
 beginning of period

200

200


Cash
 end of period

700

200




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 plant and equipment (capital expenditures)
 software
 and other intangible assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















/**
 * Rivet Software Inc.
 *
 * @copyright Copyright (c) 2006-2011 Rivet Software
 Inc. All rights reserved.
 * Version 2.4.0.3
 *
 */
var Show = {};
Show.LastAR = null
Show.hideAR = function(){
	Show.LastAR.style.display = 'none';
};
Show.showAR = function ( link
 id
 win ){
	if( Show.LastAR ){
		Show.hideAR();
	}
	var ref = link;
	do {
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	} while (ref && ref.nodeName != 'TABLE');
	if (!ref || ref.nodeName != 'TABLE') {
		var tmp = win ?
			win.document.getElementById(id) :
			document.getElementById(id);
		if( tmp ){
			ref = tmp.cloneNode(true);
			ref.id = '';
			link.parentNode.appendChild(ref);
		}
	}
	if( ref ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		Show.LastAR = ref;
	}
};
Show.toggleNext = function( link ){
	var ref = link;
	do{
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	}while( ref.nodeName != 'DIV' );
	if( ref.style &&
		ref.style.display &&
		ref.style.display == 'none' ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}
	}else{
		ref.style.display = 'none';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}
	}
};











    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

Description of Operations and Summary of Significant Accounting
Policies




 Inc.
 was formed
in 1983 in California
 and has two operating subsidiaries: Releta Brewing Company
 LLC
 (&#147;Releta&#148;)
 and United Breweries
International (UK) Limited (&#147;UBIUK&#148;). In the United States (&#147;US&#148;)
 MBC and its subsidiary
 Releta
 operate
two breweries that produce beer for the specialty &#147;craft&#148; segment of the beer market. The breweries are located in
Ukiah
 California and Saratoga Springs
 New York. The majority of sales for Mendocino Brewing Company in the US are in California.
The Company brews several brands
 of which Red Tail Ale is the flagship brand. In addition
 the Company performs contract brewing
for several other brands
 and MBC holds the license to distribute Kingfisher Premium Lager Beer in the US and Canada. Generally
product shipments are made directly from the breweries to the wholesalers or distributors in accordance with state and local laws.
In these notes
 the term &#147;the Company&#148; and its variants and the terms &#147;we
&#148; &#147;us
&#148; and &#147;our&#148;
and their variants are generally used to refer to Mendocino Brewing Company
 Inc. together with its subsidiaries
 while the term
&#147;MBC&#148; is used to refer to Mendocino Brewing Company
 Inc. as an individual entity.


subsidiary
 UBIUK
 is a holding company for Kingfisher Beer Europe Limited (&#147;KBEL&#148;). KBEL is a distributor of Kingfisher
Premium Lager Beer
 in the United Kingdom and Europe. The distributorship is located in Maidstone
 Kent in the UK.




to the balance sheet date of periodic reports
 but before financial statements are issued for periods ending on such balance sheet
dates
 for possible adjustment to such financial statements or other disclosure. This evaluation generally occurs through the date
at which the Company&#146;s financial statements are electronically prepared for filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission
(&#147;SEC&#148;).




the accounts of Mendocino Brewing Company
 Inc.
 and its wholly-owned subsidiaries
 Releta and UBIUK. All material intracompany
and inter-company balances
 profits and transactions have been eliminated.




December 31
 2013 and 2012 have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States.
The financial statements and notes are representations of the management and the Board of Directors
 who are responsible for their
integrity and objectivity.




the prior year have been reclassified to conform to the current year presentation. These reclassifications had no effect on net
income or equity.

Cash and Cash Equivalents
 Short- and Long-Term
Investments


 the Company considers
all highly liquid investments purchased with a maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents.




are located in the UK. Although this country is considered economically stable and the Company has experienced no notable burden
from foreign exchange transactions
 export duties
 or government regulations
 it is always possible that unanticipated events in
foreign countries could disrupt the Company&#146;s operations.

Trade Accounts Receivable and Allowance
for Doubtful Accounts


invoiced amount and are the amount the Company expects to collect. Sales are made to approved customers on an open account basis
subject to established credit limits
 and generally no collateral is required. The allowance for doubtful accounts is the Company&#146;s
best estimate of the amount of probable credit losses in the Company&#146;s existing accounts receivable; however
 changes in
circumstances relating to accounts receivable may result in a requirement for additional allowances in the future.




accounts for estimated losses resulting from the inability of its customers to make required payments. Management considers the
following factors when determining the collectibility of specific customer accounts: customer credit-worthiness
 past transaction
history with the customer
 current economic and industry trends and changes in customer payment terms. Past due balances over 90
days and other higher risk amounts are reviewed individually for collectibility. If the financial condition of the Company&#146;s
customers were to deteriorate
 adversely affecting their ability to make payments
 additional allowances would be required. Based
on management&#146;s assessment
 the Company provides for estimated uncollectible amounts through a charge to earnings and a credit
to a valuation allowance. Balances that remain outstanding after the Company has used reasonable collection efforts are written
off through a charge to the valuation allowance and a credit to accounts receivable. The Company had allowances of $68
200 and
$207
800 for doubtful accounts receivable as of December 31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively.




cost
 which approximates the first-in
 first-out method
 or market (net realizable value). The Company regularly reviews its inventories
for the presence of obsolete product attributed to age
 seasonality and quality. Inventories that are considered obsolete are written
off or adjusted to carrying value.




consist of deposits
 other receivables
 and prepayments for future services. Prepayments are expensed when the services are received.




depreciated or amortized using the straight-line method over the assets&#146; estimated useful lives. Leasehold improvements are
amortized over the shorter of the life of the improvement or the life of the related lease. The Company uses other depreciation
methods (generally
 accelerated depreciation methods) for tax purposes where appropriate. Costs of maintenance and repairs are
charged to expense as incurred; significant renewals and betterments are capitalized. When property and equipment are retired
sold
 or otherwise disposed of
 the asset&#146;s carrying amount and related accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts
and any gain or loss is included in the statement of operations.


are as follows:



    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    





at the lower of the net present value of the minimum lease payments or the fair value of the leased asset at the inception of the
lease. Amortization expense is computed using the straight-line method over the shorter of the estimated useful lives of the assets
or the period of the related lease.




long-lived assets periodically in accordance with the provisions of Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) 360
 (Accounting for
the Impairment and Disposal of Long-Lived Assets). The Company reviews the carrying value of property and equipment and any other
long-lived assets for impairment annually or whenever events and circumstances indicate that the carrying value of an asset may
not be recoverable from the estimated future cash flows expected to result from its use and eventual disposition. In cases where
undiscounted expected future cash flows are less than the carrying value
 an impairment loss is recognized equal to an amount by
which the carrying value exceeds the fair value of assets. The factors considered by management in performing this assessment include
current operating results
 trends
 and prospects
 as well as the effects of obsolescence
 demand
 competition
 and other economic
factors. Long-lived assets that management commits to sell or abandon are reported at the lower of carrying amount or fair value
less cost to sell. During the year ended December 31
 2013 and 2012 the Company recorded no impairment losses related to long-lived
assets.




and amortized over the term of the related debt. When a loan is paid in full
 any unamortized financing costs are removed from
the related accounts and charged to operations. Deferred financing costs related to borrowing made in June 2011 were $225
000.
Amortization of deferred financing costs charged to operations was $45
000 for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012.




with ASC 750 which requires an asset and liability approach for financial accounting and reporting for income taxes and allows
recognition and measurement of deferred tax assets based upon the likelihood of realization of tax benefits in future years. Under
the asset and liability approach
 deferred taxes are provided for the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying
amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. Deferred tax assets
and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary
differences are expected to be recovered or settled. Deferred tax assets are recognized for deductible temporary differences and
operating loss
 and tax credit carryforwards. A valuation allowance is established to reduce the deferred tax asset if it is more
likely than not that the related tax benefits will not be realized.


tax positions that the Company has taken or expects to take on a tax return (including a decision whether to file or not to file
a return in a particular jurisdiction). The Company evaluated its tax positions and determined that there were no uncertain tax
benefits for the years ending December 31
 2013 and 2012.




and distribution operations in accordance with ASC 605. The Company recognizes revenue from product sales
 net of discounts.


of the following criteria have been met:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


&#147;Persuasive Evidence of an Arrangement&#148;
&#150; 
to recognizing revenue.

&#147;Delivery Has Occurred or Services
Have Been Performed&#148; &#150;
contractual terms. Product is considered delivered upon delivery to a customer&#146;s designated location and services are considered
performed upon completion of Company&#146;s contractual obligations.

&#147;The Fee for the Arrangement is Fixed
or Determinable&#148; &#150;
 an amount is either fixed or determinable under the terms of the
written contract. The price is negotiated at the outset of the arrangement and is not subject to refund or adjustment during the
initial term of the arrangement.

&#147;Collectibility is Reasonably Assured&#148;
&#150;
on a customer-by-customer basis based on criteria outlined by management. The Company does not enter into arrangements unless collectibility
is reasonably assured at the outset. Existing customers are subject to ongoing credit evaluations based on payment history and
other factors. If it is determined during the arrangement that collectibility is not reasonably assured
 revenue is recognized
on a cash basis.


to customers for services or placement fees as a reduction in revenue rather than as an expense. The Company reports these items
on the statement of operations as a reduction in revenue and as a corresponding reduction in marketing and selling expenses.


recognized when sales have been completed.




on the sale of alcoholic beverages
 including beer. For brewers producing less than 2.0 million barrels of beer per calendar year
the federal excise tax is $7 per barrel on the first 60
000 barrels of beer removed for consumption or sale during a calendar year
and $18 per barrel for each barrel in excess of 60
000. Individual states also impose excise taxes on alcoholic beverages in varying
amounts
 which have also been subject to change. Sales as presented in the Company&#146;s statements of operations reflect the
amount invoiced to the Company&#146;s wholesalers and other customers. Excise taxes due to federal and state agencies are not
collected from the Company&#146;s customers
 but rather are the responsibility of the Company. Net sales
 as presented in the
Company&#146;s statements of operations
 are reduced by applicable federal and state excise taxes. In the UK
 excise taxes are
paid by the manufacturer and not by the Company.




and in response to local competitive conditions
 the Company regularly offers price discounts to distributors and retailers in
most of its markets. Sales for the years 2013 and 2012
 as presented in the Company&#146;s statements of operations
 are reduced
by $1
165
100 and $1
330
800 respectively
 related to such discounts.




for promotional expenses by distributors. The Company estimates its reserves by utilizing historical information and current contracts.
In estimating chargeback reserves
 the Company analyzes actual chargeback amounts and applies historical chargeback rates to estimate
potential chargeback. The Company routinely assesses its experience with distributors and adjusts the reserves accordingly. If
actual chargebacks and other rebates are greater than the Company&#146;s estimates
 additional reserves may be required. Revisions
to estimates are charged to income in the period in which the facts that give rise to the revision become known.




seasonal
 with the first and fourth quarters historically being the slowest and the rest of the year generating stronger sales.
The volume of sales may also be affected by weather conditions. Because of the seasonality of the Company&#146;s business
 results
for any one quarter are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be achieved for the full fiscal year.




to tax authorities are sales tax collected from our retail customers. State and federal excise taxes on beer shipments are the
responsibility of the company and included in our selling price. Excise taxes on shipments are shown in a separate line item in
the consolidated statement of operations as reduction of gross sales. Sales taxes collected from customers are recognized as a
liability
 with the liability subsequently reduced when the taxes are remitted to the tax authority. Total sales taxes collected
from customers and remitted to tax authorities were not material in 2013 and 2012.




 (Shipping and Handling
Fees and Costs) the company reports pass-through freight costs on beer shipped to independent beer wholesalers in cost of sales.
Reimbursements of these costs by wholesalers are reported in sales.


to deliver beer to wholesalers are included in marketing
 distribution and administrative expenses. These costs are considered
marketing related because in addition to product delivery
 wholesalers provide marketing and other customer service functions to
customers including product display
 shelf space management
 distribution of promotional materials
 and product rotation. Shipping
costs included in marketing expense totaled $911
200 and $914
200
 for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively.




dividing the earnings attributable to common stockholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the
period. In 2013
 the effect of any potentially dilutive securities would have been anti-dilutive. Therefore
 the conversion of
the related party notes has been excluded from the calculation of net earnings per share for the year ended December 31
 2013.
Basic net earnings per share exclude the dilutive effect of stock options or warrants and convertible notes. The computations of
basic and dilutive net earnings per share are as follows:



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(876
900
    
    
    
558
400
    

    
    
    
12
611
133
    
    
    
12
611
133
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
91
300
    

    
    
    
(876
900
    
    
    
649
700
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
2
288
102
    

    
    
    
12
611
133
    
    
    
14
899
235
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    





UK
 where the local currency
 UK Pound Sterling
 is the functional currency. Financial statements of these subsidiaries are translated
into U.S. dollars using period-end exchange rates for assets and liabilities and average exchange rates during the period for revenues
and expenses. Cumulative translation adjustments associated with net assets or liabilities are reported in non-owner changes in
equity. Any exchange rate gains or losses related to foreign currency transactions are recognized in the income statement as incurred
in the same financial statement caption as the underlying transaction
 and are not material for any year shown.


in effect at December 31
 2013 and 2012
 and its cash flows were translated at the average exchange rates for the years then ended.
Changes in cash resulting from the translations are presented as a separate item in the statements of cash flows.




conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America includes having the Company make estimates
and assumptions affecting the reported amounts of assets
 liabilities
 revenues and expenses
 and disclosure of contingent assets
and liabilities. The amounts estimated could differ from actual results. Significant estimates include
 allowance for doubtful
accounts
 depreciation and amortization periods
 and the future utilization of deferred tax assets.




and were $755
600 and $900
700 for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively.






instruments reflects the amounts that the Company estimates to receive in connection with the sale of an asset or paid in connection
with the transfer of a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date (exit price). For
financial assets and liabilities that are periodically re-measured to fair value
 the Company discloses a fair value hierarchy
that prioritizes the use of inputs used in valuation techniques into the following three levels:


for identical assets and liabilities.


quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities.




 2013 and 2012
 the Company
had no financial assets or liabilities that required periodic re-measurement at fair value.


and liabilities
 which consist primarily of cash and cash equivalents
 accounts receivable
 other current assets
 accounts payable
and accrued expenses
 approximate the fair value of the respective assets and liabilities at December 31
 2013 and December 31
2012 based upon the short-term nature of the assets and liabilities. Based on borrowing rates currently available to the Company
for loans with similar terms
 the carrying value of short and long term notes payable approximate fair value.




net income and changes in equity from all other non-stockholder sources. The changes from these non-stockholder sources are reflected
as a separate item in the statements of operations and comprehensive income.




two business segments: (i) brewing operations
 tavern and tasting room operations in the US and Canada (the &#147;North American
Territory&#148;) and (ii) distributor operations in Europe (including Austria
 Belgium
 Denmark
 Ireland
 Italy
 the Netherlands
France
 Finland
 Germany
 Greece
 Iceland
 Liechtenstein
 Luxembourg
 Norway
 Portugal
 Spain
 Sweden
 Switzerland
 and the United
Kingdom) (the &#147;Foreign Territory&#148;). The Company evaluates performance based on net operating profit. Where applicable
portions of the administrative function expenses are allocated between the operating segments. The operating segments do not share
manufacturing or distribution facilities. In the event any materials and/or services are provided to one operating segment by the
other
 the transaction is valued according to the Company&#146;s transfer policy
 which approximates market price. The costs of
operating the manufacturing plants are captured discretely within each segment. The Company&#146;s property
 plant and equipment
inventory
 and accounts receivable are captured and reported discretely within each operating segment.




 the Financial Accounting
Standards Board (&#147;FASB&#148;) issued Accounting Standards Update (&#147;ASU&#148;) No. 2013-02
 Reporting of Amounts Reclassified
Out of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income requiring new disclosures regarding reclassification adjustments from accumulated
other comprehensive income (&#147;AOCI&#148;). ASU No. 2013-02 requires disclosure of amounts reclassified out of AOCI in its
entirety
 by component
 on the face of the statement of operations or in the notes. The standard is effective for fiscal years
beginning after December 15
 2012. The Company adopted this guidance beginning in the first quarter of 2013. Adoption of this guidance
does not have a material impact on the Company&#146;s consolidated financial statements.


 the FASB issued guidance on the
financial statement presentation of an unrecognized tax benefit when a net operating loss carryforward
 a similar tax loss
 or
a tax credit carryforward exists. The guidance is effective prospectively for fiscal years
 and interim periods within those years
beginning after December 15
 2013
 with an option for early adoption. The Company does not believe the adoption of this standard
will have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements.


by the FASB (including its Emerging Issues Task Force (&#147;EITF&#148;))
 the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants
(&#147;AICPA&#148;)
 and the SEC did not or are not believed by management to have a material impact on the Company&#146;s
present or future financial statements.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
 Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting
 IFRS).  Accounting policies describe all significant accounting policies of the reporting entity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          











        
        
        


Preferred stock
 Series A
 liquidation preference per share
        
        


Preferred stock
 no par value
        
        


Preferred stock
 Series A
 shares authorized

000
000

000
000


Preferred stock
 Series A
 shares issued

600

600


Preferred stock
 Series A
 shares outstanding

600

600


Common stock
 no par value
        
        


Common stock
 shares authorized

000
000

000
000


Common stock
 shares issued

611
133

611
133


Common stock
 shares outstanding

611
133

611
133




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 repurchased
 and remain in the treasury). May be all or portion of the number of preferred shares authorized. Excludes preferred shares that are classified as debt.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        




of America (UBA)
 which owns approximately 25% of the Company&#146;s common stock. KBEL had significant transactions with Shepherd
Neame
 Ltd.
 which is a related party to a former Board member. KBEL also had significant transactions with HUK
 a related party
with respect to one of MBC&#146;s Board members. The following table reflects balances outstanding as of December 31
 2013 and
2012 and the value of the transactions with these related parties for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
2
400
400
    
    
    
3
527
000
    

    
    
    
11
367
700
    
    
    
16
192
200
    

    
    
    
865
100
    
    
    
1
030
900
    

    
    
    
3
006
100
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
375
500
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
90
900
    
    
    
91
300
    

    
    
    
2
400
    
    
    
2
400
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
70
400
    
    
    
3
894
900
    

    
    
    
5
000
    
    
    
356
300
    

    
    
    
1
746
800
    
    
    
    
    



Directors are compensated for their services. Expenses related to this compensation totaled $152
800 and $114
000 for the years
ended December 31
 2013 and 2012 and are included in general and administrative expenses on the statements of operations and comprehensive
income.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        
        
        

      














        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

				 2013
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        

300


Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding
        

611
133
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 then the document is an amendment to previously-filed/accepted document.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 the first fiscal quarter should be given as the fiscal period focus. Values: FY
 Q1
 Q2
 Q3
 Q4
 H1
 H2
 M9
 T1
 T2
 T3
 M8
 CY.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word Other.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 (2) Accelerated Filer
 (3) Non-accelerated Filer
 (4) Smaller Reporting Company (Non-accelerated) or (5) Smaller Reporting Accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter. The public float should be reported on the cover page of the registrants form 10K.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        




the Company to significant concentration of credit risk consist primarily of cash and cash equivalents
 and accounts receivable.
Substantially all of the Company&#146;s cash and cash equivalents are deposited with commercial banks that have minimal credit
risk
 in the US and the UK. Accounts receivable are generally unsecured and customers are subject to an initial credit review and
ongoing monitoring. Wholesale distributors account for substantially all accounts receivable; therefore
 this risk concentration
is limited due to the number of distributors and the laws regulating the financial affairs of distributors of alcoholic beverages.
The Company has approximately $211
100 in cash deposits and $2
607
000 of accounts receivable due from customers located in the
UK as of December 31
 2013.


work stoppages or other disruptions in production that could adversely affect it. As of December 31
 2013
 a union represented
approximately 18% of the Company&#146;s US-based workforce. On that date
 the Company had approximately fourteen employees at
its California (&#147;CA&#148;) facility who were working under a collective bargaining agreement. The agreement covering the
CA facility expired on July 31
 2013 and the Company and the union are negotiating a new agreement.


$7
575
900 and $9
245
700 for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
 which represents 21% and 23% of sales for the years
ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively. Gross sales to Shepherd Neame for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012 was
$2
373
400 and $3
527
000
 which represented 7% and 9% of sales for those years respectively. No other customer individually represented
greater than 5% of revenue.




        
          

        
          
            

 near-term
 severe impact. This disclosure informs financial statement users about the general nature of the risk associated with the concentration
 and may indicate the percentage of concentration risk as of the balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        


        

418
200

335
900


        

300

091
300


        

635
900

244
600


        

770
300

442
100


        

865
600

802
500


        
        
        


        

432
000

631
000


        

699
200

236
300


        

131
200

867
300


        

600)

200


        
        
        


        

500

500


        

600)

400


        

100)

000)


Total Other Expense
 net

200)

100)


        

800)

100


        

100

700


        

900)

400


        

300

200)


        

600)

200


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        

611
133

611
133


        

611
133

899
235




        
          

        
          
            

 attributable to parent entity. Excludes changes in equity resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which are then deducted as a cost of sales. Includes excise taxes
 which are applied to specific types of transactions or items (such as gasoline or alcohol); and sales
 use and value added taxes
 which are applied to a broad class of revenue-producing transactions involving a wide range of goods and services.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 plant and equipment assets
 including oil and gas property and timber property.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including affiliates of the reporting entity
 which are not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after income or loss from equity method investments
 but before income taxes
 extraordinary items
 and noncontrolling interest.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 public relations
 and brand or product advertising.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 general and administrative expense.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 foreign currency transactions designated and effective as economic hedges of a net investment in a foreign entity and intra-entity foreign currency transactions that are of a long-term-investment nature.
              
 -Subparagraph (b
c)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the components of which are not separately disclosed on the income statement
 resulting from ancillary business-related activities (that is
 excluding major activities considered part of the normal operations of the business) also known as other nonoperating income recognized for the period. Such amounts may include: (a) dividends
 (b) interest on securities
 (c) profits on securities (net of losses)
 and (d) miscellaneous other income items.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the components of which are not separately disclosed on the income statement
 resulting from ancillary business-related activities (that is
 excluding major activities considered part of the normal operations of the business) also known as other nonoperating income (expense) recognized for the period. Such amounts may include: (a) dividends
 (b) interest on securities
 (c) net gains or losses on securities
 (d) unusual costs
 (e) gains or losses on foreign exchange transactions
 and (f) miscellaneous other income and expense items.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 before deducting returns
 allowances and discounts.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after deducting returns
 allowances and discounts.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 determined based on the timing of issuance of shares or units in the period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after adjustment for contingently issuable shares or units and other shares or units not deemed outstanding
 determined by relating the portion of time within a reporting period that common shares or units have been outstanding to the total time in that period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






Long-term Debt
 Unclassified [Abstract]
        


        
        





    
    
Year ended December 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Loan from Cole Taylor
 payable in monthly installments of $12
300
 plus interest at prime plus 4% with a balloon payment of approximately $2
210
300 in June 2016; secured by real property at Ukiah.
    
    
2
570
900
    
    
    
2
718
300
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Loan from Cole Taylor
 payable in monthly installments of $23
000 including interest at prime plus 3.5% with a balloon payment of approximately $552
600 in June 2016; secured by all assets of Releta and MBC
 excluding real property at Ukiah.
    
    
1
877
100
    
    
    
1
714
100
    

    
    
    
4
448
000
    
    
    
4
432
400
    

    
    
    
4
448
000
    
    
    
450
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
3
982
400
    






        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        




 Cole Taylor provided a line of
credit drawable up to 85% of eligible receivables and 60% of eligible inventory for a period up to June 2016. The borrowings are
collateralized
 with recourse
 by MBC&#146;s and Releta&#146;s trade receivables and inventory located in the US. This facility
carries interest at a rate of either LIBOR plus 3.5% or prime plus 1% and is secured by substantially all of the assets
 excluding
real property
 of Releta and MBC. The amount outstanding on this line of credit as of December 31
 2013 was approximately $1
517
200.
Included in the Company&#146;s balance sheet as accounts receivable at December 31
 2013
 are account balances totaling $1
512
300
of accounts receivables and $2
217
300 of inventory collateralized to Cole Taylor under this facility.


 2005
 Royal Bank of Scotland
Commercial Services Limited (&#147;RBS&#148;) provided an invoice discounting facility to KBEL for a maximum amount of &#163;1
750
000
based on 80% prepayment against qualified accounts receivable related to KBEL&#146;s UK customers. The initial term of the facility
was for a one year period after which time the facility could be terminated by either party by providing the other party with
six months&#146; notice. The facility carries an interest rate of 1.38% above the RBS base rate and a service charge of 0.10%
of each invoice discounted. The amount outstanding on this line of credit as of December 31
 2013 was approximately $727
800.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        




 2014
 MBC issued a promissory
note (the &#147;Catamaran Note&#148;) to Catamaran Services
 Inc.
 a Delaware corporation (&#147;Catamaran&#148;) in the principal
amount of $500
000. Catamaran Holdings
 Ltd.
 the sole shareholder of Catamaran
 has directors in common with Inversiones
 one
of the major shareholders of MBC. The indirect beneficial owner of Inversiones is UBHL. Dr. Vijay Mallya
 the Chairman of the board
of directors of the Company is also the Chairman of the board of directors of UBHL.


MBC promises to pay the principal sum of $500
000 with accrued interest
 as described below
 to Catamaran within six months following
the date of the Catamaran Note
 subject to the receipt by MBC of an equity investment by its majority shareholder (the &#147;Shareholder
Investment&#148;) in an amount sufficient either (a) to pay the Catamaran Note through Permitted Payments
 as defined below
 or
(b) to pay both the Catamaran Note and certain existing obligations of MBC to Cole Taylor pursuant to the Credit and Security Agreement
dated as of June 23
 2011 (as amended
 modified or supplemented from time to time) among MBC
 Releta
 and Cole Taylor (the &#147;Agreement&#148;)
in full. &#147;Permitted Payments&#148; on the Catamaran Note are payments made from the portion of a Shareholder Investment
that is in excess of $500
000.


on the Catamaran Note within six month following the date of the Catamaran Note
 the Catamaran Note shall be automatically extended
for additional six month terms. Interest shall accrue from the date of the Catamaran Note on the unpaid principal at a rate equal
to the lesser of (i) one and one-half percent (1.5%) per annum above the prime rate offered from time to time by the Bank of America
Corporation in San Francisco
 California
 or (ii) ten percent (10%) per annum
 until the principal is fully paid.


penalty at the option of MBC; however
 no payments on the Catamaran Note may be made unless such payment is a Permitted Payment
or certain existing obligations of MBC to Cole Taylor pursuant to the Agreement have been satisfied in full. The Catamaran Note
may not be amended without the prior written consent of Cole Taylor.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 purchase of a business
 settlement of litigation
 catastrophic loss
 significant foreign exchange rate changes
 loans to insiders or affiliates
 and transactions not in the ordinary course of business.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        






been authorized
 of which 227
600 are designated as Series A. Series A shareholders are entitled to receive cash dividends and/or
liquidation proceeds equal
 in the aggregate
 to $1.00 per share before any cash dividends are paid on the common stock or any
other series of preferred stock. When the entire Series A dividend/liquidation proceeds have been paid
 the Series A shares are
automatically canceled and will cease to be outstanding. Only a complete corporate dissolution will cause a liquidation preference
to be paid.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including other comprehensive income. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances of common stock
 preferred stock
 additional paid-in capital
 other capital and retained earnings
 accumulated balance for each classification of other comprehensive income and amount of comprehensive income.
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(d)
(e))
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






Designated Series A Preferred Stock
 number
        


        
        






unsecured convertible notes to UBA for a total value including interest (at the prime rate plus 1.5%
 but not to exceed 10% per
year) of $3
497
900 and $3
407
000 as of December 31
 2013 and 2012. Thirteen of the UBA notes are convertible into common stock
at $1.50 per share and one UBA note is convertible at a rate of $1.44 per share. The UBA notes have been extended until June 2014
but have automatic renewals after such maturity date for successive one year terms
 provided that either the Company or UBA may
elect not to extend the term upon written notice given to the other party no more than 60 days and no fewer than 30 days prior
to the expiration of such term. UBA may demand payment within 60 days of the end of the extension period but is precluded from
doing so because the notes are subordinated to long-term debt agreements with Cole Taylor maturing in June 2016. Therefore
 the
Company will not require the use of working capital to repay any of the UBA notes until the Cole Taylor facilities are repaid.
The UBA notes included $1
582
500 and $1
491
600 of accrued interest at December 31
 2013 and December 31
 2012
 respectively.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        


        

600)

600)


        

200)

800


        

900

900


        

400

400


        

800

800


        

800

600)


        

100

700




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 attributable to increase (decrease) in the income tax rates.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        





    
    
Year ended December 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Loan from Heineken UK Limited
 payable in quarterly installments of $138
100
 plus interest at UK prime plus 5% maturing on October 9
 2016
 secured by licensing rights pursuant to the Sub-License Agreement.
    
    
1
657
400
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
657
400
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
552
500
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
104
900
    
    
    
    
    



as follows:



Year ended December 31
 2014
    
    
    
552
500
    

Year ended December 31
 2015
    
    
    
552
500
    

Year ended December 31
 2016
    
    
    
552
400
    



 2013
 KBEL entered into a Loan
Agreement (the &#147;Loan Agreement&#148;) with Heineken UK Limited (&#147;HUK&#148;) pursuant to which HUK provided KBEL
with a secured term loan of &#163;1
000
000 on October 9
 2013 to be repaid in twelve quarterly installment of &#163;83
333.33
each
 commencing from January 9
 2014 along with interest at the rate of 5% above the Bank of England base rate. Prepayment is
permitted. Upon an Event of Default
 as defined in the Loan Agreement
 if HUK and KBEL fail to agree on a payment plan acceptable
to HUK
 HUK may
 among other remedies
 declare the loan immediately due and repayable or exercise its right to an exclusive license
pursuant to the Sub-License Agreement as described and defined in the Loan Agreement.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        




vehicles and office equipment under agreements that are classified as capital leases. The future minimum lease payments required
under the capital lease and the present value of the net minimum lease payments as of December 31
 2013
 are as follows:



Year Ending December 31
 2014
    
    
6
400
    

Year Ending December 31
 2015
    
    
6
400
    

Year Ending December 31
 2016
    
    
6
400
    

Year Ending December 31
 2017
    
    
6
400
    

    
    
    
25
600
    

    
    
    
(2
600
    

    
    
    
23
000
    

    
    
    


    

    
    
    
17
700
    






        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which includes amounts of borrowings under each line of credit
 note payable
 commercial paper issue
 bonds indenture
 debenture issue
 own-share lending arrangements and any other contractual agreement to repay funds
 and about the underlying arrangements
 rationale for a classification as long-term
 including repayment terms
 interest rates
 collateral provided
 restrictions on use of assets and activities
 whether or not in compliance with debt covenants
 and other matters important to users of the financial statements
 such as the effects of refinancing and noncompliance with debt covenants. Also includes descriptions and amounts of capital leasing arrangements that consist of direct financing
 sales type and leveraged leases. Disclosure may include the effect on the balance sheet and the income statement resulting from a change in lease classification for leases that at inception would have been classified differently had guidance been in effect at the inception of the original lease.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        






requires quantities of various processed agricultural products
 including malt and hops for beer. The Company fulfills its commodities
requirements through purchases from various sources
 some through contractual arrangements and others on the open market. Future
payments under existing contractual arrangements are as follows:



Year Ending December 31

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
1
938
800
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
1
938
800
    





actions and claims that arise as a result of events that occur in the normal course of operations. The Company&#146;s management
and its legal counsel assess such contingent liabilities
 and such assessment inherently involves an exercise of judgment. In assessing
loss contingencies related to legal proceedings that are pending against the Company or unasserted claims that may result in such
proceedings
 the Company&#146;s legal counsel evaluates the perceived merits of any legal proceedings or unasserted claims as
well as the perceived merits of the amount of relief sought or expected to be sought therein.


that it is probable that a material loss has been incurred and the amount of the liability can be estimated
 then the estimated
liability would be accrued in the Company&#146;s financial statements. If the assessment indicates that a potentially material
loss contingency is not probable
 but is reasonably possible
 or is probable but cannot be estimated
 then the nature of the contingent
liability
 together with an estimate of the range of possible loss if determinable and material
 would be disclosed. Loss contingencies
considered remote are generally not disclosed unless they involve guarantees
 in which case the nature of the guarantee would be
disclosed.


proceedings or claims that the Company believes will have
 individually or in the aggregate
 a material adverse effect on the Company&#146;s
financial position or results of operations




office facilities for various terms under long-term
 non-cancelable operating lease agreements. The leases expire at various dates
through 2019 and provide for renewal options ranging from month-to-month to five years. In the normal course of business
 it is
expected that these leases will be renewed or replaced by leases on similar properties. The leases provide for increases in future
minimum annual rental payments based on defined increases which are generally meant to correlate with the Consumer Price Index
subject to certain minimum increases. Also
 the agreements generally require the Company to pay certain costs (real estate taxes
insurance and repairs).


lease agreements for the brewpub and gift store in Ukiah
 California; land at its Saratoga Springs
 New York
 facility; a building
in the UK; and certain equipment. The New York lease includes renewal options for three additional five-year periods beginning
in 2014
 which the Company intends to exercise
 and some leases are adjusted annually for changes in the consumer price index.
Rent expense charged to operations was $359
300 and $324
400 for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012.





Year Ending December 31

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
400
500
    

    
    
    
    
310
200
    

    
    
    
    
215
000
    

    
    
    
    
195
000
    

    
    
    
    
191
600
    

    
    
    
    
103
800
    

    
    
    
    
1
416
100
    





 the Company renewed the
keg management agreement with MicroStar Keg Management LLC. Under this arrangement
 MicroStar provides all kegs for which the
Company pays a service fee depending on the applicable territory. The agreement is effective for five years ending in September
2014. If the agreement is terminated
 the Company is required to purchase four times the average monthly keg usage for the preceding
six-month period from MicroStar. The Company expects to continue this relationship. Rental expense associated with this agreement
was $102
000 and $82
100 for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively. This annual fee is not included in the
above future minimum lease payments.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      










        

418
200

335
900


        

600)

200


        

267
000

251
500


        

105
400

048
100


        

000

503
100



          

        
        


        

806
700
        


        

037
400)
        


        

736
500
        


        

800
        


        

000
        



          

        
        


        

611
500

016
300


        

800

900


        

414
500

440
800


        

600

100


        

000

500



          

        
        


        

116
000

035
600



          

        
        


        
        

319
600


        
        

300


        
        

775
100


        
        

000


        
        

086
600




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 intangible assets
 or depleting assets to periods that benefit from use of the assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale; includes cash outflows to pay for construction of self-constructed assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in the normal course of business
 reduced by sales returns and allowances
 and sales discounts.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

Unrestricted Net Assets - Condensed Balance Sheets of US Operations (Details) (Mendocino
 MBC And Releta Company [Member]
 USD $)















        
        


        

700

200


Accounts receivable
 net

512
300

531
700


        

217
300

910
500


        

500

900


        

008
800

677
300


        

225
000

225
000


        

519
200

864
600


        

700

400


        

500

800


        

794
200

507
100


        

517
200

887
700


        

524
500

584
300


        

001
700

300


        

453
300

100


        

496
700

809
400


        

700

982
400


        

497
900

407
000


        

012
300

198
800


        

100
300

100
300


        

600

600


        

546
000)

019
600)


        

781
900

308
300


        

794
200

507
100




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 within one year of the balance sheet date (or the normal operating cycle
 whichever is longer)
 for goods or services (including trade receivables) that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business
 reduced to the estimated net realizable fair value by an allowance established by the entity of the amount it deems uncertain of collection.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but does not have control
 (B) subsidiaries that are not required to be consolidated and are accounted for using the equity and or cost method
 and (C) an entity in which the reporting entity shares control of the entity with another party or group. Includes long-term advances receivable from a party that is affiliated with the reporting entity by means of direct or indirect ownership.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which is a bank's commitment to make loans up to a specific amount. Examples of items that might be included in the application of this element may consist of letters of credit
 standby letters of credit
 and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before
 as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line. Includes short-term obligations that would normally be classified as current liabilities but for which (a) postbalance sheet date issuance of a long term obligation to refinance the short term obligation on a long term basis
 or (b) the enterprise has entered into a financing agreement that clearly permits the enterprise to refinance the short-term obligation on a long term basis and the following conditions are met (1) the agreement does not expire within 1 year and is not cancelable by the lender except for violation of an objectively determinable provision
 (2) no violation exists at the BS date
 and (3) the lender has entered into the financing agreement is expected to be financially capable of honoring the agreement.
              
 -Paragraph 19
 20
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as of the balance sheet date
 of current assets not separately disclosed in the balance sheet. Current assets are expected to be realized or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as of the balance sheet date
 of noncurrent assets not separately disclosed in the balance sheet. Noncurrent assets are expected to be realized or consumed after one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      










        

537
400
        


        

405
500
        


        

525
400
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


Operating loss carryforwards
 expiration dates
        
        



          

        
        


Operating loss carryforwards
 expiration dates
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        





    
    
Year Ended December 31
 2013
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
14
806
700
    
    
    
21
611
500
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
36
418
200
    

    
    
    
(1
037
400
    
    
    
771
800
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(265
600
    

    
    
    
12
736
500
    
    
    
4
414
500
    
    
    
2
116
000
    
    
    
19
267
000
    

    
    
    
677
800
    
    
    
427
600
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
105
400
    

    
    
    
342
000
    
    
    
477
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
819
000
    




    
    
Year Ended December 31
 2012
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
17
319
600
    
    
    
23
016
300
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
40
335
900
    

    
    
    
239
300
    
    
    
695
900
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
935
200
    

    
    
    
12
775
100
    
    
    
4
440
800
    
    
    
3
035
600
    
    
    
20
251
500
    

    
    
    
616
000
    
    
    
432
100
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
048
100
    

    
    
    
1
086
600
    
    
    
416
500
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
503
100
    






        
          

        
          
            

 even if not included in that measure of segment profit or loss.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        
        
        
        

      










 2013

          



 2013

          



 2013

          



        

497
900

407
000
        
        
        


Percentage of convertible notes interest
 prime rate plus
        
        
        
        
        


Percentage of convertible notes interest rate
 maximum
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


Convertible notes payable maturity date
 description
        
        
        
        
&#160;The UBA Notes have been extended until June
2014 and have automatic renewals after such maturity date for successive one year terms
 provided that either we or UBA may elect
not to extend the term upon written notice given to the other party no more than 60 days and no fewer than 30 days prior to the
expiration of the applicable term. Under the terms of the UBA Notes
 UBA may demand payment within 60 days following the end of
the extension period
 but UBA has agreed to subordinate the UBA Notes to our long-term debt agreements with Cole Taylor
 which
mature in June 2016.


        

582
500

491
600
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 carrying value as of the balance sheet date of a written promise to pay a note
 initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle if longer
 which can be exchanged for a specified amount of one or more securities (typically common stock)
 at the option of the issuer or the holder.
              
 -Paragraph 20
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 under the debt agreement.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 under the debt agreement.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if so
 a brief description of the serial maturities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including
 but not limited to
 trade payables.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        




of two segments &#150; the North American Territory and the Foreign Territory.


American Territory consist primarily of brewing and marketing proprietary craft beers. For distribution in the North American Territory
the Company brews its brands in its own facilities
 which are located in Ukiah
 California and Saratoga Springs
 New York. This
segment accounted for approximately 41% and 43% of the Company&#146;s gross sales during the years 2013 and 2012
 respectively.


Territory
 which are conducted through its wholly-owned subsidiary UBIUK and UBIUK&#146;s wholly-owned subsidiary KBEL
 consist
primarily of the marketing and distribution of Kingfisher Premium Lager in the Foreign Territory through Indian restaurants
 chain
retail grocers
 liquor stores
 and other retail outlets (such as convenience stores). This segment accounted for approximately
59% and 57% of the Company&#146;s gross sales during 2013 and 2012 respectively.





    
    
Year Ended December 31
 2013
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
14
806
700
    
    
    
21
611
500
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
36
418
200
    

    
    
    
(1
037
400
    
    
    
771
800
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(265
600
    

    
    
    
12
736
500
    
    
    
4
414
500
    
    
    
2
116
000
    
    
    
19
267
000
    

    
    
    
677
800
    
    
    
427
600
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
105
400
    

    
    
    
342
000
    
    
    
477
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
819
000
    




    
    
Year Ended December 31
 2012
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
17
319
600
    
    
    
23
016
300
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
40
335
900
    

    
    
    
239
300
    
    
    
695
900
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
935
200
    

    
    
    
12
775
100
    
    
    
4
440
800
    
    
    
3
035
600
    
    
    
20
251
500
    

    
    
    
616
000
    
    
    
432
100
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
048
100
    

    
    
    
1
086
600
    
    
    
416
500
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
503
100
    






        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including sales to external customers and intersegment sales or transfers is 10 percent or more of the combined revenue
 internal and external
 of all operating segments b) the absolute amount of its reported profit or loss is 10 percent or more of the greater
 in absolute amount of 1) the combined reported profit of all operating segments that did not report a loss or 2) the combined reported loss of all operating segments that did report a loss c) its assets are 10 percent or more of the combined assets of all operating segments.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        


 consisting of materials
 materials
overhead
 labor
 and manufacturing overhead
 are stated at the lower of average cost or market (net realizable value) and consist
of the following at December 31:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
813
000
    
    
    
807
000
    

    
    
    
357
700
    
    
    
323
600
    

    
    
    
967
600
    
    
    
732
300
    

    
    
    
103
700
    
    
    
47
600
    

    
    
    
2
242
000
    
    
    
1
910
500
    






        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 goods
 commodities
 or supplies held for future sale or to be used in manufacturing
 servicing or production process.
              
 -Subparagraph a
b
c
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

Long-Term Debt - Related Party (Details Narrative) (Heineken UK Limited [Member]
 GBP &#xA3;)

        
        

      











          

        
        


        
        

000
000


        

333
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the current and noncurrent portions
 of collateralized debt obligations (with maturities initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle
 if longer). Such obligations include mortgage loans
 chattel loans
 and any other borrowings secured by assets of the borrower.
              
 -Paragraph 19
 20
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          











Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]
        
        


        

468
400

772
000


        

218
900

222
100


        

000

700


        

900

900


        

397
200

459
600


        

200

000


        

500

600


        

800

500


Property
 plant and equipment
 gross

599
900

661
400


        

935
100)

724
200)


Property
 plant and equipment
 net

664
800

937
200




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 depletion and amortization for physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 improvement
 or renovation to the structure
 including
 but not limited to
 interior masonry
 interior flooring
 electrical
 and plumbing.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but are not limited to
 desks
 chairs
 tables
 and bookcases.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding land held for sale.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including
 but is not limited to
 tools
 dies and molds
 computer and office equipment.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          


          


          


          


          


          



Balance at Dec. 31
 2011

600

100
300

600

389
100)

462
400


Balance
 shares at Dec. 31
 2011

600

611
133
        
        
        


        
        
        
        

400

400


        
        
        

200)
        

200)


Balance at Dec. 31
 2012

600

100
300

400

830
700)

903
600


Balance
 shares at Dec. 31
 2012

600

611
133
        
        
        


        
        
        
        

900)

900)


        
        
        

300
        

300


Balance at Dec. 31
 2013

600

100
300

700

707
600)

034
000


Balance
 shares at Dec. 31
 2013

600

611
133
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 foreign currency transactions designated and effective as economic hedges of a net investment in a foreign entity and intra-entity foreign currency transactions that are of a long-term-investment nature.
              
 -Subparagraph (b
c)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]
        


        
        




equipment
 at cost less accumulated depreciation
 at December 31:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
12
468
400
    
    
    
11
772
000
    

    
    
    
7
218
900
    
    
    
7
222
100
    

    
    
    
23
000
    
    
    
183
700
    

    
    
    
810
900
    
    
    
810
900
    

    
    
    
1
397
200
    
    
    
1
459
600
    

    
    
    
111
200
    
    
    
190
000
    

    
    
    
352
500
    
    
    
359
600
    

    
    
    
217
800
    
    
    
663
500
    

    
    
    
22
599
900
    
    
    
22
661
400
    

    
    
    
(10
935
100
    
    
    
(10
724
200
    

    
    
    
11
664
800
    
    
    
11
937
200
    



for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012 was $1
105
400 and $1
048
100
 respectively.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 accounting policies and methodology
 roll forwards
 depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 including composite depreciation
 accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 useful lives and method used
 income statement disclosures
 assets held for sale and public utility disclosures.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        
        

      










        
        
        


Preferred stock
 Series A
 shares authorized

000
000

000
000


Preferred stock
 Series A
 shares issued

600

600


Preferred stock
 cash dividends
 per share entitlement
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 repurchased
 and remain in the treasury). May be all or portion of the number of preferred shares authorized. Excludes preferred shares that are classified as debt.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

Unrestricted Net Assets (Details Narrative) (UBIUK [Member]
 USD $)








          

        


        

717
400


        

657
400




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]
        


Schedule of Property
 Plant and Equipment
        


equipment
 at cost less accumulated depreciation
 at December 31:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
12
468
400
    
    
    
11
772
000
    

    
    
    
7
218
900
    
    
    
7
222
100
    

    
    
    
23
000
    
    
    
183
700
    

    
    
    
810
900
    
    
    
810
900
    

    
    
    
1
397
200
    
    
    
1
459
600
    

    
    
    
111
200
    
    
    
190
000
    

    
    
    
352
500
    
    
    
359
600
    

    
    
    
217
800
    
    
    
663
500
    

    
    
    
22
599
900
    
    
    
22
661
400
    

    
    
    
(10
935
100
    
    
    
(10
724
200
    

    
    
    
11
664
800
    
    
    
11
937
200
    






        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 balances by class of assets
 depreciation and depletion expense and method used
 including composite depreciation
 and accumulated deprecation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      



    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    



  
  













    
  
      

          

        
        

      














        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Allowance for doubtful accounts receivables
 reserve

200

800
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        

000


        

000

000
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
For brewers producing less than 2.0 million
barrels of beer per calendar year
 the federal excise tax is $7 per barrel on the first 60
000 barrels of beer removed for consumption
or sale during a calendar year
 and $18 per barrel for each barrel in excess of 60
000.
        


        

165
100

330
800
        


        

200

200
        


        

600

700
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which are expenses incurred with the objective of increasing revenue for a specified brand
 product or product line.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 losses from tangible assets
 intangible assets and goodwill.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the carrying amount (net of accumulated amortization) as of the balance sheet date of capitalized costs associated with the issuance of debt instruments (for example
 legal
 accounting
 underwriting
 printing
 and registration costs) that will be charged against earnings over the life of the debt instruments to which such costs pertain.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including
 but not limited to
 early payments of accounts due
 (ii) the total deduction from sales during the period arising from goods returned by customers (other than under warranty provisions)
 and (iii) price reductions (allowance
 price protection agreements) given by the entity. Discounts
 returns and allowances are a deduction from gross revenue in arriving at net revenue.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        



operations have resulted in the Company determining that the deferred tax assets associated with net operating loss carryforwards
may expire prior to utilization. Because of the uncertainty of realization of any tax assets
 the Company provided a full valuation
allowance against its net deferred tax assets at December 31
 2013 and 2012. Consequently
 no benefit for deferred tax assets appears
on the Company&#146;s financial statements.


is summarized as follows:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
4
100
    
    
    
2
700
    

    
    
    
4
100
    
    
    
2
700
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
4
100
    
    
    
2
700
    



tax provision and the tax provision computed by applying the statutory US federal and United Kingdom income tax rates to earnings
before taxes is attributable to the following:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(517
600
    
    
    
(26
600
    

    
    
    
(77
200
    
    
    
21
800
    

    
    
    
129
900
    
    
    
127
900
    

    
    
    
23
400
    
    
    
17
400
    

    
    
    
4
800
    
    
    
1
800
    

    
    
    
440
800
    
    
    
(139
600
    

    
    
    
4
100
    
    
    
2
700
    



deferred tax assets and liabilities are as follows:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
5
572
100
    
    
    
5
282
300
    

    
    
    
(1
653
800
    
    
    
(1
827
900
    

    
    
    
80
500
    
    
    
103
600
    

    
    
    
3
998
800
    
    
    
3
558
000
    

    
    
    
(3
998
800
    
    
    
(3
558
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
440
800
    
    
    
(139
600
    



available for carry forward. The US Federal net operating losses total approximately $14
537
400 and expire beginning 2017 and
ending in 2033. The US state operating losses total approximately $1
405
500 and expire beginning in 2014 and ending in 2033. The
Company&#146;s UK operating losses total approximately $2
525
400 and they do not expire.


by the Internal Revenue Service and the US states include 2010
 2011
 and 2012; the Company expects to file its 2013 returns in
the summer of 2014. California may still examine 2009 because of its longer statute of limitations. Additional years may be examined
in the event of criminal tax fraud
 and any year may be subject to examination to the extent that the Company utilizes the net
operating losses from those years in its current or future tax returns.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net change during the year in the total valuation allowance
 approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets
 utilization of a tax carryback
 and tax uncertainties information.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    













