

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-13-000530
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20121231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20130401
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20130401
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MENDOCINO BREWING CO INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000919134
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MALT BEVERAGES [2082]
		IRS NUMBER:				680318293
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			CA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-13636
		FILM NUMBER:		13730768
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1601 AIRPORT ROAD
		CITY:			UKIAH
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95482
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7077441015
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1601 AIRPORT ROAD
		CITY:			UKIAH
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95482








     






UNITED
STATES
SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington
D.C. 20549

FORM
10-K

(Mark
One)

ANNUAL
                                                                                                                                                        REPORT
                                                                                                                                                        PURSUANT
                                                                                                                                                        TO
                                                                                                                                                        SECTION
                                                                                                                                                        13
                                                                                                                                                        OR
                                                                                                                                                        15(d)
                                                                                                                                                        OF
                                                                                                                                                        THE
                                                                                                                                                        SECURITIES
                                                                                                                                                        EXCHANGE
                                                                                                                                                        ACT
                                                                                                                                                        OF
                                                                                                                                                        1934


FOR
THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31
 2012




TRANSITION
                                                                                                                                                                   REPORT
                                                                                                                                                                   PURSUANT
                                                                                                                                                                   TO
                                                                                                                                                                   SECTION
                                                                                                                                                                   13
                                                                                                                                                                   OR
                                                                                                                                                                   15(d)
                                                                                                                                                                   OF
                                                                                                                                                                   THE
                                                                                                                                                                   SECURITIES
                                                                                                                                                                   EXCHANGE
                                                                                                                                                                   ACT
                                                                                                                                                                   OF
                                                                                                                                                                   1934


For
the transition period from __________ to __________

COMMISSION
FILE NUMBER 1-13636

MENDOCINO
BREWING COMPANY
 INC.
(Exact
name of Registrant as Specified in our Charter)



    
    
    

&nbsp;(State
    or Other Jurisdiction of 
    
(IRS
    Employer

&nbsp;Incorporation
    or Organization)
    
&nbsp;Identification
    No.)


1601
AIRPORT ROAD
 UKIAH
 CA 95482
(Address
of principal executive offices)

(707)
463-2627
(Registrant&rsquo;s
Telephone Number
 Including Area Code)

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: none

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:

Common
stock
 no par value

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes [&nbsp;&nbsp;]
No [X]&nbsp;

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes [&nbsp;&nbsp;]
No [X]

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes [X] No [&nbsp;&nbsp;]&nbsp;

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site
 if any
 every Interactive
Date File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (&sect;232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes [X] No [&nbsp;&nbsp;]&nbsp;

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulations S-K is not contained herein
 and will not
be contained
 to the best of the registrant&rsquo;s knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference
in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K [X]

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer or a smaller
reporting company.

Large
accelerated Filer [&nbsp;&nbsp;]&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Accelerated Filer [&nbsp;&nbsp;]&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
Non-accelerated Filer [&nbsp;&nbsp;]&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Smaller reporting company [X]

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes [&nbsp;&nbsp;] No [X]

The
aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant based on the average
of the closing bid and asked prices for such stock as reported by the OTC Markets Bulletin Board on June 30
 2012 was approximately
$355
600.

The
number of shares of the registrant&rsquo;s Common Stock outstanding as of March 15
 2013 was 12
611
133.&nbsp;

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE







    
    


Table
of ContentS



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
UNRESOLVED
    STAFF COMMENTS.
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
MINE SAFETY
    DISCLOSURES.
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
MARKET FOR
    REGISTRANT&rsquo;S COMMON EQUITY
 RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES.
    
    

    
    
SELECTED FINANCIAL
    DATA.
    
    

    
    
MANAGEMENT&rsquo;S
    DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS.
    
    

    
    
QUANTITATIVE
    AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK.
    
    

    
    
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA.
    
    

ITEM
                                           9.
        
    
CHANGES IN
    AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE.
    
    

ITEM
                                           9A.
    
CONTROLS AND
    PROCEDURES.
    
    

ITEM
                                           9B.
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

PART III
    

    
    
    
    
    

ITEM
                                           10.
    
DIRECTORS
    EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE.
    
    

ITEM
                                           11.
    
EXECUTIVE
    COMPENSATION.
    
    

ITEM
                                           12.
        
    
SECURITY OWNERSHIP
    OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS.
    
    

ITEM
                                           13.
        
    
CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS
    AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS
 AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE.
    
    

    
    
PRINCIPAL
    ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES.
    
    

    
    
EXHIBIT AND
    FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES.
    
    

    
    


    
    



    
    


FORWARD-LOOKING
INFORMATION

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933
as amended
 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 which we refer to in this Annual Report as the
Exchange Act. Forward-looking statements are not statements of historical fact but rather reflect our current expectations
 estimates
and predictions about future results and events. These statements may use words such as &ldquo;anticipate
&rdquo; &ldquo;believe
&rdquo;
&ldquo;estimate
&rdquo; &ldquo;expect
&rdquo; &ldquo;intend
&rdquo; &ldquo;predict
&rdquo; &ldquo;project&rdquo; and similar expressions
as they relate to us or our Management. Unless the context otherwise requires
 references in this Annual Report to &ldquo;we
&rdquo;
&ldquo;us
&rdquo; &ldquo;our
&rdquo; or the &ldquo;Company&rdquo; refer to Mendocino Brewing Company
 Inc. together with its subsidiaries.
When we make forward-looking statements
 we are basing them on our Management&rsquo;s beliefs and assumptions
 using information
currently available to us. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks
 uncertainties and assumptions
 including but
not limited to
 risks
 uncertainties and assumptions discussed in this Annual Report. Factors that can cause or contribute to
these differences include those described under the headings &ldquo;Risk Factors&rdquo; and &ldquo;Management Discussion and Analysis
and Plan of Operation.&rdquo; If one or more of these or other risks or uncertainties materialize
 or if our underlying assumptions
prove to be incorrect
 actual results may vary materially from what we projected. All subsequent written and oral forward-looking
statements attributable to us or individuals acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by this paragraph.
You should specifically consider the factors identified in this Annual Report
 which would cause actual results to differ before
making an investment decision. We are under no duty to update any of the forward-looking statements after the date of this Annual
Report or to conform these statements to actual results.

In
addition
 such statements could be affected by general industry and market conditions and growth rates
 and by general economic
and political conditions in the markets in which we compete. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking
statements.

PART
I



ITEM
    1.
    




Mendocino
Brewing Company
 Inc.
 a California corporation
 was founded in 1983 as a limited partnership and converted to a corporation in
1993. We were one of the first modern craft brewers
 having opened the first new brewpub in California and the second in the United
States following the repeal of Prohibition. We have been recognized for our innovations in the brewpub concept
 our craft brew
style and our distinctive labels. In this Annual Report
 the term &ldquo;the Company&rdquo; and its variants and the terms &ldquo;we
&rdquo;
&ldquo;us
&rdquo; and &ldquo;our&rdquo; and their variants are generally used to refer to Mendocino Brewing Company
 Inc. together
with its subsidiaries
 while the term &ldquo;MBC&rdquo; is used to refer to Mendocino Brewing Company
 Inc. as an individual entity.

We
operate in two geographic markets
 (i) the United States and Canada (referred to in this Annual Report as the &ldquo;North American
Territory&rdquo;) and (ii) Europe (including Austria
 Belgium
 Denmark
 Ireland
 Italy
 the Netherlands
 France
 Finland
 Germany
Greece
 Iceland
 Liechtenstein
 Luxembourg
 Norway
 Portugal
 Spain
 Sweden
 Switzerland
 and the United Kingdom) (referred to
in this Annual Report as the &ldquo;Foreign Territory&rdquo;). Our European operations are primarily in the United Kingdom.

Our
operations in the North American Territory consist primarily of brewing and marketing proprietary craft beers
 including Red Tail
Ale
 Blue Heron Pale Ale
 Black Hawk Stout
 Eye of the Hawk Select Ale
 White Hawk Original IPA
 and Red Tail Lager
 and a licensed
international specialty beer
 Kingfisher Premium Lager. For distribution in the North American Territory
 we brew our brands in
our own facilities
 which are located in Ukiah
 California and Saratoga Springs
 New York. In the North American Territory
 we
distribute our products in most of the states
 the District of Columbia and Canada.

Our
operations in the Foreign Territory
 which are conducted through our wholly-owned subsidiary
 United Breweries International (U.K.)
Limited (&ldquo;UBIUK&rdquo;) and UBIUK&rsquo;s wholly-owned subsidiary
 Kingfisher Beer Europe Limited (&ldquo;KBEL&rdquo;)
which was formerly known as UBSN Limited
 consist primarily of the marketing and distribution of Kingfisher Premium Lager through
Indian restaurants
 chain retail grocers
 liquor stores
 and other retail outlets (such as convenience stores). We hold an exclusive
license
 expiring in October 2018
 from United Breweries Limited
 an Indian public limited company (&ldquo;UB Limited&rdquo;)
to brew and distribute Kingfisher Premium Lager in certain areas of the Foreign Territory. The Chairman of our Board of Directors
Dr. Vijay Mallya
 is also the Chairman of the board of directors of UB Limited.


    
    


All
of our beers sold in the Foreign Territory are brewed in England under a contract with Shepherd Neame
 Ltd. (&ldquo;Shepherd Neame&rdquo;)
an English brewer. This contract expires in October 2013. We are in discussion with another brewer to brew and package products
for sale in the Foreign Territory. KBEL is the sole distributor of Kingfisher Premium Lager in the United Kingdom
 Ireland
 and
continental Europe
 but does not physically distribute our products to our ultimate trade customers. KBEL relies on specialty
restaurant trade distributors in the United Kingdom and on Shepherd Neame
 acting as KBEL&rsquo;s agent
 on a commission basis
for distribution to the supermarket
 liquor and convenience store trade.

COMPANY
BACKGROUND

We
first bottled our flagship brand
 Red Tail Ale
 in December 1983
 and conducted our initial public offering in February 1995.
We completed construction of our brewery in Ukiah
 California in May 1997. This facility
 which has a current annual packaging
capacity of 100
000 brewers&rsquo; barrels (&ldquo;bbl.&rdquo;) assuming one eight hour shift per day
 was designed to enable
our production capacity at such facility to be expanded to 200
000 bbl. per year with additional equipment.

Our
New York subsidiary
 Releta Brewing Company
 LLC
 d/b/a Ten Springs Brewery (&ldquo;Releta&rdquo;)
 which is located in Saratoga
Springs
 New York
 commenced production in our leased facilities in February 1998. This facility
 which has a current annual packaging
capacity of 90
000 bbl. assuming one eight hour shift per day
 was also designed to enable our production at such facility to
be expanded to 200
000 bbl. per year with additional equipment.

In
1998
 we purchased certain assets from Carmel Brewing Company
 Inc.
 a California corporation (&ldquo;Carmel Brewing&rdquo;).
We continue to bottle and sell beer under the Carmel Brewing name.

In
2001
 we acquired UBIUK together with UBIUK&rsquo;s wholly-owned subsidiary
 KBEL
 from Inversiones Mirabel
 S.A.
 a Panamanian
corporation
 (&ldquo;Inversiones&rdquo;) in exchange for MBC stock then valued at approximately $5
500
000 (the &ldquo;UBIUK Acquisition&rdquo;).
UBIUK and KBEL primarily market
 sell
 and distribute Kingfisher Premium Lager in the Foreign Territory. Kingfisher Premium Lager
which is the flagship brand of UB Limited
 is a recognized international brand
 with widespread distribution outside our geographic
markets.

We
also acquired the United States brewing and distribution rights for Kingfisher Premium Lager as a result of the UBIUK Acquisition.
We brew Kingfisher Premium Lager in our Saratoga Springs
 New York and Ukiah
 California facilities. We have a contract with Shepherd
Neame to brew Kingfisher Premium Lager for distribution in the Foreign Territory which expires in October 2013.

In
2005
 United Breweries of America
 BVI
 a British Virgin Islands corporation (&ldquo;UBA-BVI&rdquo;)
 an indirect beneficial owner
of a majority of our outstanding shares
 merged into United Breweries Holdings
 Ltd.
 an Indian public limited company (&ldquo;UBHL&rdquo;).
As a result of the merger of UBA-BVI into UBHL
 UBHL acquired indirect control over approximately 78% of our then outstanding
shares. Dr. Vijay Mallya
 our Chairman of the Board
 is also the Chairman of the board of directors of UBHL.

&nbsp;In
2010
 we purchased certain brand-related assets from Golden West Brewing Company
 a California corporation and Beautiful Brews
Inc.
 a Florida corporation
 including trademarks
 trade names
 and other brand-related assets related to the Butte Creek brands
of organic ales and Honey Amber Rose ale
 respectively. MBC pays royalties based on sales of such assets.


    
    


INDUSTRY
OVERVIEW

NORTH
AMERICAN MARKET 

We
are a brewer in the craft brewing segment of the United States beer industry. The United States domestic beer market consists
of a number of market categories
 some of which include low-priced
 premium
 super premium
 lite
 import
 and specialty/craft
beers. In the North American Territory
 we compete in the specialty/craft category which the Brewers Association estimated produced
approximately 11.5 million barrels in the year 2011. Craft beers are typically all malt
 characterized by their full flavor
 and
are usually produced using methods similar to those of traditional European brews. The domestic beer market is dominated by large
domestic and international brewers. The craft brewing segment is growing
 but is relatively small. Recently
 the United States
beer market has seen two trends
 the number of craft brewers has increased in number and the large domestic brewers have merged
or been acquired by other large domestic and international brewers (e.g. InBev S.A.&rsquo;s acquisition of Anheuser-Busch Companies
Inc.). Since our formation in the 1980s
 the rate at which the craft beer segment has grown has fluctuated over the years. The
large domestic brewers produce their own fuller-flavored products to compete against craft beers. The introduction of flavored
malt beverages starting in 2001 has also increased competition in the beer market. Additionally
 the wine and spirits market has
seen an increase in recent years
 attributable to competitive pricing
 television advertising
 increased merchandising and resurgent
consumer interest in wine and spirits.

EUROPEAN
MARKET 

The
vast majority of our sales in the European Union are made in the United Kingdom. During fiscal years 2012 and 2011 our sales in
the United Kingdom constituted approximately 89% of our total sales in the Foreign Territory. Sales in the Foreign Territory primarily
consist of sales of Kingfisher Premium Lager. We have production and distribution rights for Kingfisher Premium Lager in the United
Kingdom and the other European Union countries.

Within
the European Union
 we primarily distribute our products through Indian restaurants using restaurant trade distributors. In addition
we distribute our products through other retail outlets such as supermarkets
 liquor stores
 and licensed shops and convenience
stores.

OUR
BUSINESS 

We
are a pioneering brewer in the specialty craft brewing segment in the United States. We produce high quality ales and lagers in
our own breweries in the United States. Through our subsidiary in the United Kingdom
 we have production and distribution rights
to Kingfisher Premium Lager in the European Union
 Canada and
 until October 2013
 the United States. Generally sales are made
through distributors. We are negotiating arrangements to maintain production and distribution rights in the United States after
October 2013.



We
produce a variety of flavorful craft beers by using high quality ingredients in our brewing process. For distribution in the North
American Territory
 we brew ten ales
 one wheat beer
 three lagers
 two pilsners
 two stouts and a root beer
 all on a year-round
basis
 and three seasonal brews. All of these products are brewed at our production facilities in Ukiah
 California
 and Saratoga
Springs
 New York. The locations of the breweries are well positioned to serve the large markets on the East and West coasts.

In
the Foreign Territory
 we currently distribute Kingfisher Premium Lager. Kingfisher Premium Lager is the leading Indian beer by
sales volume in India and abroad.

Our
principal products are as follows:

RED
TAIL ALE
 a full flavored amber ale
 is our flagship brand. It is available in 12 oz. six-packs and twelve-packs
 half-barrel
kegs
 and 5 gallon kegs.

BLUE
HERON PALE ALE
twelve-packs
 half-barrel kegs
 and 5 gallon kegs.

BLACK
HAWK STOUT
 half-barrel kegs
 and
5 gallon kegs.


    
    


EYE
OF THE HAWK SELECT ALE
 half-barrel kegs
 and 5
gallon kegs.

WHITE
HAWK ORIGINAL IPA
six-packs and half-barrel kegs.

KINGFISHER
PREMIUM LAGER
 Kingfisher Premium
Lager is available in 12 oz. six-packs
 22 oz. bottles
 half-barrel kegs
 and 5 gallon as well as on tap in a few pubs and Indian
restaurants. In Canada
 Kingfisher Premium Lager is available in 12 oz. six-packs and 22 oz. bottles. Kingfisher Premium Lager
is available year-round in 330ml and 660ml bottles in multi-packs as well as in a variety of keg sizes in the United Kingdom
Ireland
 and continental Europe. In the United Kingdom
 it is also available on tap in Indian restaurants.

DISTRIBUTION
METHODS

In
the North American Territory
 our products are sold through wholesale distributors to consumers at supermarkets
 warehouse stores
liquor stores
 taverns and bars
 restaurants
 and convenience stores.

Our
products are delivered to retail outlets by independent distributors whose principal business is the distribution of beer
 and
in some cases other alcoholic beverages
 and who typically also distribute one or more national beer brands. Together with our
distributors
 we market our products to retail outlets and rely on our distributors to provide regular deliveries
 to maintain
retail shelf space
 and to oversee timely rotation of inventory. We also offer a variety of ales and lagers directly to consumers
at a tasting room attached to the Saratoga Springs brewery in New York and at our ale house in Ukiah
 California (formerly located
in Hopland
 California).

In
the Foreign Territory
 our products are distributed primarily through Indian restaurants by restaurant trade distributors. Such
points of sale represent approximately 90% of our total sales volume in the Foreign Territory
 with the remaining 10% of sales
volume attributed to sales in supermarkets
 liquor stores
 and licensed shops and convenience stores. The majority of our restaurant
sales are through our on-tap draft installations. KBEL exports Kingfisher Premium Lager to many European markets outside of the
United Kingdom
 and our sales growth in those markets typically correlates with the establishment and proliferation of Indian
restaurants in such locations.

Distribution
and retailing of products in Canada involves a wide range and varied degree of government control through provincial liquor boards.
We distribute our products through provincial liquor control boards or independent distributors
 as required in each province.



In
the North American Territory
 we compete against a variety of brewers in the craft beer segment
 including brewpubs
 microbrewers
regional craft brewers
 and craft beer products of major national breweries. Additionally
 the entire craft beer segment competes
to some extent with other segments of the United States beer market
 including major national brands like Budweiser and Miller
and imported beers such as Heineken and Becks.

The
lager market in the United Kingdom is dominated by major international brands such as Stella Artois
 Carling
 Heineken
 Budweiser
and Becks
 in the restaurant and pub sectors and in sales through supermarkets and other retail outlets. Our products are marketed
through Indian and other restaurants
 major supermarket chains
 smaller chains
 and individual stores. In all of these sectors
we face competition from other ethnic and international brands produced by local and large international brewers. We promote Kingfisher
Premium Lager as the worldwide No. 1 selling premium Indian lager. We promote the brand through our significant participation
in events directed at the Indian restaurant trade and volume-driven promotions in supermarkets and Cash &amp; Carry stores
 a
retail chain in the United Kingdom.

In
recent years
 the larger domestic and international brewers have introduced fuller-flavored beers meant to compete with our craft
beer offerings. The participation by larger domestic and international brewers increases competition and price sensitivity within
the craft beer segment. Craft brewers compete primarily on product quality
 taste profile
 and consistency.


    
    


We
face tough competition in the North American Territory as well as in the Foreign Territory. We compete with other beer and beverage
companies not only for consumer acceptance and loyalty but also for shelf and tap space in retail establishments. We must also
vie for marketing focus by our distributors and their customers
 all of which also distribute and sell other beer and alcoholic
beverage products. Many of our competitors&rsquo; financial and marketing resources and distribution networks are substantially
greater than ours. Moreover
 the introduction of new products by competitors that compete directly with our products
 or that
diminish the importance of our products to retailers or distributors
 may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations
cash flows and financial position.

SOURCES
AND AVAILABILITY OF RAW MATERIALS

Production
of our beverages requires various processed agricultural products
 including malt and hops. We fulfill our commodities requirements
through purchases from various sources
 some through contractual arrangements and others on the open market. In the Foreign Territory
these purchases have historically been made directly by Shepherd Neame
 which brews our products on a contract basis pursuant
to a contract due to expire in October 2013. We are in the process of negotiating a new brewing contract with a different brewer.
If we are unable to enter into a new brewing contract on reasonable terms pursuant to which the new contract brewer acquires the
raw materials necessary to brew our products in the Foreign Territory
 our results of operations
 cash flows and financial position
are likely to be materially adversely affected. In 2008
 MBC and Releta each entered into long term contracts to purchase hops.
These contracts expire in 2015. If we are unable to enter into new contracts to purchase hops on commercially reasonable terms
our results of operations
 cash flows and financial position may be materially adversely affected. The price of malt has increased
substantially since the beginning of 2012. We believe that the commodity markets will continue to experience price
 availability
and demand fluctuations. The price and supply of raw materials will be determined by
 among other factors
 the level of crop production
weather conditions
 export demand
 and government regulations and legislation affecting agriculture.

Our
major suppliers in North America are Great Western Malting Co.
 Yakima
 WA
 and Canada Malting Company
 Montreal
 Canada (malt);
Hop Union LLC
 Yakima
 WA and S.S. Steiner Inc.
 New York
 NY (hops); Gamer Packaging Inc.
 Minneapolis
 MN (bottles and crowns);
Alliance Packaging
 Seattle
 WA
 and International Paper Co. Pittsburg
 PA (cartons); Rose City Printing and Packaging
 Vancouver
WA and Keystone Paper and Box Company
 Inc.
 South Windsor
 CT (carriers); and DWS Printing Associates
 Bay Shore
 NY (labels).

Our
major supplier for the Foreign Territory is Shepherd Neame
 which brews on a contract basis all of our products that are sold
in the Foreign Territory. We do not directly purchase any agricultural commodities or other products for use in the Foreign Territory.
We are currently in the process of negotiating an arrangement with a new brewer. If we do not come to an agreement with such new
brewer on commercially reasonable terms for the period after expiration of our agreement with Shepherd Neame in October 2013
our results of operations
 cash flows and financial position may be materially adversely affected.

DEPENDENCE
ON MAJOR CUSTOMERS

Sales
to our top five customers in 2012 totaled $9
245
700 (approximately 23% of our sales)
 as compared to sales to our top five customers
in 2011 which totaled $10
576
900 (approximately 26% of our sales).

Sales
to our principal European customer
 Shepherd Neame
 during 2012 represented approximately 15% of our Foreign Territory sales (or
approximately 9% of our total sales)
 as compared to approximately 21% of Foreign Territory sales (or approximately 12% of total
sales) in 2011. In 2012
 we increased our distribution network and had decreased sales to Shepherd Neame compared to 2011. No
other individual customer accounted for more than 5% of our total sales during 2012 or 2011. Our European sales may be affected
by the terms of any new brewing and distribution contract entered into for the period beginning October 2013.


    
    




Our
product sales are seasonal
 with the first and fourth quarters historically being the slowest and the rest of the year typically
having stronger sales. Sales volume may be affected by weather. Accordingly
 our results for any individual quarter may not be
indicative of the results that may be achieved for the full fiscal year.

Sales
and Marketing

We
market our products through various promotional programs with our distributors and wholesalers. The sales and marketing staff
offer support to the wholesalers and retailers by educating them about our products. Our products are promoted at local art
 music
and food festivals
 and restaurants and pubs. We operate a tasting room at our Saratoga Springs brewery and our ale house in Ukiah
California. We utilize signs
 tap handles
 coasters
 logo glassware and posters to promote our products in bars
 pubs and restaurants.

We
participate in various consumer promotion programs
 primarily price discounts. We occasionally advertise our products in print
media.



We
have United States federal trademark registrations on the principal register of the United States Patent and Trademark Office
for the following marks: MENDOCINO BREWING COMPANY word mark (Reg. No. 2
441
141)
 RED TAIL ALE word mark (Reg. No. 2
032
382)
RED TAIL design mark (Reg. No. 2
011
817)
 BLUE HERON PALE ALE design mark (Reg. No. 2
011
816)
 EYE OF THE HAWK SELECT ALE word
mark (Reg. No. 1
673
594)
 YULETIDE PORTER word mark (Reg. No. 1
666
891)
 BREWSLETTER word mark (Reg. No. 1
768
639)
 PEREGRINE
GOLDEN ALE word mark (Reg. No. 2
475
522)
 HOPLAND BREWERY word mark (Reg. No. 2
509
464)
 BLACK EYE ALE word mark (Reg. No. 2
667
078)
BLACK HAWK STOUT word mark (Reg. No. 3
205
652)
 BLUE HERON word mark (Reg. No. 3
818
385)
 HONEY AMBER ROSE design mark (Reg.
No. 3
276
229)
 TWIN SISTERS (Reg. No. 3
589
090)
 REVOLUTION X (Reg. No. 3
237
471); ROCK HARD TEN (Reg. No. 3
585
772)
 ORGANIC
PIONEERS (Reg. No. 3
339
179)
 THE OFFICIAL BEER OF PLANET EARTH (Reg. No. 3
339
151)
 YOSEMITE (Reg. No. 4
064
887)
 and CATCH
22 (Reg. No. 3
814
885).

We
have United States federal trademark registrations on the supplemental register of the United States Patent and Trademark Office
for the following marks: BEER DIVA word mark (Reg. No. 3
350
568).

We
use the BLUE HERON word mark (Reg. No. 3
818
385) under a concurrent use agreement with Bridgeport Brewing Company which gives
us the exclusive right to use the BLUE HERON word mark throughout the United States with the exception of Oregon
 Idaho
 Washington
and Montana. Bridgeport Brewing Company
 the other concurrent use party
 has the exclusive right to use the BLUE HERON word mark
in those states.

We
claim common law trademark rights in and to the following marks: TALON BARLEY WINE ALE word mark
 TALON BARLEY WINE ALE design
mark
 TRAINWRECK word mark
 HELLTOWN word mark
 and BUTTE CREEK BREWING word mark.

We
have acquired the trademark CARMEL BREWING COMPANY and any other variation of the same as used by Carmel Brewing Company and claim
common law trademark rights in and to all such marks. We have also acquired the rights to use the RAZOR EDGE word mark through
a License Agreement with Beverage Mates
 Ltd. However
 we are currently not using the RAZOR EDGE mark
 and it is unclear whether
we will use the mark in the future. The original term of the RAZOR EDGE License Agreement ended in 2008
 but has been automatically
renewed. License fees are calculated based on sales of the product. We have not had any sales of this brand since 2001.

LICENSE
AGREEMENTS

UBIUK
and KBEL hold the exclusive brewing and distribution rights for Kingfisher Premium Lager in the United Kingdom
 Ireland
 continental
Europe
 and Canada through a licensing agreement with UB Limited which is currently scheduled to expire in October 2018.


    
    


In
July 2001
 we entered into the Kingfisher Trademark and Trade Name License Agreement with Kingfisher America
 Inc.
 (&ldquo;KFA&rdquo;)
pursuant to which we obtained a royalty-free
 exclusive license to use the Kingfisher trademark and trade name in connection with
the brewing and distribution of beer in the United States. The Company plans to negotiate arrangements to continue to brew and
distribute beer using the Kingfisher trademark.

Since
1998
 UBIUK and KBEL have licensed to Shepherd Neame the exclusive right to brew
 keg
 bottle
 can
 label
 and package all beers
and related products sold under the Kingfisher trademark in the United Kingdom
 Ireland
 and continental Europe. The price KBEL
pays to Shepherd Neame for brewing Kingfisher Premium Lager for distribution in the United Kingdom is set by a formula which varies
according to the applicable duty on Kingfisher Premium Lager and other factors. (For additional information see &ldquo;Item 13.
&mdash; Certain Relationships and Related Transactions - Brewing Agreement&rdquo;.) Under its terms
 this agreement will expire
in October 2013. We are in discussion with another brewer to brew and package products for sale in the Foreign Territory. If we
are unable to enter into a new agreement for brewing for distribution in the Foreign Territory
 our results of operations
 cash
flows and financial position may be materially adversely affected.

GOVERNMENTAL
REGULATION

Our
North American Territory operations are subject to licensing by local
 state and federal governments
 as well as to regulation
by a variety of state and local agencies. We are licensed to manufacture and sell beer by the Departments of Alcoholic Beverage
Control in California and New York. A federal permit from the United States Treasury Department
 Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade
Bureau (the &ldquo;TTB&rdquo;) (formerly the Bureau of Alcohol
 Tobacco
 and Firearms) allows us to manufacture fermented malt
beverages. To keep these licenses and permits in force we must pay annual fees and submit timely production reports and excise
tax returns. We must give these regulatory agencies prompt notice of any changes in the operations
 ownership
 or company structure.
The TTB must also approve all product labels
 which must include an alcohol use warning. These agencies require that individuals
owning equity securities totaling in the aggregate 10% or more of our outstanding securities be investigated as to their suitability
of character. Our production operations must also comply with the Occupational Safety and Health Administration&rsquo;s workplace
safety and worker health regulations and comparable state laws. Management believes that we are presently in compliance with the
aforementioned laws and regulations. In addition
 we have implemented our own voluntary safety program. Our Ukiah ale house is
regulated by the Mendocino County Health Department
 which requires an annual permit and conducts spot inspections to monitor
compliance with applicable health codes. In Canada
 provincial governments regulate the beer industry
 particularly the pricing
mark-up
 container management
 sale
 distribution and advertising of beer. Distribution and retailing of products in Canada involves
a wide range and varied degree of government control through provincial liquor boards. We distribute our products through provincial
liquor control boards or independent distributors
 as per the applicable regulation for each province.

In
the United States
 for brewers producing less than 2
000
000 barrels per year
 the federal excise tax rate is $7.00 per bbl. for
up to 60
000 bbl. per year and $18.00 per bbl. for over 60
000 bbl. The California excise tax rate is $6.20 per bbl. The State
of New York presently imposes on brewers an excise tax of $3.88 per bbl. for production in excess of 100
000 bbl. per year.

Our
operations in the Foreign Territory are subject to regulation by United Kingdom and European laws
 as well as by the laws of various
individual countries in which UBIUK distributes our products. Due to the current contract brewing arrangement in the Foreign Territory
Shepherd Neame
 rather than the Company
 is subject to various laws of the European countries regarding production
 bottling
packaging
 and labeling.

COMPLIANCE
WITH ENVIRONMENTAL LAWS

We
are subject to various federal
 state
 and local environmental laws which regulate the use
 storage
 handling
 and disposal of
various substances. We have not received any notice from any governmental agency relating to our violation of any applicable environmental
law.

Our
waste products consist of process water
 spent grains
 hops
 glass and cardboard. We have instituted a recycling program for our
office paper
 newspapers
 magazines
 glass
 and cardboard at minimal cost to us. We sell or give away our spent grain to local
cattle ranchers.


    
    


.
We built our own wastewater treatment plant for the Ukiah facility. As a result
 we have reduced our sewer hook-up fees at that
location. If our discharge exceeds 55
000 gallons per day
 which Management does not expect to occur until annual capacity exceeds
100
000 bbl.
 we may be required to pay additional fees. The approximate operating costs of the plant are between $6
000 and $10
000
per month
 which may increase with increased production. We have contracted to have the liquid sediment that remains from the
treated wastewater trucked to a local composting facility at a cost of between $4
500 and $5
500 per month. We obtained a Mendocino
County Air Quality Control Permit to operate a natural gas fired boiler in Ukiah; this permit is valid until August 30
 2013.
Management expects this permit to be renewed each year.

Saratoga
Springs
 cardboard
 glass
 and liquid waste. We have instituted a recycling
program for cardboard
 office paper and glass at minimal cost to us. Spent grain is given away to local cattle dairy farms free
of charge. We pay approximately $2
500 per month in sewer fees for liquid waste. We follow and operate under the rules and regulations
of the New York Department of Environmental Conservation for Air Pollution Control.

Various
states in which we sell our products
 including California and New York
 have adopted certain restrictive packaging laws and regulations
for beverages. These laws require deposit on packages. Such laws have not had a significant effect on our sales. The adoption
of similar legislation by Congress
 a substantial number of states or additional local jurisdictions might require us to incur
significant capital expenditures for compliance. We believe we are in compliance with all applicable Canadian laws and regulations.

In
general
 European packaging regulations are covered by specifications provided by the European Union; we believe we are in compliance
with such specifications.

Dram
Shop Laws

The
serving of alcoholic beverages to a person known to be intoxicated may
 under certain circumstances
 result in the server being
held liable to third parties for injuries caused by the intoxicated customer. Our brewpub and tasting room have limited hours
and our employees have knowledge of this issue. Large awards in excess of our insurance coverage could adversely affect our financial
condition.



As
of December 31
 2012
 MBC employed 63 full-time and 14 part-time individuals in the United States
 including 13 in management
and administration
 45 in brewing and production operations
 4 in retail and tavern operations and 15 in sales and marketing positions.
In England
 UBIUK and KBEL together employed 19 full-time and 2 part-time individuals including 14 in sales and marketing and
7 in managerial and administrative positions. Management believes that our relationship with our employees is generally good.

Approximately
14 employees currently engaged in brewing
 bottling
 warehousing
 and shipping at the Ukiah brewery are represented by Teamsters
Local No. 896
 International Brotherhood of Teamsters
 AFL-CIO (the &ldquo;Union&rdquo;). Under our collective bargaining agreement
with the Union
 all of such 14 employees&rsquo; positions must be held and filled by members of the Union. The collective bargaining
agreement will expire on July 31
 2013. A failure to renew such agreement may have a material adverse effect on our results of
operations
 cash flows and financial position.

RESEARCH
AND DEVELOPMENT

We
have not spent a material amount during the last two fiscal years on research and development activities or on customer-sponsored
research activities relating to the development of new products
 services or techniques
 or the improvement of existing products
services or techniques.


    
    






RISK
    FACTORS.


In
addition to the other information about risks in this Annual Report on Form 10-K
 described below are risks and uncertainties
that we believe are most likely to be material to our business and results of operations. Our business operations and results
may also be adversely affected by additional risks and uncertainties not presently known
 or which we currently deem immaterial
or which are applicable in general to the industries in which we compete or to the economies in which we sell our products. Any
of the following risks or uncertainties might cause our business
 financial condition
 results of operations or cash flows to
suffer.

LACK
OF PROFITABLE OPERATIONS: We incurred a net loss in the North American Territory for 2012. From 2005 to 2011
 operations in the
Foreign Territory have resulted in a net loss. We did not incur a net loss in the Foreign Territory for 2012. We believe our losses
are attributable to low sales volume and higher operating expenses. Our business is also subject to certain fixed and semi-variable
operating costs
 which
 when combined with the difference between current levels of production and maximum production capacity
may cause our gross margins to be sensitive to small increases or decreases in sales volume in the North American Territory. We
may not be able to offset such increased expenses with comparable price increases in our products
 which could also impact our
gross margins. We may not be successful in our efforts to increase sales volume and utilization rates. Moreover
 it is uncertain
when
 if at all
 our operations will become profitable once again. Future operating losses may have a material adverse effect
on our cash flows and financial position.

LIQUIDITY:
Low utilization of the production capacity at our Ukiah and Saratoga Springs facilities and losses from our European operations
continued to place demands on our working capital. We have loans
 lines of credit
 other credit facilities
 and lease obligations
with various creditors. We may find it difficult to continue our operations
 at least in the short term
 if any of the following
occur: a breach of any loan provision by us that leads to our default
 an inability of any lender to continue to offer credit
facilities
 our inability to refinance credit facilities when and as they become due
 or an attempt by one of our creditors to
exercise its rights to certain of our tangible or intangible assets which have been used as collateral or which have been pledged
as security for our obligations.

We
rely on short and long-term debt to meet our working capital needs. As described in the &ldquo;Description of Our Indebtedness&rdquo;
section of Management&rsquo;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
 the terms of the Company&rsquo;s
loan agreement with Cole Taylor Bank
 an Illinois banking corporation (&ldquo;Cole Taylor&rdquo;)
 require that we meet certain
financial covenants. We may not be able to generate financial results sufficient to meet one or more financial covenants
 which
would cause us to be in violation of the loan agreement. Failure to meet the covenants is an event of default under the loan agreement.
Following an event of default
 Cole Taylor could deny a request for a waiver
 and the entire outstanding loan balance would be
immediately due and payable. In such a case
 we would seek to refinance the loan with one or more lenders
 potentially at less
desirable terms. Given the current economic environment and the tightening of lending standards by many financial institutions
there can be no guarantee that additional financing would be available at commercially reasonable terms
 if at all.

On
March 22
 2013
 United Breweries (Holdings) Limited (&ldquo;UBHL&rdquo;) issued a letter of financial support on behalf of KBEL
( &ldquo;Letter of Support&rdquo;)
 to KBEL&rsquo;s accountants
 to confirm that UBHL had agreed to provide funding on an as needed
basis to KBEL to ensure that KBEL is able to meet its financial obligations as and when they fall due. The Letter of Support confirms
that such support will be available
 at a minimum
 until one year from March 22
 2013. If it becomes necessary to seek UBHL&rsquo;s
financial assistance under the Letter of Support and UBHL is either unable or unwilling to fulfill its commitment to KBEL
 or
to extend the time period of such commitment
 it may result in a material adverse effect on KBEL&rsquo;s
 UBIUK&rsquo;s and our
financial position and on our ability to continue operations.

If
we are in default under our secured credit facilities
 our lenders may seek to satisfy any outstanding obligations through recourse
against the applicable pledged collateral which may include our real property
 fixed assets and current assets. The loss of any
material pledged asset would likely have a material adverse effect on our financial position and results of operations.

Rates
of interest on our credit facilities are variable based on the prime lending rates in the United States and the United Kingdom.
Any increase in the prime lending rates would increase our interest expense and could have a material adverse effect on our financial
position and results of operations.

Our
 Maintaining our facilities or introducing
new products or packaging may require incremental capital expenditures; however
 per the terms of our loan agreement
 our capital
expenditures will be limited to specified amounts (based on a formula). If the capital expenditures necessary to maintain our
facilities or bring new products or packaging to market are greater than the amounts to which we are limited by this arrangement
our ability to maintain or increase sales growth could be impaired
 which could materially adversely affect our business


    
    


COMPETITION:
We face intense competition in both our North American Territory and in our Foreign Territory from both competitors in the beer
market and producers of wine and spirits. Certain of our competitors have substantially greater financial and marketing resources
and more extensive distribution networks than we do. In addition
 the introduction of new products by existing competitors or
new entrants into the market may impact our market share. Moreover
 consumer preference and consumer trends may result in a decrease
in demand for our products which could also have an impact on our results of operations.

RAW
MATERIALS: We are dependent on a limited number of suppliers
 and in some instances on a sole supplier
 for the majority of the
raw materials and packaging materials used in our operations. As a result
 an interruption in the supply chain might have an adverse
effect on our operations if we were unable to find an alternative supplier at a comparable price. Unfavorable weather conditions
might impact the output of crops necessary to brew our products which might
 in turn
 affect our supply chain. The price of malt
increased significantly in the first quarter of 2012 due to limited supply and higher demand (See Part 1
 Item 1
 &ldquo;Sources
And Availability of Raw Materials&rdquo;). We may not be in a position to pass the entire amount of any cost increase to our customers
which may have an adverse effect on our operations.

DEPENDENCY
ON CONTRACT BREWING ARRANGEMENTS: We have entered into short term non-binding arrangements with several brewers to brew and package
their brands at our brewing facilities
 predominantly at our Saratoga Springs
 New York facility. Approximately 33% of our sales
volume in the North American Territory for fiscal year 2012 was comprised of sales made under such contract brewing arrangements.
There is no certainty that such existing arrangements will be extended in the future or that we will be able to enter into new
arrangements. Any significant variation in these arrangements could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations
cash flows and financial position.

DEPENDENCY
ON DISTRIBUTORS: We sell beer to independent beer distributors for distribution to retailers. Although the Company currently has
arrangements with its wholesale distributors to distribute the products
 sustained growth will require it to maintain such relationships
and possibly enter into agreements with additional distributors. Changes in control or ownership of the current distribution network
could lead to less support of our products. No assurance can be given that we will be able to maintain or secure additional distributors
on terms favorable to us. Our ability to maintain existing distribution arrangements may be adversely affected by the fact that
many of our distributors are reliant on one of the major beer producers for a large percentage of their revenue and
 therefore
they may be influenced by such producers. If our existing distribution agreements are terminated
 we may not be able to enter
into new distribution agreements on substantially similar terms
 which may result in an increase in the costs of distribution.


ARRANGEMENT
WITH SHEPHERD NEAME: UBIUK and KBEL entered into a brewing agreement that grants Shepherd Neame the exclusive right to brew and
package all beers sold under the Kingfisher trademark in the United Kingdom
 and to distribute such products elsewhere in the
Foreign Territory. Continued losses in the European Territory have diminished our ability to timely settle our liabilities. Any
interruption of the brewing
 packaging or distribution of our products by Shepherd Neame for any reason is likely to have a material
adverse effect on our results of operations
 cash flows and financial position. The agreement with Shepherd Neame expires in October
2013. We are in discussion with another brewer to brew and package our products for sale in the Foreign Territory. If we are unable
to enter into a new agreement for brewing for distribution in the Foreign Territory
 our results of operations
 cash flows and
financial position may be materially adversely affected.

GROSS
 We anticipate that our future gross margins
will fluctuate and may even decline as a result of many factors
 including disproportionate depreciation and other fixed and semi-variable
operating costs
 and the level of production at our breweries in relation to current production capacity. Our sales volume is
much lower than our brewing and packaging capacities
 leading to under utilization (See &ldquo;Item 2 &ndash; Properties&rdquo;
below). Both of our brewing facilities incur maintenance and other costs on a level consistent with their maximum capacity rather
than with their current utilization levels. Our high level of fixed and semi-variable operating costs causes gross margin to be
especially sensitive to relatively small increases or decreases in sales volume. Other factors that could affect cost of sales
include changes in freight charges
 the availability and prices of raw materials and packaging materials
 the mix between draft
and bottled product sales
 and federal or state excise taxes and levies. Our inability to align costs and utilization rates affects
our capital
 liquidity
 and management resources. Failure to adequately align such costs and utilization rates may have a material
adverse effect on our business
 financial condition
 and results of operations.


    
    


MATERIAL
CONTRACT FOR THE SUPPLY OF KEGS: We have entered into an exclusive Keg Management Agreement with MicroStar Keg Management LLC
(&ldquo;MicroStar&rdquo;) which expires in September 2014. Under the terms of the agreement with MicroStar
 we receive our entire
supply of kegs exclusively from MicroStar. If the agreement is terminated
 we are required to purchase from MicroStar four times
the average monthly keg usage for the preceding six-month period. We may need additional funds to purchase those kegs. An interruption
in the supply of kegs or
 in the case of termination of the agreement
 our failure to obtain the necessary funding to facilitate
such purchases could have a material adverse effect on our business
 results of operations
 cash flows or financial position.

SEASONALITY:
Sales of craft beer products in the United States and beer sales in the United Kingdom are somewhat seasonal
 with the winter
months historically being the slowest and the summer months generating stronger sales. Our sales volume may also be affected by
weather conditions. Therefore
 the results for any quarter may not be indicative of the results that may be achieved for the full
fiscal year. If an adverse event such as a regional economic downturn or poor weather conditions should occur during the second
and third quarters
 the adverse impact to our revenues would likely be greater as a result of the seasonal business.

ECONOMIC
DOWNTURN: There is a concern over current economic conditions and its impact on consumer spending. Such economic conditions may
adversely affect the sale of our products. In the past few years
 the United States
 the United Kingdom and other countries have
experienced periods of deteriorated economic conditions. Such economic challenges may continue or reoccur. These conditions make
it difficult for us to accurately forecast and plan future business activities. Furthermore
 during challenging economic times
we may face issues gaining timely access to financings or capital infusion
 which could result in an impairment of our ability
to continue our business activities. We cannot predict the timing
 strength or duration of any economic slowdown or subsequent
economic recovery
 worldwide
 in the United States
 or in our industry. These and other economic factors could have a material
adverse effect on our financial condition and operating results.

REGULATION
AND TAXATION: The manufacture and sale of alcoholic beverages is a business that is highly regulated and taxed at the federal
state and local levels. Our operations may be subject to more restrictive regulations and increased taxation than those of non-alcohol
related businesses. For instance
 brewery and wholesale operations require various federal
 state and local licenses
 permits
and approvals. In addition
 some states prohibit wholesalers and retailers from holding an interest in any supplier such as the
Company. Violation of such regulations can result in the loss or revocation of existing licenses by the wholesaler
 retailer and/or
supplier. The loss or revocation of any existing licenses
 permits or approvals
 failure to obtain any necessary additional or
new licenses
 permits or approvals
 or the failure to obtain approval for the transfer of any existing permits or licenses
 could
have a material adverse effect on our ability to conduct our business. Because of the many and various licensing and permitting
requirements
 there is a risk that one or more regulatory authorities could determine that we have not complied with applicable
licensing or permitting regulations
 paid the appropriate excise taxes
 or maintained the approvals necessary to conduct business
within their respective jurisdictions. There can be no assurance that any such regulatory action would not have a material adverse
effect upon us or our operating results.

Various
jurisdictions frequently propose increasing the federal and/or state excise tax on alcoholic beverages
 or certain types of alcoholic
beverages such as flavored malt beverages
 either to increase revenues
 or discourage purchase by underage drinkers. If adopted
these measures could affect some or all of our products. If federal or state excise taxes are increased
 we may have to raise
prices to maintain present profit margins which may have an impact on our sales volume. Higher taxes on beer may reduce the overall
demand
 thus negatively impacting sales of our products. Recently
 states have been reviewing the state tax treatment for flavored
malt beverages
 which could result in increased costs for the Company and decreased sales.

Further
federal or state regulation may be forthcoming that could limit distribution and sales of alcohol products. Such regulation might
reduce our ability to sell our products at retail and at wholesale and could severely impact our business.


    
    


CHANGE
IN PUBLIC ATTITUDE AND DRINKING PREFERENCES: There is public concern over alcohol-related social problems
 including drunk driving
underage drinking and health consequences from the misuse of alcohol
 including alcoholism. This may adversely affect consumption
of alcoholic beverages. Consumer drinking preferences may also change due to availability of a variety of products in the craft
brew segment. Any change in government regulation or shift in consumer preference may have an adverse impact on our operations.
Consumer demand for luxury items
 including craft beer
 is sensitive to downturns in the economy and the corresponding impact
on discretionary spending. Changes in discretionary consumer spending or consumer preferences brought about by factors such as
perceived or actual general economic conditions
 job losses and the resultant rising unemployment rate
 perceived or actual disposable
consumer income and wealth and changes in consumer confidence in the economy
 could significantly reduce customer demand for craft
beer in general
 and the products we offer specifically. Furthermore
 any of these factors may cause consumers to substitute our
products with the fuller-flavored national brands or other more affordable alternatives. In either event
 this would likely have
a significant negative impact on our operating results.

ADVERTISING
 In
the future this could lead us to lower the prices that we charge for our products
 depending on competitive factors in our various
markets. To increase demand for our products
 we have participated in price promotions with our wholesalers and retail customers
in most of our markets. The number of markets in which we participate in price promotions and the frequency of such promotions
may change depending upon market conditions. There can be no assurance that our price promotions will be successful in increasing
demand for our products. If consumers were unwilling to accept our products or if general consumer trends caused a decrease in
the demand for beer
 including craft beer
 it would adversely impact our sales and results of operations. If the flavored alcohol
beverage market
 the wine market
 or the spirits market continues to grow
 this could draw consumers away from our products and
have an adverse effect on sales and results of operations. Furthermore
 if beer consumption in general were to fall out of favor
among consumers
 or if the beer industry were subjected to significant additional governmental regulation
 our operations could
be adversely affected.

INFORMATION
TECHNOLOGY SYSTEMS: We rely upon the capacity
 reliability and security of our information technology
 or IT
 systems across all
of our major business functions
 including manufacturing
 retail
 financial and administrative functions. We also rely on systems
owned and operated by third party business vendors to process payroll for our employees. Our business requires us to use and store
customer
 employee and business partner personally identifiable information
 which we refer to as PII. This may include names
addresses
 phone numbers
 email addresses and contact preferences. 

Information
technology helps us operate efficiently and produce our financial statements. If we do not allocate and effectively manage the
resources necessary to sustain technology infrastructure
 we could be subject to transaction errors
 processing inefficiencies
business disruptions or the loss of or damage to intellectual property through security breach. Any inefficiency in our data management
systems could materially impair our ability to effectively plan
 forecast and execute our business plan and comply with applicable
laws and regulations. We also face the challenge of supporting our older systems and implementing upgrades when necessary. Any
such impairment could materially and adversely affect our financial condition
 results of operations
 cash flows and the timeliness
with which we report our internal and external operating results. 

We
require user names and passwords in order to access our information technology systems. We also use encryption and authentication
technologies to secure the transmission and storage of data. We rely on security measures implemented by third party vendors to
protect our PII. These security measures may be compromised as a result of third-party security breaches
 employee error
 malfeasance
faulty password management or other irregularities
 and result in persons obtaining unauthorized access to our data or accounts.

We
are not aware of any material cyber attack on our information technology systems. The costs to timely detect and eliminate or
alleviate network security problems
 bugs
 viruses
 worms
 malicious software programs and security vulnerabilities could be significant
and our efforts to address these problems may not be successful and could result in unexpected interruptions
 delays
 or cessation
of service
 and may harm our business operations. Moreover
 if a computer security breach affects our systems or results in the
unauthorized release of PII
 our reputation and brand could be materially damaged and use of our products and services could decrease.
We would also be exposed to risks of loss
 litigation and potential liability
 which could result in a material adverse effect
on our business
 results of operations and financial condition. We do not have specific insurance coverage against risks related
to cyber incidents.


    
    


INSURANCE:
We may experience material losses in excess of insurance coverage. We believe that we have a reasonable amount of insurance coverage
for a business of our size and type. There are
 however
 certain types of catastrophic losses that are not generally insured because
it is not economically feasible to insure against such losses. Should an uninsured loss or a loss in excess of insured limits
occur
 such loss could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.

LITIGATION:
could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and
operations. At any given time
 we are subject to claims and actions incidental to the operation of our business. The outcome of
these proceedings cannot be predicted. If a plaintiff were successful in a claim against our Company
 we could be faced with the
payment of a material sum of money. If this were to occur
 it could have an adverse effect on our financial condition.

COMMON
STOCK PRICE: The market for our Common Stock is limited
 sporadic and highly volatile. Since our shares do not qualify to trade
on any national securities exchange
 the only market currently available
 to the extent any trading occurs
 is the &ldquo;bulletin
possible that no active public market with significant liquidity will ever develop. Thus
investors run the risk of never being able to sell their shares or selling at a depressed price. Our Common Stock price could
be subject to significant fluctuations and/or may decline. Factors that could affect our stock price include
 but are not limited
to: 


the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      entry
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      into
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      or
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      termination
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      of
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      key
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      agreements;
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      

the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      introduction
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      of
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      new
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      products
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      by
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      us
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      or
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      our
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      competitors;
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      

future
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      sales
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      of
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      our
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Common
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Stock;
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      

variations
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      in
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      our
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      operating
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      results;
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      

changes
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      in
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      market
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      values
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      of
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      public
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      companies
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      that
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      operate
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      in
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      our
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      business
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      segment;
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      

general
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      market
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      conditions;&nbsp;and
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      

domestic
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      and
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      international
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      economic
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      factors
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      unrelated
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      to
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      our
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      specific
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      performance.

DIVIDENDS:
We have never paid cash dividends on our capital stock and do not anticipate paying cash dividends in the foreseeable future.
Instead
 we will likely retain future earnings for reinvestment in our business.





UNRESOLVED
    STAFF COMMENTS.


Not
required for smaller reporting companies.





    


BREWING
FACILITIES

We
own nine acres of land in Ukiah
 California on which our Ukiah brewery is located. Management believes that this facility is adequate
for our current capacity and also provides space for future expansion. Cole Taylor Bank currently holds a deed of trust on this
property in connection with a loan advanced to us. (See &ldquo;Item 7. &ndash; Management&rsquo;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations &ndash; Description of our Indebtedness &ndash; Cole Taylor Facility&rdquo;). The principal
amount outstanding on the loan as of December 31
 2012 was $2
885
600.

We
have estimated the life of the Ukiah brewery at 40 years and depreciate the cost of the building on a straight-line method over
its anticipated life. We do not depreciate the cost of the land. Our assessed value on the Ukiah facility is approximately $10
165
200.
Various other assets incorporated in this facility are being depreciated
 on a straight-line basis
 at rates of between 10 and
20 years. Property taxes are currently assessed on the Ukiah property (including machinery and equipment) at a rate of 1.144%
for an annual tax of $116
300.

We
also lease 3.66 acres in Saratoga Springs
 New York
 on which the Ten Springs brewery facilities are located. In 2009
 we leased
additional warehouse space and entered into a new lease. The current term of this lease expires on July 2014
 with an option to
extend the lease for three successive terms of five years each
 provided that the lease is not in default.


    
    


Based
on current product mix
 the brewery in Ukiah
 California has a current annual cellar capacity of approximately 55
000 bbl
 and
the brewery at Saratoga Springs
 New York currently has an annual cellar capacity of approximately 45
000 bbl. per year. Cellar
capacity can be expanded by addition of tanks of desired size and quantity. We installed additional tanks at both breweries during
early 2012 to increase the cellar capacity by approximately 5
000 barrels at each brewery. The Ukiah and Saratoga Springs breweries
have annual packaging capacity of 100
000 bbl. and 90
000 bbl. respectively on a single shift basis
 and each brewery has annual
brewing capacity of 200
000 bbl. (See &ldquo;Item 1A &ndash; Risk Factors &ndash; Gross Margins&rdquo; above.)

ALE
HOUSE

We
have leased a 2
500 square foot building in Ukiah
 California where our ale house and merchandise store is located.

MACHINERY
AND EQUIPMENT

We
lease certain equipment and vehicles under capital and operating leases which expire at varying times. Additionally
 we lease
equipment and vehicles under various other leases. As these leases expire
 it is anticipated that
 in accordance with our current
practices
 the equipment will be acquired
 the vehicles will be surrendered
 and we will enter into new vehicle leases.

KBEL
has leased approximately 2
000 square feet of office space in Maidstone
 Kent
 in England. We do not own or lease any other material
properties in Europe.

We
consider our land
 buildings
 improvements
 and equipment to be well maintained
 in good condition
 and adequate to meet the operating
demands placed upon them. In the opinion of Management
 all of these properties are adequately covered by insurance.





LEGAL
    PROCEEDINGS.


The
Company is involved from time to time in claims
 proceedings and litigation arising in the normal course of business. The Company
believes that
 to the extent that any pending or threatened litigation involving the Company or its properties exists
 such litigation
will not likely have any material adverse effect on the Company&rsquo;s financial condition or results of operations.





MINE
    SAFETY DISCLOSURES.


Not
applicable.

PART
II





                                                                                                                                           5.

MARKET FOR REGISTRANT&rsquo;S COMMON EQUITY
    RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES.



MARKET
INFORMATION

Our
 tier of the OTC Markets under the symbol &ldquo;MENB&rdquo;. The market
for our Common Stock is limited
national
securities exchange
 the only market currently available
 to the extent any trading occurs
 will continue to be the &ldquo;bulletin
possible that no active public market with significant liquidity will ever develop. Thus
 investors
run the risk of never being able to sell their shares.


    
    


The
table below sets forth
 for the fiscal quarters indicated
 the quoted high and low bid prices for our Common Stock
 as reported
 tier of the OTC Markets. The information listed below reflects inter-dealer bids
 without retail mark-up
mark-down
 or commission
 and may not necessarily represent actual transactions.



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    




    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


We
had approximately 2
234 holders of our Common Stock of record as of March 5
 2013.



Historically
we have not paid any dividends. We anticipate that for the foreseeable future
 all earnings
 if any
 will be retained for the
operation and expansion of our business and that we will not pay cash dividends. The payment of dividends
 if any
 in the future
will be at the discretion of MBC&rsquo;s Board of Directors
 which we refer to in this Annual Report as the Board
 and will depend
upon
 among other things
 future earnings
 capital requirements
 restrictions in future financing agreements
 the general financial
condition of the Company and general business conditions. Our credit agreements provide that we may not declare or pay any dividend
or other distribution on our Common Stock (other than a stock dividend)
 or purchase or redeem any Common Stock
 without the lender&rsquo;s
prior written consent. Management anticipates that similar restrictions will remain in effect for as long as we have significant
bank financing.

The
holders of our 227
600 outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock (which are not listed for trading on any market
 or to our
knowledge quoted on any bulletin board or other public quotation system) are entitled to aggregate cash dividends and liquidation
proceeds of $1.00 per share before any dividend may be paid with respect to the Common Stock.

SECURITIES
AUTHORIZED FOR ISSUANCE UNDER EQUITY COMPENSATION PLANS

Effective
as of January 1
 2012
 the Board adopted an amendment to the directors compensation plan (as amended
 the &ldquo;Amended and Restated
Directors&rsquo; Compensation Plan&rdquo;) with respect to the&nbsp;compensation of Non-Employee (as defined therein) members
of the Board for their services as directors. The Amended and Restated Directors&rsquo; Compensation Plan was subsequently approved
by the shareholders. Under the terms of the Amended and Restated Directors&rsquo; Compensation Plan
 each Non-Employee director
receives a fixed annual retainer of $15
000 as well as additional fees of $1
250 per meeting of the Board and $1
250 per committee
meeting attended. The chairs of the Compensation Committee and the Audit/Finance Committee each receive $4
500 in fees for acting
as chairpersons of such committees. In addition
 each Non-Employee Director on January 1 of each calendar year during the five
year period commencing January 1
 2012 and ending December 31
 2016 shall receive an addition $2
000 per year.

Prior
to January 1
 2012
 under the terms of the earlier plan (&ldquo;Directors&rsquo; Compensation Plan&rdquo;)
 Non-Employee directors
received a fixed annual retainer of $12
000 as well as additional fees of $1
000 per meeting of the Board and $1
000 per committee
meeting attended. The chairs of the Compensation Committee and the Audit/Finance Committee each received $4
000 in fees for acting
as chairpersons of such committees. In addition to the above fixed compensation
 each Non-Employee director of MBC serving in
office on January 1st of any applicable year was eligible to receive a discretionary amount of Common Stock
 up to an additional
25
000 shares. Determinations as to when such shares were to be issued were based upon MBC&rsquo;s performance
 each director&rsquo;s
performance for the immediately preceding year
 and such factors as determined in the sole discretion of the Board. We last issued
shares under a predecessor of the Directors&rsquo; Compensation Plan on September 14
 2011 as compensation for Board service in
2009.


    
    


Dr.
Vijay Mallya
 Chairman of the Board
 receives fixed remuneration as described in &ldquo;Item 11-Executive Compensation &ndash;
Directors&rsquo; Compensation for the Year 2012&rdquo;.

Currently
there are no equity compensation plans
 therefore
 no equity compensation plan information has been provided in chart form.

RECENT
SALES OF UNREGISTERED SECURITIES



ISSUER
PURCHASE OF EQUITY SECURITIES







SELECTED
    FINANCIAL DATA.



reporting companies.





MANAGEMENT&rsquo;S
    DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS.


The
following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our financial statements
and related notes
 and the other financial information included in this Form 10-K. With respect to this discussion
 the terms
&ldquo;Company
&rdquo; &ldquo;we
&rdquo; &ldquo;us
&rdquo; and &ldquo;our&rdquo; refer to the consolidated operations of Mendocino
Brewing Company
 Inc. This discussion and analysis may contain forward-looking statements.



Since
our formation in 1983
 we have been brewing and selling our craft beers in the United States. Effective upon our acquisition of
UBIUK in 2001
 we have produced and distributed Kingfisher Premium Lager in the United States
 Europe (primarily the United Kingdom)
and Canada.

Our
operations for fiscal years 2012 and 2011 resulted in income from operations of $935
200 and $492
400
 respectively. After providing
for interest
 other income and taxes
 the net income in 2012 and 2011 was $558
400 and $49
400 respectively. Even though sales
decreased
 net income increased in the year 2012
 mainly due to a reduction in operating expenses.


    
    


RESULTS
OF OPERATIONS

YEAR
ENDED DECEMBER&nbsp;31
 2012 COMPARED TO YEAR ENDED DECEMBER&nbsp;31
 2011

The
following table sets forth
 for the periods indicated
 a comparison of certain items from our Consolidated Statements of Operations:



    
    
    
    
    

    
40
335
900
41
211
100
(875
200
    

    
1
091
300
1
057
300
34
000
    

    
39
244
600
40
153
800
(909
200
    

    
28
442
100
29
276
800
(834
700
    

    
10
802
500
10
877
000
(74
500
    

    
9
867
300
10
384
600
(517
300
    

    
935
200
492
400
442
800
    

    
(450
000
(470
100
(20
100
    

    
75
900
34
200
41
700
    

    
561
100
56
500
504
600
    

    
2
700
7
100
(4
400
    

    
558
400
49
400
509
000
    


NET
SALES

As
used herein
 the term &ldquo;net sales&rdquo; refers to gross sales less excise taxes. Overall net sales for fiscal year 2012
were $39
244
600
 a decrease of $909
200 or 2.3% as compared to $40
153
800 in fiscal year 2011 which we consider to be a minor
year-to-year fluctuation.

NORTH
AMERICAN TERRITORY OPERATIONS: Net sales in the North American Territory totaled $16
228
300 in fiscal year 2012
 compared to
$16
138
400 for fiscal year 2011
 representing an increase in 2012 of $89
900 or 1%. Sales of beer for fiscal year 2012 increased
by 1
000 barrels to 83
600 barrels
 an increase of 1%
 as compared to 82
600 barrels in fiscal year 2011. This increase was due
to an increase in sales of contract brands. We continue to solicit opportunities to enter into non-binding contract brewing arrangements
to address the low production capacity utilization rates in our Ukiah and Releta brewing facilities and anticipate that fluctuations
in the availability of such contract brewing arrangements will continue to impact our net sales in the North American Territory.

FOREIGN
TERRITORY OPERATIONS: Net sales in the Foreign Territory totaled $23
016
300 in fiscal year 2012
 compared to $24
015
400 during
fiscal year 2011
 a decrease of $999
100 or 4%. The decrease was due to lower sales volume partially offset by a higher selling
price. The lower sales volume was caused by a continued decline in the beer market and general economic conditions. We have experienced
reduced sales volume on certain channels which generated low or negative margin mostly due to management action to reduce low
margin sales in channels managed by Shepherd Neame.

Inflation
did not have a significant impact on net sales.

COST
OF GOODS SOLD

Overall
cost of goods sold during fiscal year 2012 was $28
442
100
 as compared to $29
276
800 during fiscal year 2011
 a decrease of
$834
700
 or 2.9%. As a percentage of net sales
 costs of goods sold remained between 72% and 73% in fiscal years 2012 and 2011.

Utilization
of our production capacity has a direct impact on cost. Generally
 when facilities are operating at higher percentage of production
capacity
 cost is favorably affected because fixed and semi-variable operating costs
 such as depreciation and production costs
are spread over a larger volume base. Our production capacity is currently under-utilized. In addition to capacity utilization
other factors that could affect cost of sales include unanticipated increases in material and shipping costs
 the availability
and prices of raw materials and packaging materials
 and the availability of contract brewing contracts.


    
    


NORTH
AMERICAN TERRITORY OPERATIONS: Cost of goods sold as a percentage of net sales in the North American Territory increased to 76%
during the fiscal years 2012 compared to 75% in 2011 due to a slight increase in price of raw materials.

FOREIGN
TERRITORY OPERATIONS: As a percentage of net sales
 cost of goods sold in the United Kingdom during fiscal year 2012 decreased
to 70%
 as compared to 72% during fiscal year 2011
 mainly due to an increase in sales prices with no corresponding increase in
the purchase cost to us of several products.

GROSS
PROFIT

As
a result of decreased sales offset by decreased cost of goods
 gross profit for fiscal year 2012 (expressed in United States dollars)
was $10
802
500
 a decrease of $74
500
 or 1%
 as compared to gross profit of $10
877
000 in fiscal year 2011. As a percentage
of net sales
 our overall gross profit during fiscal year 2012 and 2011 remained between 27% and 28%.

OPERATING
EXPENSES

Operating
expenses consist of marketing and distribution expenses
 and general and administrative expenses. Operating expenses for fiscal
year 2012 totaled $9
867
300
 a decrease of $517
300
 or 5%
 as compared to $10
384
600 for fiscal year 2011. The decrease is
generally attributable to the restructuring and reduced depreciation expenses in the Foreign Territory
 as described below. As
a percentage of net sales
 operating expenses decreased to 25% during fiscal year 2012 compared to 26% in fiscal year 2011.

MARKETING
AND DISTRIBUTION EXPENSES: Our marketing and distribution expenses consist of salaries and commissions
 advertising costs
 product
and sales promotion costs
 travel expenses
 and retail operating expenses. For fiscal year 2012
 such expenses equaled $5
631
000
a decrease of $272
600 or 5%
 as compared to $5
903
600 in fiscal year 2011. As a percentage of net sales
 our marketing and distribution
expenses decreased to 14% in fiscal year 2012
 as compared to 15% in fiscal year 2011.

NORTH
AMERICAN TERRITORY OPERATIONS: Marketing and distribution expenses for the North American Territory in fiscal year 2012 equaled
$1
754
500
 an increase of $56
100
 or 3%
 as compared to $1
698
400 in marketing and distribution expenses incurred during fiscal
year 2011. Such increase in expenses is mainly due to an increase in the operational expenses of the Company&rsquo;s Ukiah alehouse
which opened in June 2011. Marketing and distribution expenses remained at 11% of North American Territory net sales during fiscal
years 2012 and 2011.

FOREIGN
TERRITORY OPERATIONS: Marketing and distribution expenses in the Foreign Territory during fiscal year 2012 equaled $3
876
500
a decrease of $328
700
 or 8%
 as compared to $4
205
200 during fiscal year 2011. Such decrease is mainly due to (i) a restructuring
of manpower
 delays in replacing sales personnel and associated costs
 (ii) reductions in sales commissions due to lower commissionable
sales volume and (iii) a decreased marketing agency fee. As a percentage of net sales in the United Kingdom
 such expenses decreased
to 17% during 2012 compared to 18% in the year 2011.

GENERAL
AND ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES: General and administrative expenses include all expenses not characterized as sales and marketing
expenses. Our general and administrative expenses totaled $4
236
300 for fiscal year 2012
 representing a decrease of $244
700
or 5%
 as compared to $4
481
000 for fiscal year 2011. General and administrative expenses equaled 11% of net sales for fiscal
years 2012 and 2011.

NORTH
AMERICAN TERRITORY OPERATIONS: General and administrative expenses for our North American Territory equaled $1
984
600 for fiscal
year 2012
 representing an increase of $72
500
 or 4%
 as compared to $1
912
100 for fiscal year 2011. The increase in general
and administrative expenses was primarily due to an increase in salary and benefits to administrative staff.


    
    


FOREIGN
TERRITORY OPERATIONS: General and administrative expenses for our Foreign Territory equaled $2
251
700 in fiscal year 2012
 representing
a decrease of $317
200
 or 12%
 as compared to $2
568
900 for fiscal year 2011 mainly due to reduced depreciation expenses caused
by a reduction in the value of depreciable assets.

OTHER
EXPENSES

Other
expenses
 including interest expenses
 totaled $374
100 in fiscal year 2012
 representing a decrease of $61
800
 or 14%
 as compared
to $435
900 in fiscal year 2011. Such decrease was partly due to a reduction in interest and increased profit from sale of assets.

INCOME
TAXES

We
incurred an income tax expense of $2
700
 related to United States operations
 for fiscal year 2012
 as compared to expense of
$7
100 for fiscal year 2011.

NET
INCOME

Due
to factors described above
 our net income for fiscal year 2012 prior to accounting for foreign currency translation adjustments
was $558
400
 an increase of $509
000 as compared to $49
400 for fiscal year 2011. After taking into account a negative foreign
currency translation adjustment of $117
200 for fiscal year 2012
 compared to a negative adjustment of $8
100 for fiscal year
2011
 our comprehensive income in fiscal year 2012 was $441
200
 as compared to $41
300 in fiscal year 2011.

RETAIL
OPERATIONS

We
operate a tasting room and merchandise store where we serve our brews on tap. We also sell various items of apparel and memorabilia
bearing the Company&rsquo;s trademarks
 which creates further awareness of our beers and reinforces our branding. Although sales
revenues from retail operations are not significant ($256
600 in 2012 and $207
700 in 2011)
 we view them as a marketing opportunity
for our products.

LIQUIDITY
AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

Unused
capacity at our Ukiah and Saratoga Springs facilities has continued to place demands on our working capital. Since we commenced
operations at our Ukiah brewery
 proceeds from our operations have not been able to provide us with sufficient working capital.

On
December&nbsp;31
 2012
 we had cash and cash equivalents of $198
500
 an accumulated deficit of $13
830
700
 and a working capital
deficit of $2
913
000 as the result of prior losses from the operations of UBIUK and KBEL
 primarily in the United Kingdom. During
2012
 we operated profitably
 generating $468
100 in cash flow from operations. In response to the losses incurred in connection
with our international operations
 UBHL
 our indirect majority shareholder
 issued a letter of financial support on KBEL&rsquo;s
behalf on February&nbsp;15
 2011
 on March 2
 2012 and on March 22
 2013 (each
 a &ldquo;Letter of Support&rdquo;). Under the
terms of the Letters of Support
 UBHL agreed to provide funding to KBEL on an as needed basis to enable KBEL to meet its financial
obligations as they fall due. There is no maximum limit on the amount of funding to be provided by UBHL to KBEL under the terms
of the Letters of Support
 however
 such funding is subject to compliance with applicable exchange control regulations and other
applicable laws and regulations regarding the transfer of funds from India to the United Kingdom.&nbsp;The Letter of Support dated
March 22
 2013 was issued for a twelve month minimum period.&nbsp;The type of financial support to be provided by UBHL and the
terms of such financial support is not specified in the Letters of Support. Our Management intends to seek UBHL&rsquo;s consent
to keep the current Letter of Support in force beyond the minimum period
 if necessary
 or request that UBHL issue a new letter
of support for the period after such minimum period. If UBHL does not agree to keep the Letter of Support in force following the
minimum specified period or is unwilling to meet its obligations under the Letter of Support
 it could result in a material adverse
effect on KBEL and UBIUK&rsquo;s financial condition and thus on our consolidated results of operations and could affect KBEL
UBIUK&rsquo;s and potentially our ability to continue operations. Our Chairman of the Board
 Dr. Vijay Mallya
 is also the Chairman
of the board of directors of UBHL.


    
    


Our
Management has taken several actions to enable us to meet our working capital needs through March 31
 2014
 including reductions
in discretionary expenditures
 optimization of pricing and discounts to increase margins
 and the expansion of our business in
new territories. In addition
 we continue to seek additional brewing contracts in an effort to utilize a portion of our excess
production capacity. We may also seek additional capital infusions to support our operations.

We
have several loans
 lines of credit
 other credit facilities and lease agreements which are currently outstanding (collectively
&ldquo;Indebtedness&rdquo;). Certain of the agreements governing our Indebtedness contain cross-default provisions which may cause
an event of default under one agreement to result in an event of default under a separate agreement. In addition
 under certain
of the agreements governing our Indebtedness
 a material adverse change in our financial condition may result in an event of default.
In case of an event of default
 the agreements provide the lenders with several rights and remedies
 including
 but not limited
to
 acceleration and termination of the facility
 implementation of default interest rates
 and secured party rights with respect
to the collateral (including the power to sell such collateral). Substantially all of our assets
 including the real property
in Ukiah
 are pledged as collateral pursuant to the terms of the agreements governing our Indebtedness. If we are in default under
our secured credit facilities
 our lenders may seek to satisfy any outstanding obligations through recourse against the applicable
pledged collateral which may include our real property
 and fixed and current assets. The loss of any material pledged asset would
likely have a material adverse effect on our financial position and results of operations.

We
are currently making timely payments of principal and interest relating to our Indebtedness as such Indebtedness becomes due
and anticipate that we will continue to make such timely payments in the immediate future. However
 if we fail to maintain any
of the financial covenants under the various agreements governing our Indebtedness
 fail to make timely payments of amounts due
under our Indebtedness
 or commit any other breach resulting in an event of default
 such events of default (including cross-defaults)
could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition. In case of the acceleration and termination of our existing Indebtedness
we would likely need to obtain replacement financing. If we are unable to obtain such replacement financing
 it may result in
a material adverse effect on our financial condition and our ability to continue operations. In addition
 remedies available to
secured parties relating to our assets that have been pledged as collateral could have a material adverse effect on our financial
conditions and operations.

We
have significantly revamped our operations in the Foreign Territory including
 but not limited to
 improvements in organizational
structure
 changes in customer pricing policy to increase sales realization
 and stricter control on costs and receivables to
improve operational results. We continue to explore new contract brewing opportunities to increase revenue. However
 there can
be no assurance that we will be able to increase sales to provide cash for operating activities. Our future working capital requirements
will depend on many factors
 including the rates of our revenue growth
 our introduction of new products and our expansion of
sales and marketing activities. To the extent our available cash is insufficient to fund our future activities
 we may need to
raise additional funds through bank credit arrangements
 or public or private equity or debt financings. We may also need to raise
additional funds in the event we determine in the future to acquire businesses or significant assets. We may not be able to obtain
bank credit arrangements or to effect an equity or debt financing on terms acceptable to us or at all.

Cash
Flow Results:

Historically
we have funded our operations primarily with proceeds from issuances of preferred stock
 Common Stock
 debt financing
 lease financing
and cash flows from operations.

Net
cash provided by operations was $468
100 and $1
412
600 for 2012 and 2011 respectively. During the year ended December 31
 2012
the primary factors contributing to our calculation of net cash provided by operating activities were non cash expenses consisting
primarily of depreciation expense of $1
090
000
 net decrease in accounts payable and accrued liabilities of $1
223
300 and net
income of $558
400.

During
the year 2012
 the value of our inventory increased by $110
900 compared to increase of $42
900 during the year 2011. Fluctuations
in inventory are normal for our operations and industry and are typically not indicators of any material contributing cause. The
decrease in accounts payable for the year 2012 compared to 2011 was attributable to payments made to Shepherd Neame to bring down
amounts owed.

Increases
and decreases in inventories
 prepaid accounts
 deposits and accrued liabilities over the course of the year are due to normal
operational fluctuations during the year.


    
    


Net
cash used in investing activities was $1
490
900 and $1
009
100
 respectively
 for 2012 and 2011. Such funds were used primarily
for purchases of brewing
 production and packaging equipment in the United States and beer dispensing equipment in the Foreign
Territory.

Net
cash provided by financing activities was $928
600 for 2012 compared to net cash used in financing activities of $173
900 in 2011.
During 2012
 we utilized the line of credit to purchase equipment in the United States and for working capital in the United Kingdom.
Financing activities also include borrowing on long term debt
 debt payments and lease installments. 

DESCRIPTION
OF OUR INDEBTEDNESS:

Cole
Taylor Facility

On
June 23
 2011
 MBC and Releta entered into a Credit and Security Agreement (the &ldquo;Agreement&rdquo;) with Cole Taylor. The
Agreement provides a credit facility
 with a maturity date of June 23
 2016
 of up to $10
000
000 consisting of a $4
119
000 revolving
facility
 a $1
934
000 machinery &amp; equipment term loan
 a $2
947
000 real estate term loan and a $1
000
000 capital expenditure
line of credit. At the time that a loan or advance is made
 the Company may choose
 subject to certain contingencies
 an interest
rate based on either LIBOR or the Wall Street Journal prime rate as follows: (a) with respect to the revolving facility
 either
LIBOR plus a margin of 3.50% or the Wall Street Journal prime rate plus a margin of 1.00%
 (b) with respect to the machinery and
equipment term loan or the capital expenditure term loan
 either LIBOR plus a margin of 4.25% or the Wall Street Journal prime
rate plus a margin of 1.50%
 and (c) with respect to the real estate term loan
 either LIBOR plus a margin of 4.75% or the Wall
Street Journal prime rate plus a margin of 2.00%. The Agreement binds us to certain financial covenants including maintaining
prescribed minimum tangible net worth and prescribed minimum fixed charges coverage. There is a prepayment penalty if we prepay
all of our obligations prior to the maturity date. The credit facility is secured by a first priority security interest in all
of MBC&rsquo;s and Releta&rsquo;s personal property and a first mortgage on our Ukiah
 California property
 among other assets
of MBC and Releta. Our obligations under the Agreement are subject to acceleration upon the occurrence of an event of default
under the Agreement.



 2013
 MBC
and Releta entered into a First Amendment (the &ldquo;Amendment&rdquo;) to the Agreement.


the method by which the fixed charge coverage ratio shall be calculated. To the extent MBC and Releta may have been in breach
of the covenants related to the fixed charge coverage ratio for certain periods
 Cole Taylor Bank has agreed in the Amendment
that such breach is waived and that no event of default has occurred by reason of such breach. The Amendment is attached to this
Annual Report as Exhibit 10.112.

Master
Line of Credit.
 1999
 MBC and UBA
 one of our principal shareholders
 entered into a Master Line of Credit Agreement
which was subsequently amended in April 2000 and February 2001 (the &ldquo;Credit Agreement&rdquo;). The terms of the Credit Agreement
provide us with a line of credit with a principal amount of up to $1
600
000. As of the date of this filing
 UBA has made thirteen
(13) separate advances to us under the Credit Agreement and one additional advance on March 2
 2005 on substantially the same
terms as those under the Credit Agreement
 pursuant to a series of individual eighteen-month promissory notes issued by us to
UBA (the &ldquo;UBA Notes&rdquo;). UBA has executed an Extension of Term of Notes under Master Line of Credit Agreement (the &ldquo;Extension
Agreement&rdquo;). The Extension Agreement confirms UBA&rsquo;s extension of the terms of the UBA Notes for a period ending on
June 30
 2012 with automatic renewals after such maturity date for successive one year terms
 provided that either MBC or UBA
may elect not to extend a term upon written notice given to the other party no more than 60 days and no fewer than 30 days prior
to the expiration of such term. MBC did not receive or deliver a notice of election not to extend the term prior to the expiration
of the period ending June 30
 2012
 so the current term has been extended until June 30
 2013.

The
outstanding principal amount of the notes and the unpaid interest thereon may be converted
 at UBA&rsquo;s discretion
 into shares
of our unregistered Common Stock at a conversion rate of approximately $1.50 per share for the notes issued pursuant to the Credit
Agreement. On December 28
 2001
 we entered into a Confirmation of Waiver with UBA which confirmed that as of August 13
 2001
UBA waived its rights with regard to all conversion rate protection as set forth in the UBA Notes issued by us up to that date.
In 2011
 the principal and interest owed pursuant to the convertible promissory note dated March 2
 2005
 which was not covered
by the Confirmation of Waiver
 was adjusted to $1.44 per share.

As
of December 31
 2012
 the outstanding principal and interest on the UBA Notes was convertible into approximately 2
288
102 shares
of our Common Stock. However
 the current market price of our Common Stock is substantially less than the conversion rate
 and
it is likely that any conversion would occur at market prices at the time of conversion.


    
    


The
UBA Notes require us to make quarterly interest payments to UBA on the first day of April
 July
 October
 and January. To date
UBA has permitted us to capitalize all accrued interest; therefore
 we have borrowed the maximum amount available under the facility.
Upon maturity of any of the UBA Notes
 unless UBA has given us prior instructions to commence repayment of the outstanding principal
balance
 the outstanding principal and accrued but unpaid interest on such Notes may be converted
 at the option of UBA
 into
shares of our Common Stock. If UBA does not elect to so convert any UBA Notes upon maturity
 it has the option to extend the terms
of the UBA Notes for any period of time mutually agreed upon by UBA and us. During the extended term of the UBA Notes
 UBA has
the right to require us to repay the outstanding principal balance
 along with the accrued and unpaid interest thereon
 to UBA
within sixty (60) days.

The
UBA Notes are subordinated to credit facilities extended to us by Cole Taylor pursuant to subordination agreements executed by
UBA. Per the terms of the subordination agreements
 UBA is precluded from demanding repayment of the UBA Notes unless the Cole
Taylor facilities are repaid in full.

During
the fiscal years 2012 and 2011
 the greatest aggregate amount of principal outstanding on the UBA Notes was $1
915
400. No principal

 2013

outstanding principal amount of the UBA Notes was $1
915
400
 and the accrued but unpaid interest thereon was equal to approximately
$1
506
500
 for a total amount outstanding of $3
421
900

298
159 shares

 2013
 UBA beneficially owned approximately 24.5% of our outstanding Common Stock
(excluding any shares issuable upon conversion of the UBA Notes). Our Chairman
 Dr. Vijay Mallya
 is also the Chairman of the
board of directors of UBA.

OTHER
LOANS AND CREDIT FACILITIES

ROYAL
BANK OF SCOTLAND FACILITY: On April 26
 2005
 Royal Bank of Scotland Commercial Services Limited (&ldquo;RBS&rdquo;) provided
KBEL with an approximately $2.8 million (&pound;1
750
000) maximum revolving line of credit with an advance rate based on 80%
of KBEL&rsquo;s qualified accounts receivable. This facility has a minimum maturity of twelve months
 but will be automatically
extended unless terminated by either party upon six months&rsquo; written notice.

SHEPHERD
NEAME LOAN: Shepherd Neame has a contract with KBEL to brew Kingfisher Premium Lager for our European Territory. Shepherd Neame
had advanced a loan of &pound;600
000
 or approximately $960
000
to KBEL
 which was repaid in annual installments of &pound;60
000
or approximately $96
000 per year
 ending in June 2012. The loan
 which is now fully repaid
 carried a fixed interest rate of
5% per year. (For more information about this loan see &ldquo;Item 13. - Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director
Independence &mdash; Loan Agreement&rdquo;.)

WEIGHTED
AVERAGE INTEREST: The weighted average interest rates paid on our debts incurred in connection with the North American Territory
were 4.9% for fiscal year 2012 compared to 5.3% for fiscal year 2011. For loans primarily associated with our Foreign Territory
the weighted average interest rate paid was 3% for fiscal years 2012 and 2011.

KEG
MANAGEMENT ARRANGEMENT: We entered into a keg management agreement (the &ldquo;Keg Agreement&rdquo;) with MicroStar Keg Management
LLC (&ldquo;MicroStar&rdquo;) for a five year term effective September 1
 2009. Under this arrangement
 MicroStar provides us
with half-barrel kegs for which we pay a filling and use fee. Distributors return empty kegs to MicroStar instead of to us. MicroStar
then supplies us with additional kegs. In case of a change of control of MBC during the term of the Keg Agreement
 MicroStar shall
have an option to terminate the Keg Agreement by providing the Company with written notice within 45 days following the effective
date of the change of control. If the Keg Agreement is terminated
 MicroStar shall have an option to require the Company to purchase
four (4) times the average monthly quantity of MicroStar kegs delivered to the Company during the six month period preceding the
effective date of the termination of the Keg Agreement. We anticipate financing the purchase of such kegs through debt or lease
financing
 if available. However
 there can be no assurance that we will be able to finance the purchase of such kegs. Failure
to purchase the necessary kegs from MicroStar upon the termination of the Keg Agreement is likely to have a material adverse effect
on both our business (if we are unable to find a comparable supplier) as well as on our working capital (if we are required to
purchase the kegs upon early termination and are unable to obtain adequate financing).

CURRENT
RATIO: Our ratio of current assets to current liabilities on each of December 31
 2012 and December 31
 2011 was 0.7 to 1.0 and
our ratio of total assets to total liabilities as of those dates was 1.1 to 1.0.


    
    


RESTRICTED
NET ASSETS. Our wholly-owned subsidiary
 UBIUK
 had cumulative losses of approximately $2
339
000 as of December 31
 2012. Under
KBEL&rsquo;s line of credit agreement with Royal Bank of Scotland
 distributions and other payments from our subsidiaries to us
are not permitted if the retained earnings drop below approximately $1
600
000.

RELATED
PARTY TRANSACTIONS: Over the last several years
 MBC and our subsidiaries have entered into or amended several agreements with
affiliated and related entities. Among such agreements have been a Brewing Agreement and a Loan Agreement between KBEL and Shepherd
Neame; a Market Development Agreement
 a Distribution Agreement
 and a Brewing License Agreement between MBC and KBEL; a Distribution
Agreement between UBIUK and KBEL; a Trademark Licensing Agreement between MBC and Kingfisher of America
 Inc.; and a License Agreement
between UBIUK and UB Limited. (For more information on these agreements please see &ldquo;Item 13. &mdash; Certain Relationships
and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence&rdquo;.)

OFF-BALANCE
SHEET ARRANGEMENTS

We
are not involved in any off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a material current or future
impact on our financial condition
 changes in financial condition
 revenues or expenses
 results of operations
 liquidity
 capital
expenditures or capital resources.

CONTRACTUAL
OBLIGATIONS

The
following chart sets forth our contractual obligations as of December 31
 2012.



    

    due by period


    Obligations
    
Less
                                                                                                                                    than
                                                                                

    years

    years
    
                                                                                

    
3
159
700
3
159
700
    
    
    

    
4
432
400
450
000
900
000
3
082
400
    

    
3
200
3
200
    
    
    

    
668
300
320
400
313
100
34
800
    

    
2
472
800
2
155
800
252
400
64
600
    

    
3
407
000
    
    
3
407
000
    

    
14
143
400
6
089
100
1
465
500
6
588
800
    


CRITICAL
ACCOUNTING POLICIES

Our
discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based on our financial statements
 which have
been prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles (&ldquo;GAAP&rdquo;). The preparation
of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets
 liabilities
and expenses and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. We review our estimates on an ongoing basis. We base
our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances
the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities. Actual results may
differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. While our significant accounting policies are described
in more detail in Note 1 to our financial statements
 we believe the following accounting policies to be critical to the judgments
and estimates used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements:

Revenue
Recognition
Codification (&ldquo;ASC&rdquo;) 605 of the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&ldquo;FASB&rdquo;). The Company recognizes
revenue from product sales
 net of discounts.

The
Company recognizes revenue only when all of the following criteria have been met:


Persuasive
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      evidence
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      of
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      an
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      arrangement
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      exists;

Delivery
                                                                                                                                                                                                                        has
                                                                                                                                                                                                                        occurred
                                                                                                                                                                                                                        or
                                                                                                                                                                                                                        services
                                                                                                                                                                                                                        have
                                                                                                                                                                                                                        been
                                                                                                                                                                                                                        rendered;


The
                                                                                                                                                                                                                        fee
                                                                                                                                                                                                                        for
                                                                                                                                                                                                                        the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                        arrangement
                                                                                                                                                                                                                        is
                                                                                                                                                                                                                        fixed
                                                                                                                                                                                                                        or
                                                                                                                                                                                                                        determinable;
                                                                                                                                                                                                                        and

Collectability
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      is
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      reasonably
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      assured.


    
    



&ldquo;Persuasive
Evidence of an Arrangement&rdquo; &ndash; The Company documents all terms of an arrangement in a written contract or purchase
order signed by the customer prior to recognizing revenue.

&ldquo;Delivery
Has Occurred or Services Have Been Performed&rdquo; &ndash; The Company delivers the products prior to recognizing revenue or
performs services as per contractual terms. Product is considered delivered upon delivery to a customer&rsquo;s designated location
and services are considered performed upon completion of Company&rsquo;s contractual obligations.

&ldquo;The
Fee for the Arrangement is Fixed or Determinable&rdquo; &ndash; Prior to recognizing revenue
 an amount is either fixed or determinable
under the terms of the written contract. The price is negotiated at the outset of the arrangement and is not subject to refund
or adjustment during the initial term of the arrangement.

&ldquo;Collectability
is Reasonably Assured&rdquo; &ndash; The Company determines that collectability is reasonably assured prior to recognizing revenue.
Collectability is assessed on a customer-by-customer basis based on criteria outlined by Management. The Company does not enter
into arrangements unless collectability is reasonably assured at the outset. Existing customers are subject to ongoing credit
evaluations based on payment history and other factors. If it is determined during the arrangement that collectability is not
reasonably assured
 revenue is recognized on a cash basis.

The
Company records certain consideration paid to customers for services or placement fees as a reduction in revenue rather than as
an expense. The Company reports these items on the income statement as a reduction in revenue and as a corresponding reduction
in marketing and selling expenses.

Revenues
from the brewpub and gift store are recognized when sales have been completed.

The
Company has agreements with Shepherd Neame to produce
 market and distribute Kingfisher Premium Lager in the United Kingdom. See
Note 10 of the Financial Statements regarding transactions with Shepherd Neame. The Company invoices Shepherd Neame based on an
agreed transfer price per unit
 which is subject to revision upon reconciliations based on contractual formulas.

Allowance
for Doubtful Accounts. 
on historical collection experience and a review of the current status of accounts receivable. We review our accounts receivable
balances by customer for accounts greater than 90 days old and make a determination regarding the collectability of the accounts
based on specific circumstances and the payment history that exists with such customers. We also take into account our prior experience
the customer&rsquo;s ability to pay and an assessment of the current economic conditions in determining the net realizable value
of our receivables. We also review our allowances for doubtful accounts in aggregate for adequacy following this assessment. Accordingly
we believe that our allowances for doubtful accounts fairly represent the underlying collectability risks associated with our
accounts receivable.

.
Inventory consists of raw materials
 work in progress
 and finished goods. Inventory is stated at the lower of cost or market
using the average-cost method. Cost includes the acquisition cost of raw materials and components
 direct labor
 and manufacturing
overhead. We periodically review our inventory for excess or quality issues. Should we conclude that we have inventory for which
we cannot recover our costs as a result of such review
 we would record a charge to cost of goods sold. We record write downs
for excess and obsolete inventory equal to the difference between the cost of inventory and the estimated fair value based on
assumptions about future product life-cycles
 product demand and market conditions. If actual product life cycles
 product demand
and market conditions are less favorable than those projected by Management
 additional inventory write-downs may be required.

Impairment
of Long-Lived Assets.
of ASC 360-10-50
 (Accounting for the Impairment and Disposal of Long-Lived Assets). The Company reviews the carrying value of
property and equipment for impairment whenever events and circumstances indicate that the carrying value of an asset may not be
recoverable from the estimated future cash flows expected to result from its use and eventual disposition. In cases where undiscounted
expected future cash flows are less than the carrying value
 an impairment loss is recognized equal to an amount by which the
carrying value exceeds the fair value of assets. The factors considered by Management in performing this assessment include current
operating results
 trends
 and prospects
 as well as the effects of obsolescence
 demand
 competition
 and other economic factors.
Long-lived assets that Management commits to sell or abandon are reported at the lower of carrying amount or fair value less cost
to sell.


    
    


Foreign
Currency Translation. 
the UK Pound Sterling
 is the functional currency
 are translated into United States dollars using period-end exchange rates for
assets and liabilities and average exchange rates during the period for revenues and expenses. Cumulative translation adjustments
associated with net assets or liabilities are reported as non-owner changes in equity. Any exchange rate gains or losses related
to foreign currency transactions are recognized in the income statement as incurred in the same financial statement caption as
the underlying transaction and are not material for any year shown.

Cash
at UBIUK was translated at exchange rates in effect on December 31
 2012 and 2011
 and its cash flows were translated at the average
exchange rates for the years then ended. Changes in cash resulting from the translations are presented as a separate item in the
statements of cash flows.

Income
Income taxes are accounted for under the asset and liability method. Deferred income tax assets and liabilities
are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement bases and the respective
tax bases of the assets and liabilities and operating loss and tax credit carry forwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities
are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are
expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized
as income in the period that includes the enactment date. Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred
tax assets to the amount expected to be realized
 and have been provided for all periods presented.

The
Company periodically assesses uncertain tax positions that the Company has taken or expects to take on a tax return (including
a decision whether to file or not to file a return in a particular jurisdiction). The Company evaluated its tax positions and
determined that there were no uncertain tax benefits for the years ending December 31
 2012 and 2011.

RECENT
ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS

In
February 2013
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&ldquo;FASB&rdquo;) issued Accounting Standards Update (&ldquo;ASU&rdquo;)
No. 2013-02
 Reporting of Amounts Reclassified Out of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income requiring new disclosures regarding
reclassification adjustments from accumulated other comprehensive income (&ldquo;AOCI&rdquo;). ASU No. 2013-02 requires disclosure
of amounts reclassified out of AOCI in its entirety
 by component
 on the face of the statement of operations or in the notes.
The standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2012. The Company does not believe that the adoption of
this guidance will have a material impact on the Company&rsquo;s consolidated financial statements. The Company plans to adopt
this guidance beginning in the first quarter of 2013.

In
July 2012
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2012-02
 Intangibles-Goodwill and Other (Topic 350) which simplifies the impairment test for
indefinite-lived intangible assets other than goodwill. ASU No. 2012-02 gives the option to first assess qualitative factors to
determine if it is more likely than not that the fair value of an indefinite-lived intangible asset is less than its carrying
amounts as a basis for determining whether it is necessary to perform a quantitative valuation test. ASU No. 2012-02 is effective
for fiscal years and interim periods beginning on or after September 15
 2012. The Company conducted its annual impairment assessment
as of October 1
 which included adoption of this guidance. The adoption of this guidance on October 1
 2012 did not have a significant
impact on the Company&rsquo;s consolidated financial position
 results of operations or cash flows.

Other
recent accounting pronouncements issued by the FASB (including its Emerging Issues Task Force (&ldquo;EITF&rdquo;))
 the American
Institute of Certified Public Accountants (&ldquo;AICPA&rdquo;)
 and the Securities and Exchange Commission (&ldquo;SEC&rdquo;)
did not or are not believed by Management to have a material impact on the Company&rsquo;s present or future financial statements.


QUANTITATIVE
                                                                                                                                                                         AND
                                                                                                                                                                         QUALITATIVE
                                                                                                                                                                         DISCLOSURES
                                                                                                                                                                         ABOUT
                                                                                                                                                                         MARKET
                                                                                                                                                                         RISK.


Not
required for smaller reporting companies.


ITEM
FINANCIAL
                               STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA.

The
information required by this item is set forth on Pages F-1 through F-25 of this Annual Report.


    
    






ITEM
CHANGES
                               IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE.




ITEM
CONTROLS
                                AND PROCEDURES.


EVALUATION
OF DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

Our
Management team
 under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer)
and our Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer)
 evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined under Rule 13a-15(e) promulgated under the Exchange Act) as of the last day of
the fiscal period covered by this Annual Report
 December 31
 2012. The term &ldquo;disclosure controls and procedures&rdquo;
means our controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports
that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported
 within the time periods specified
in the SEC&rsquo;s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include
 without limitation
 controls and procedures designed
to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated
and communicated to Management
 including our principal executive and principal financial officer
 or persons performing similar
functions
 as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based on this evaluation
 our Chief Executive
Officer (principal executive officer) and our Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer) concluded that our disclosure
controls and procedures were effective as of December 31
 2012.

Report
of Management on Internal Control over Financial Reporting

Management
is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial
reporting is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and Rule 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act as a process designed by
 or under the supervision
of
 the issuer&rsquo;s principal executive and principal financial officers
 or persons performing similar functions
 and effected
by the issuer&rsquo;s board of directors
 Management and other personnel
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP and includes
those policies and procedures that:


    
pertain
                                                                                                                                                                                                            to
                                                                                                                                                                                                            the
                                                                                                                                                                                                            maintenance
                                                                                                                                                                                                            of
                                                                                                                                                                                                            records
                                                                                                                                                                                                            that
                                                                                                                                                                                                            in
                                                                                                                                                                                                            reasonable
                                                                                                                                                                                                            detail
                                                                                                                                                                                                            accurately
                                                                                                                                                                                                            and
                                                                                                                                                                                                            fairly
                                                                                                                                                                                                            reflect
                                                                                                                                                                                                            the
                                                                                                                                                                                                            transactions
                                                                                                                                                                                                            and
                                                                                                                                                                                                            dispositions
                                                                                                                                                                                                            of
                                                                                                                                                                                                            the
                                                                                                                                                                                                            assets
                                                                                                                                                                                                            of
                                                                                                                                                                                                            the
                                                                                                                                                                                                            issuer;


    


    
provide
                                                                                                                                                                                      reasonable
                                                                                                                                                                                      assurance
                                                                                                                                                                                      that
                                                                                                                                                                                      transactions
                                                                                                                                                                                      are
                                                                                                                                                                                      recorded
                                                                                                                                                                                      as
                                                                                                                                                                                      necessary
                                                                                                                                                                                      to
                                                                                                                                                                                      permit
                                                                                                                                                                                      the
                                                                                                                                                                                      preparation
                                                                                                                                                                                      of
                                                                                                                                                                                      financial
                                                                                                                                                                                      statements
                                                                                                                                                                                      in
                                                                                                                                                                                      accordance
                                                                                                                                                                                      with
                                                                                                                                                                                      GAAP
                                                                                                                                                                                      and
                                                                                                                                                                                      that
                                                                                                                                                                                      receipts
                                                                                                                                                                                      and
                                                                                                                                                                                      expenditures
                                                                                                                                                                                      of
                                                                                                                                                                                      the
                                                                                                                                                                                      issuer
                                                                                                                                                                                      are
                                                                                                                                                                                      being
                                                                                                                                                                                      made
                                                                                                                                                                                      only
                                                                                                                                                                                      in
                                                                                                                                                                                      accordance
                                                                                                                                                                                      with
                                                                                                                                                                                      authorizations
                                                                                                                                                                                      of
                                                                                                                                                                                      Management
                                                                                                                                                                                      and
                                                                                                                                                                                      directors
                                                                                                                                                                                      of
                                                                                                                                                                                      the
                                                                                                                                                                                      issuer;
                                                                                                                                                                                      and


    


    
provide
                                                                                                                        reasonable
                                                                                                                        assurance
                                                                                                                        regarding
                                                                                                                        the prevention
                                                                                                                        or timely
                                                                                                                        detection
                                                                                                                        of unauthorized
                                                                                                                        acquisition
                                                                                                                        use or
                                                                                                                        disposition
                                                                                                                        of the
                                                                                                                        issuer&rsquo;s
                                                                                                                        assets
                                                                                                                        that could
                                                                                                                        have a
                                                                                                                        material
                                                                                                                        effect
                                                                                                                        on the
                                                                                                                        financial
                                                                                                                        statements.


Because
of our inherent limitations
 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also
 projections
of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes
in conditions or that the degree of compliance with existing policies or procedures may deteriorate.

In
accordance with the internal control reporting requirements of the SEC
 Management completed an assessment of the adequacy of
our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31
 2012. In making this assessment
 Management used the criteria
by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission (COSO) and the SEC&rsquo;s guide entitled &ldquo;Sarbanes-Oxley Section 404: A Guide for Small Business&rdquo;. As
a result of this assessment and based on the criteria in the COSO framework and SEC guidance
 Management has concluded that
 as
of December 31
 2012
 our internal control over financial reporting was effective.


not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting.


provide an attestation report on our internal control over financial reporting because we are not an accelerated filer or a large
accelerated filer.


    
    


CHANGES
IN INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 

There
were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred in the year ended December 31
 2012 that have materially
affected
 or are reasonably likely to materially affect
 our internal control over financial reporting.


ITEM
OTHER
                                INFORMATION.




PART
III


ITEM
DIRECTORS
                                EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE.


The
following table sets forth the names
 ages as of February 28
 2013
 and certain information regarding each of our current directors
and executive officers:



    
    
    
    
    
    
Director
    Since**

Scott
    R. Heldfond *+
    
    
    
    
    
    

Michael
    Laybourn+
    
    
    
    
    
    

Vijay
    Mallya
 Ph.D.
    
    
    
Director
    and Chairman of the Board
    
    

Jerome
    G. Merchant*
    
    
    
    
    
    

Mahadevan
    Narayanan
    
    
    
Chief
    Financial Officer and Secretary
    
    

Sury
    Rao Palamand
 Ph.D.
    
    
    
    
    
    

Kent
    D. Price*+
    
    
    
    
    
    

Yashpal
    Singh
    
    
    
Director
    President and Chief Executive Officer
    
    




    
All
    directors are elected by our shareholders at the Annual Meeting to serve until the following Annual Meeting. Currently
 there
    are no arrangements or understandings between (i) any of the directors and any other person pursuant to which any director
    was or is to be selected as a director or (ii) any of the executive officers and any other person pursuant to which any executive
    officer was or is to be selected as an executive officer. We have entered into an employment agreement with our Chief Executive
    Officer pursuant to which his term of employment has been extended until September 30
 2015. Our Chief Financial Officer does
    not have any set date for the expiration of his term of office.

    
    

    
Member
    of the Audit/Finance Committee.

    
    

    
Member
    of the Compensation Committee.


Mr.
Scott Heldfond joined the Board in January 2005. He was a Director of NASDAQ Insurance Group
 LLC
 a national insurance brokerage
and consulting firm owned by the NASDAQ Stock Market prior to the firm&rsquo;s sale to Aon Risk Services in 2009. Mr. Heldfond
currently services as a Director at Aon Risk Services. Mr. Heldfond has also served as the Managing Partner of eSEED Capital
LLC
 a technology-focused merchant banking firm since 1999. He also served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Frank Crystal
&amp; Co. of California
 a New York-based insurance brokerage firm from 1995 to 1999
 as Chairman of Hales Capital LLC
 an investment
banking firm from 1994 to February 1997 and as President of AON Real Estate &amp; Investments. Mr. Heldfond also served as a Director
of HomeGain
 Inc. (later sold to Classified Ventures)
 a private venture backed company and currently serves as a Director of
UBICS Inc.
 a NASDAQ traded firm that provides information technology staffing and solutions for domestic and international businesses.
Mr. Heldfond also served as a Director of Galoob Toys
 which was the third largest toy manufacturer before its sale to Hasbro.
Mr. Heldfond holds an undergraduate degree from the University of California
 Berkeley and a J.D. from the University of San Francisco
Law School. He is a Mayoral appointed Commissioner of the Health Services Commission of the City and County of San Francisco.
In addition
 he serves as an advisor to or on the board of directors of a number of local
 statewide
 and national charitable
and community service organizations. Mr. Heldfond is the retired Honorary Consul General to the United States for the Republic
of Rwanda. Mr. Heldfond&rsquo;s expertise in risk management and insurance matters
 in particular
 led to his selection as a member
of the Board.


    
    


H.
Michael Laybourn
 co-founder of the Company
 served as the Company&rsquo;s President from its inception in 1983 through December
1999
 and as its Chief Executive Officer from inception through October 1997. Mr. Laybourn was elected as a Director in November
1993 when the Company began the process of converting from a limited partnership to a corporation and served as Chairman of the
Board from June 1994 through October 1997. Mr. Laybourn is a former Vice President of the California Small Brewers Association
and a former Chairman of the board of directors of the Brewers Association of America. Mr. Laybourn holds a Bachelor of Fine Arts
degree from Arizona State University. Mr. Laybourn&rsquo;s expertise in craft brewing
 in particular
 led to his selection as
a member of the Board.

Dr.
Vijay Mallya
 Ph.D.
 became Chairman of the Board in October 1997 and was MBC&rsquo;s Chief Executive Officer until January 2005.
Dr. Mallya is a well known industrialist and the Chairman of UBICS
 Inc.
 United Breweries Limited
 United Spirits Limited
 Whyte
&amp; Makay Limited
 United Breweries (Holdings) Limited (which is the indirect beneficial owner of two of MBC&rsquo;s largest
shareholders (United Breweries of America
 Inc. and Inversiones Mirabel S.A.))
 Kingfisher Airlines Limited
 UB Engineering Limited
Mangalore Chemicals and Fertilizers Ltd.
 and other affiliated companies (collectively the &ldquo;UB Group&rdquo;). The UB Group
is comprised of businesses in the following sectors: alcoholic beverages
 life sciences
 engineering
 agrochemicals
 information
technology
 fertilizers
 print media
 civil aviation and infrastructure development. United Breweries Limited and United Spirits
Limited are two of Asia&rsquo;s leading beer and spirits companies. Dr. Mallya is also a keen sportsman and an ardent aviator
and yachtsman. He participates and supports several sporting activities worldwide
 including the Force India F1 Formula One Motor
Racing Team
 the United East Bengal Football Team and the United Mohun Bagan Football Team. He also sits on the boards and committees
of several foreign companies and organizations including companies comprising the UB Group
 The Institute of Economic Studies
(India)
 the Federation of the Indian Chamber of Commerce and Industries and Motorsports Association of India. Dr. Mallya has
been the recipient of many prestigious awards and accolades
 including being nominated to the Global Leaders of Tomorrow by the
World Economic Forum
 receiving the L&eacute;gion d&rsquo; Honneur from the Government of France in 2008 and the Outstanding Business
Leader Award from the Associated Chambers of Commerce and Industry of India in 2009. Dr. Mallya was recently elected to serve
as a member of the Upper House of the Indian Parliament for the second time. Dr. Mallya holds a Bachelor of Commerce degree from
the University of Calcutta in India and an honorary Doctorate in Business Administration from California Southern University
Santa Ana. Dr. Mallya&rsquo;s knowledge and expertise in the global alcoholic beverage industry were significant in his selection
as a member of the Board as well as his appointment as Chairman.

Jerome
G. Merchant became a director in October 1997 and was Chief Financial Officer of the Company from November 1997 to October 1998.
Mr. Merchant served as the Strategic Planning Consultant to the Chairman&rsquo;s Office of the Company from July 1996 until January
2007. Mr. Merchant is a Managing Director with Kinetic Advisors
 LLC
 a boutique mid-market investment advisory company. He has
over 20 years of experience in investment banking and capital raising transactions. Previously
 he held executive positions at
McGladrey Capital Markets
 Citigroup and MetLife Investors. Mr. Merchant has advised the investment division and clients of Citibank
and Smith Barney
 amongst others. In executive and strategic planning capacities
 he has advised public and private companies
and institutional and high-net worth investors. Between April 1993 and December 2003
 Mr. Merchant served in various senior capacities
for Cal Fed Investments
 a wholly owned subsidiary of Cal Fed Bank. Previously
 Mr. Merchant directed the west coast capital raising
for a private equity group focused on equity oriented management buyouts and strategic acquisitions. He received his B.S. degree
in Managerial Economics-Finance from the University of California
 Davis. Mr. Merchant&rsquo;s expertise in capital raising and
financial markets contributed to his selection as a member of the Board.

Mahadevan
Narayanan joined the company in 2001 as Secretary and Chief Financial Officer. Before joining the Company
 he served the UB Group
(including affiliates of the Company) in India for 17 years as part of the management team in various financial and accounting
capacities. Prior to joining the Company
 Mahadevan Narayanan was employed as Senior Manager of Accounting Services of Herbertsons
Ltd. for six years. He holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Mathematics from Madurai Kamaraj University in India and is an Associate
member of the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India.


    
    


Sury
Rao Palamand became a director of MBC in January 1998. Dr. Palamand is a director and partner of Summit Products
 Inc.
 a beverage
development and consulting company serving the food and beverage industry. He is also a director and partner in the Historic Lemp
Brewery and is involved in the development of microbreweries and brewpubs
 and in the restoration of historic buildings. Dr. Palamand
has over 40 years of experience in the brewing industry and has published numerous scientific and technical papers on beer and
other fermented beverages in various technical journals in the United States and abroad. He is an associate member of the Institute
of Brewing
 London and is a member of several brewing organizations in the United States. In addition
 Dr. Palamand possesses
technical and technological expertise in wine making as well as in the development of soft drinks. Prior to joining the Company
as a director
 Dr. Palamand served as Director of Beer and New Beverage Development at Anheuser-Busch Companies
 Inc. Dr. Palamand
holds a Bachelor of Science degree from the University of Mysore
 India
 a Master of Science degree in Applied Chemistry from
the University of Bombay
 India and a Masters degree in Food Microbiology and a Ph.D. degree in Food and Flavor technology from
Ohio State University
 Columbus
 Ohio. Dr. Palamand is listed in the MARQUIS WHO&rsquo;S WHO in America and in the WHO&rsquo;S
WHO in the Midwest. In particular
 Mr. Palamand&rsquo;s technical expertise in fermented beverages was an important criteria in
his selection as a member of the Board.

Kent
D. Price became a director in January 1998. Kent Price is a founder and President of Parker Price Venture Capital. Mr. Price was
a Rhodes Scholar at Oxford University
 attended the University of Montana
 the University of California
 Los Angeles and Harvard
Business School. Mr. Price is a member of the board of directors of the University of Montana and a member of its Investment Committee.
Mr. Price is the chairman of Fluid Inc.
 a technology enhanced service company that is a leader in the development of eCommerce
sites. Mr. Price has extensive operational experience
 including as Chief Executive Officer of The Chloride Group
 a global battery
company
 Chief Executive Officer of the Bank of San Francisco
 General Manager of Banking
 Finance and Securities Group at IBM
Chief Financial Officer at the Bank of New England
 Executive Vice President of the Bank of America and a senior officer at Citibank.
He has lived and worked in England
 Germany
 Ireland
 Nigeria
 Ivory Coast
 Taiwan
 Hong Kong
 Japan and Singapore as well as
the United States. He has served on various boards of directors of companies based in the UK
 India
 South Africa
 Hong Kong
Taiwan
 China and the United States. Mr. Price currently serves on the board of directors of UBICS (a NASDAQ listed company).
Mr. Price served as a Captain in the United States Air Force. Mr. Price&rsquo;s banking and financial expertise was important
in his selection as a member of the Board.

Yashpal
Singh became a director of MBC in October 1997 and served as the Company&rsquo;s Executive Vice President and Chief Operating
Officer beginning in April 1998. Mr. Singh became the Company&rsquo;s President in January 2000 and its Chief Executive Officer
in January 2005. From May 1997 to March 1998
 Mr. Singh served as Executive Vice-President- Operations for UBA
 one of MBC&rsquo;s
major shareholders. Between 1964 and 1990
 Mr. Singh served in various capacities including as Head Brewer and Chief Executive
Officer of a large alcoholic beverage corporation in India. Between 1990 and 1997
 Mr. Singh also served as Senior Vice President-Operations
for United Breweries Ltd.
 an Indian Corporation
 where he was responsible for the operations of 12 breweries
 the establishment
of new green-field projects
 and technical and operational evaluations of potential acquisition opportunities worldwide. Mr. Singh
holds a Bachelor&rsquo;s degree in Science from Punjab University in India
 a Diploma in Brewing from the Institute of Brewing
and Distilling in London and has extensive training in the fields of Brewing
 Malting
 and Mineral Water Technology. Mr. Singh
is an Associate member of the Institute of Brewing
 London
 a member of the Master Brewers Association of America
 and was a former
executive member of the Managing Committee of the All India Brewer&rsquo;s Association. Mr. Singh has over 47 years of varied
experience in the brewing industry. Mr. Singh&rsquo;s long standing technical and management expertise in brewing led to his selection
as a member of the Board.

FAMILY
RELATIONSHIPS

There
are no family relationships among any of the directors and executive officers.

INVOLVEMENT
IN CERTAIN LEGAL PROCEEDINGS



SECTION
16(a) BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP REPORTING COMPLIANCE

Based
solely on our review of the Forms 3
 4 and 5 furnished to us during and with respect to fiscal year 2012
 we are not aware of
any untimely filing by a director
 officer
 or greater than 10% beneficial owner of the reports required by Section 16(a) of the
Exchange Act during our most recent fiscal year.



    
    






standing Audit/Finance Committee established in accordance with Section 3(a)(58)(A) of the Exchange Act. Jerome G. Merchant
 Scott
R. Heldfond and Kent D. Price serve as the committee members of the Audit/Finance Committee.




that Mr. Kent D. Price
 a member of our Audit/Finance Committee
 is both an independent Director and qualifies as an &ldquo;audit
committee financial expert&rdquo; as that term is defined in the Exchange Act
 and pursuant to the rules and regulations promulgated
by the SEC.




of Ethics that applies to our Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer)
 Chief Financial Officer (chief financial
officer)
 and principal accounting officer. The Code of Ethics is posted on our website at www.mendobrew.com. We intend to disclose
future amendments to certain provisions of our Code of Ethics
 or waivers of such provisions granted to executive officers and
directors on our website within four (4) business days following the date of such amendment or waiver. Any person desiring a free
copy of the Code of Ethics should send a written request to our Secretary
 Mahadevan Narayanan
 at our principal executive office
located at 1601 Airport Road
 Ukiah
 CA 95482.




changes to the procedures by which shareholders may recommend nominees to the Board.






that the following directors qualify as &ldquo;independent&rdquo; in accordance with the published listing requirements of NASDAQ:
Mr. Heldfond
 Mr. Laybourn
 Mr. Palamand
 Mr. Merchant and Mr. Price. Mr. Singh is not &ldquo;independent&rdquo; because he is
an employee of MBC. Dr. Mallya is not independent since he has received payments in excess of the applicable threshold from the
Company during the last three (3) years. Prior to 2007
 Mr. Merchant provided certain consulting services to the Company
 however
given the timing and nature of such services as well as the amount of compensation provided in relation thereto
 the Board has
determined that Mr. Merchant meets the criteria for being an &ldquo;independent director&rdquo;.


both objective tests and a subjective test for determining who is an &ldquo;independent director.&rdquo; The objective tests provide
that a director is not considered independent if he (i) is an employee of the Company (or a parent or subsidiary) (or has been
in the past three (3) years); (ii) has accepted (or a family member has accepted) compensation from the Company in excess of $120
000
during any period of twelve (12) consecutive months within the preceding three (3) year period (subject to certain exceptions);
(iii) has a family member that was employed as an executive officer of the Company (or a parent or subsidiary) during the past
three (3) years; (iv) is (or a family member is) a controlling shareholder or an executive officer of an organization to which
the Company made or received payments in the current year or at any time during the past three (3) years that exceed the greater
of (a) five percent (5%) of the recipient&rsquo;s consolidated gross revenues or (b) $200
000 for that year; (v) is (or has a
family member who is) employed as an executive officer of another entity where at anytime during the past three (3) years any
of the executive officers of the Company serve on the compensation committee of such other entity; or (vi) is (or has a family
member who is) a current partner of the Company&rsquo;s outside auditor who worked on the Company&rsquo;s audit at anytime during
any of the past three (3) years. The subjective test is based on the standard that an independent director must be a person who
lacks a relationship that
 in the opinion of the Board
 would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying
out the responsibilities of a director.


    
    





 the
Company has separated the roles of Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer. From 1997 until January 2005
 Dr. Vijay
Mallya served as both the Chief Executive Officer as well as Chairman of the Board of Directors of MBC. The Board of Directors
believes that the separation of the roles of Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board provides the Company with additional
processes
 controls and oversights that facilitate the functioning of the Board of Directors and its decision-making in the best
interests of MBC and its shareholders. In addition
 the separation of the roles of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer permit
the holders of such offices to focus on the fundamental duties and specialized nature of the respective office. MBC&rsquo;s Chairman
Dr. Vijay Mallya
 and the Board of Directors works together with the Chief Executive Officer to develop MBC&rsquo;s strategic
goals. Dr. Mallya also acts as an international brand ambassador and presides over the Board of Directors meetings at which he
is present. MBC&rsquo;s Chief Executive Officer
 Yashpal Singh
 is responsible for the day-to-day oversight of the MBC&rsquo;s
performance and the brewing operations. Mr. Singh is also responsible for the implementation of MBC&rsquo;s strategic goals. The
Board of Directors may review its leadership structure from time to time and implement any changes that it deems appropriate to
respond to the needs of the Company.




and Compensation Committee play key roles in the Board of Director&rsquo;s risk oversight function as such committee members are
all Non-Employee Directors. The Committee system provides an independent level of protection with regards to MBC&rsquo;s decision-making
processes and an additional mechanism for the oversight of MBC&rsquo;s risk management controls and procedures. The Board of Directors
as a whole will continue to monitor MBC&rsquo;s general and specific risks and take action to manage such risk as it deems appropriate
or necessary.

Board of Directors&rsquo; and Committee
Meetings


ended December 31
 2012
 the Board of Directors held one meeting
 the Audit/Finance Committee held four meetings and the Compensation
Committee held one meeting. No director attended fewer than 75% of the aggregate of the total number of meetings of the Board
of Directors and any committees of which such Director was a member.


of the Board of Directors
 along with the names of the Directors who served as members of each committee during 2012.

.
The Board of Directors has a standing Audit/Finance Committee.


 Price
and Heldfond serve as the members of the Audit/Finance Committee (established in accordance with Section 3(a)(58)(A) of the Exchange
Act). This committee met four times during fiscal year 2012. The Audit/Finance Committee reviews
 acts on
 and reports to the
Board of Directors with respect to various auditing
 accounting and finance matters
 including the selection of the Company&rsquo;s
auditors
 the scope of the annual audits
 the fees to be paid to the auditors
 the performance of the Company&rsquo;s auditors
and the accounting practices of the Company. In the judgment of MBC&rsquo;s Board of Directors
 the members of the Committee are
&ldquo;independent
&rdquo; as that term is defined in Rule 5605(a)(2) of the NASDAQ Listing Rules and also meet the additional
criteria for independence of Audit Committee members set forth in Rule 10A-3(b)(1) under the Exchange Act.

.
Due to its limited size
 the Board of Directors does not have a nominating committee or a committee performing similar functions.
Instead
 all of the Directors participate in the director nomination process. A few of MBC&rsquo;s Directors may not meet the
criteria to qualify as &ldquo;independent&rdquo; under the rules of NASDAQ or under the applicable rules of the other national
securities exchanges.

.
Messrs. Heldfond (Chair)
 Price
 and Laybourn served on MBC&rsquo;s Compensation Committee for the fiscal year ended December
31
 2012. The Compensation Committee considers all matters of compensation with respect to the chief executive officer
 president
any vice president
 and any other senior executive
 and makes recommendations to the Board of Directors regarding the compensation
of such persons. The Compensation Committee also makes determinations with respect to the granting of stock awards to directors
who are also employees of MBC. The Compensation Committee Chair held two meetings during the year 2012.


    
    




ITEM
EXECUTIVE
                                                                   COMPENSATION.





forth the annual compensation of our Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) and Chief Financial Officer (principal
financial officer)
 who are the only MBC employees whose total compensation exceeded $100
000 during the fiscal year ended December
31
 2012.


issued equity shares or stock options as compensation to date.



    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
Stock
                                   Awards
        
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    


    



Other
                                                                                                                               compensation
                                                                                                                               includes
                                                                                                                               use
                                                                                                                               of
                                                                                                                               company
                                                                                                                               vehicle
                                                                                                                               health
                                                                                                                               care
                                                                                                                               reimbursement
                                                                                                                               for
                                                                                                                               the
                                                                                                                               executive
                                                                                                                               and
                                                                                                                               his
                                                                                                                               immediate
                                                                                                                               family
                                                                                                                               and
                                                                                                                               vacation






of the Board determines and administers the compensation for our executive officers. The Compensation Committee reviews and determines
all components of the executive officers&rsquo; compensation
 including making individual compensation decisions and reviewing
and revising compensation guidelines as appropriate. The Compensation Committee also consults with the Chief Executive Officer
regarding revisions to the compensation of the Chief Financial Officer and other non-executive employees
 as appropriate.


Employment Agreement with our Chief Executive Officer that sets forth the terms of his employment and provides for certain benefits.
The term of the agreement was extended to September 30
 2015. We do not currently have an employment agreement in place with our
Chief Financial Officer. We do not have any severance payment arrangements other than with the Chief Executive Officer. We have
agreed to reimburse travel expenses for the Chief Executive Officer and his family to return to their home country upon the termination
of the Chief Executive Officer&rsquo;s employment with us. In addition
 if the Chief Executive Officer is terminated either with
or without cause without 12 months&rsquo; notice
 he is entitled to be paid an amount equal to twelve months of his base salary.
We do not have any payment arrangements that would be triggered by a &ldquo;change in control&rdquo; of MBC.


the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer consists of base salary
 annual cash bonus payments
 health benefits for
the executive officer and his immediate dependent family members
 use of company vehicle
 vacation reimbursement and
 with respect
to the Chief Executive Officer only
 life insurance.


    
    




MBC
selected elements of compensation to provide incentives for its executive officers to relocate to the United States from India.
In so doing
 MBC reviewed the compensation packages of its executive officers at their prior positions in India
 so that comparable
packages could be provided. 




establishes executive officers&rsquo; base salaries on an annual basis. Given our stock performance and financial situation
 there
is currently no salary component directly tied to our stock price or to our financial performance. Effective as of January 1
2012
 the Compensation Committee increased the annual base salary of the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer
to $304
000 and $181
100 respectively.




for the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer also contain a component providing for payment of annual cash
bonuses. Given MBC&rsquo;s past working capital constraints
 the Compensation Committee historically determined that a percentage
of the cash compensation of the executive officers would be in the form of annual cash bonuses that could be disbursed following
the completion of the applicable fiscal year. In the past few years. approximately 10% of the cash compensation paid to each of
the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer was paid in the form of a bonus rather than as salary.

Perquisites and Personal
Benefit


and annual bonus
 the total compensation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer includes perquisites and personal
benefits. The types of perquisites and personal benefits awarded to such officers were determined when each such officer commenced
employment with us and are substantially of the same nature as the perquisites provided to such executive officer by previous
employers. The perquisites available to the executive officers consist of: use of company vehicles
 health care reimbursement
for the executive officer and his immediate family
 reimbursement of certain specified vacation expenses and life insurance.




any equity compensation plans for or provide any form of equity compensation to our executive officers.




 2009
 we
entered into a certain Separation and Severance Agreement (the &ldquo;Agreement&rdquo;) with Mr. Yashpal Singh
 our President
and Chief Executive Officer.


of the Agreement
 upon Mr. Singh&rsquo;s (i) termination of employment for Good Reason (as defined in the Agreement)
 (ii) termination
of employment at the end of the employment term
 (iii) death
 (iv) disability or (v) termination by us without Cause (as defined
in the Agreement)
 he shall be entitled to certain severance benefits and payments. The severance payment shall equal the product
of (x) 2.5 times his average monthly base salary (calculated over the twelve (12) month period preceding the termination event)
multiplied by (y) the number of years (on a pro rated basis) he had been employed by the us at the Termination Date (as defined
in the Agreement); provided
 however
 that the severance payment may not exceed thirty (30) months of Mr. Singh&rsquo;s average
monthly base salary (calculated over the twelve (12) months preceding his termination date). In addition
 we agreed to pay COBRA
premiums for Mr. Singh and his spouse until the earlier of (i) the effective date on which he obtains comparable health insurance
from a subsequent employer or (ii) eighteen (18) months following his Termination Date. Mr. Singh shall also be entitled to accrued
salary
 vacation time and benefits as set forth in Mr. Singh&rsquo;s employment agreement.


is terminated without Cause
 in addition to the severance payment described above
 he shall also receive either (i) 365 days prior
written notice or (ii) a lump sum payment equal to twelve (12) months of his base salary at the rate in place at the Termination
Date (the &ldquo;Notice Payment&rdquo;).


    
    



resignation without Good Reason
 he shall be entitled to accrued salary
 vacation time and benefits set forth in his employment
agreement but shall not be entitled to the severance payment or the Notice Payment.


by us for Cause
 he shall be entitled to (i) accrued salary
 vacation time and benefits as set forth in his employment agreement
and (ii) if we do not provide Mr. Singh at least twelve (12) months prior notice
 the Notice Payment. Mr. Singh shall not be entitled
to the severance payment in case of termination by MBC for Cause.


under the Severance Agreement shall be paid in equal installments by the Company over a 20 month period. The receipt of payments
is contingent on Mr. Singh executing a release of claims for the benefit of the Company.


the potential amounts payable to Mr. Singh under the Severance Agreement
 assuming a termination date of December 31
 2012
 Mr.
Singh would have received the following approximate amounts of compensation for the applicable triggering event: termination by
the Company for Cause - $304
000; completion of term of Employment Agreement - $760
100 plus COBRA payments; termination due to
disability or death - $760
100 plus COBRA payments; termination by Mr. Singh for Good Reason - $760
100 plus COBRA payments; or
termination by the Company without Cause - $1
064
100 plus COBRA payments.


Agreement and Severance Agreement with Mr. Singh
 MBC does not currently maintain any other retirement plans nor provide any post-retirement
benefits to any employee or executive officer.


have an employment agreement in place with its Chief Financial Officer
 but may enter into an employment agreement with such executive
officer in the future.

DIRECTORS&rsquo; COMPENSATION FOR THE YEAR
2012


 Chairman
of the Board
 is paid $120
000 per year by MBC for services rendered as Chairman
 and &pound;89
600 per year (approximately $143
700
in United States dollars at the average exchange rate for the year 2012) by UBIUK for promoting our products in the Foreign Territory
outside the United Kingdom.


1
 2012
 the Board adopted an amendment to the directors compensation plan (as amended
 the &ldquo;Amended and Restated Directors&rsquo;
Compensation Plan&rdquo;) with respect to the compensation of Non-Employee (as defined therein) members of the Board for their
services as directors. The Amended and Restated Directors&rsquo; Compensation Plan was subsequently approved by the shareholders
in January 2013. Under the terms of the Amended and Restated Directors&rsquo; Compensation Plan
 each Non-Employee director receives
a fixed annual retainer of $15
000 as well as additional fees of $1
250 per meeting of the Board and $1
250 per committee meeting
attended. The chairs of the Compensation Committee and the Audit/Finance Committee each receive $4
500 in fees for acting as chairpersons
of such committees. In addition
 each Non-Employee Director on January 1 of each calendar year during the five year period commencing
January 1
 2012 and ending December 31
 2016 shall receive an addition $2
000 per year.



    
    
    
    Earned 
    or Paid
    in Cash

    
    
Stock
                                   Awards
        
    
    
Option
                                   Awards
        
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    

    at $1
250 per meeting
 $15
000 fixed annual retainer
 $2
000 additional fixed retainer and $4
500 for acting as Chairman of
    Audit Committee. $6
750 of such fee was paid in the first quarter of 2013.




    
    




    

000 and $2
000 additional fixed retainer. $5
000
    of such fee was paid in the first quarter of 2013.

    
    

    
Fee for attending one Board meeting
        and four committee meetings calculated at $1
250 per meeting
 $15
000 fixed annual retainer and $2
000 additional fixed
        retainer. $6
250 of such fee was paid in the first quarter of 2013.
        

    
    

    

    at $1
250 per meeting
 $15
000 fixed annual retainer
 $2
000 additional fixed retainer and $4
500 for acting as Chairman of
    Compensation Committee. $7
000 of such fee was paid in the first quarter of 2013.

    
    



    

000 and $2
000 additional fixed retainer. $5
000
    of such fee was paid in the first quarter of 2013.


COMPENSATION COMMITTEE INTERLOCKS AND
INSIDER PARTICIPATION 


 Price and Laybourn
served on MBC&rsquo;s Compensation Committee for the fiscal year ended December 31
 2012. Mr. Laybourn served as MBC&rsquo;s President
from inception in 1983 through December 1999 and its Chief Executive Officer from inception until October 1997. No member of the
Compensation Committee or executive officer of the Company has a relationship that would constitute an interlocking relationship
with executive officers or directors of another entity.

Compensation
Committee REPORT


Committee has reviewed and discussed with Management the Compensation Discussion and Analysis contained in this Annual Report
on Form 10-K. Based on the Compensation Committee&rsquo;s review of and discussions with Management with respect to the Compensation
Discussion and Analysis
 our Committee recommended to the Board of Directors that the Compensation Discussion and Analysis be
included in MBC&rsquo;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31
 2012.









ITEM
SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT
                                AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS.





Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans is provided in Item 5 above.


    
    



known to the Company regarding the beneficial ownership of MBC&rsquo;s Common Stock and Series A Preferred Stock as of February
28
 2013
 for each shareholder known by us to own beneficially 5% or more of the outstanding shares of our Common Stock or Series
A Preferred Stock:




    


    and Address
Amount
    and 
    
    
    

    of 
    Class

    
    
    


 Inc. 
    
 CA 94965
3
087
818
    

6th Floor
    Samuel Lewis Avenue 
 El Dorado 
 Panama
5
500
000
    

100/1
 Richmond Road
 
    - 560 025
 India
8
587
818
(2)
(3)
    

United Breweries of America
 Inc. 
    
 CA 94965
8
587
818
(4
                                                                                        )
    




of ownership are based on 12
611
133 shares of Common Stock outstanding as of February 28
 2013.


298
159
shares issuable to UBA upon conversion of certain convertible notes issued by MBC to UBA under a Master Line of Credit Agreement
(For additional information
 see &ldquo;Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions&rdquo;). UBHL is the ultimate
beneficiary of substantially all of the shares owned by both UBA and Inversiones.


held by our two largest shareholders
 UBA and Inversiones. UBHL is the beneficial owner of UBA and Inversiones because they are
both controlled by Rigby International Corp.
 a company registered in the British Virgin Island
 with primary offices at Vanterpool
Plaza
 2nd Floor
 Wickhams Cay I
 Road Town
 Tortola
 British Virgin Island 2 and a mailing address c/o CAS SA
 12-14 Avenue
Riverdil
 CH-1260
 Lyon
 Switzerland
 (&ldquo;Rigby&rdquo;). Rigby is a wholly-owned subsidiary of UBHL.


indirectly held by UBHL. Does not include 2
298
159 shares issuable to UBA upon conversion of certain convertible notes issued
by MBC to UBA described in footnote (2) above. Dr. Mallya disclaims beneficial ownership of the reported securities except to
the extent of his pecuniary interest therein.


forth certain information known to the Company regarding the beneficial ownership of MBC&rsquo;s Common Stock and Series A Preferred
Stock as of February 28
 2013
 for each director
 each executive officer
 and all directors and executive officers of MBC as a
group. Except as otherwise noted
 we believe that the beneficial owners of the Common Stock and Series A Preferred Stock listed
below
 based on information furnished by such owners
 have sole investment and voting power with respect to such shares
 subject
to community property laws where applicable.




    of Management

    
    
    
Amount and
    Nature
    
    
    
    
    

    of 
    

    
    
    

587

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

388

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    



the class.


    
    




of ownership are based on (i) 12
611
133 shares of Common Stock outstanding as of December 31
 2012 and (ii) 227
600 shares of
Series A Preferred Stock outstanding as of February 28
 2013.


indirectly held by UBHL. Does not include 2
298
159 shares issuable to UBA upon conversion of certain convertible notes issued
by MBC to UBA described in footnote (2) of Table 1 above. Dr. Mallya disclaims beneficial ownership of the reported securities
except to the extent of his pecuniary interest therein.


a revocable trust for the benefit of Mr. Palamand&rsquo;s immediate family and lineal descendants. Mr. Palamand serves as the
trustee of the trust.




currently known to us which may result in a change in control of our Company at a future date.



ITEM
CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS
 AND DIRECTOR
                                INDEPENDENCE.



we were a participant in the following transactions in which (i) the amount involved exceeded the lesser of (A) $120
000
 or (B)
one percent of the average of our total assets at year end for the last two completed fiscal years and (ii) a related person had
or will have a direct or indirect material interest:




 1999
 MBC
and UBA
 one of our principal shareholders
 entered into a Master Line of Credit Agreement
 which was subsequently amended in
April 2000 and February 2001 (the &ldquo;Credit Agreement&rdquo;). The terms of the Credit Agreement provide us with a line of
credit in a principal amount of up to $1
600
000. We have executed an Extension of Term of Notes under the Master Line of Credit
Agreement (the &ldquo;Extension Agreement&rdquo;) with UBA. The UBA Notes have been extended until June 2012 with automatic renewals
after such maturity date for successive one year terms
 provided that either the Company or UBA may elect not to extend the term
upon written notice given to the other party no more than 60 days and no fewer than 30 days prior to the expiration of such term.
No notice of election not to extend the term was received prior to the expiration of the period ending June 30
 2012
 so the current
term has been extended until June 30
 2013.


(13) promissory notes to UBA pursuant to the Credit Agreement between the Company and UBA and one note on substantially similar
terms to UBA
 but unrelated to the Credit Agreement
 between September 1999 and March 2005. On December 28
 2001
 we entered into
a Confirmation of Waiver with UBA which confirmed that as of August 13
 2001
 UBA waived its rights with regard to the conversion
rate protection set forth in the UBA Notes then outstanding. Such waiver does not apply to the single note issued to UBA that
was not related to the Credit Agreement on March 2
 2005. The aggregate outstanding principal amount of the UBA Notes as of December
31
 2012 was $1
915
400
 and the accrued but unpaid interest thereon was equal to approximately $1
491
600
 for a total amount
due of $3
407
000.


    
    



amount of the notes and the unpaid interest thereon may be converted
 at UBA&rsquo;s discretion
 into shares of our unregistered
Common Stock at a conversion rate of $1.50 per share for the notes issued pursuant to the Credit Agreement and $1.44 for the note
issued on March 2
 2005. As of December 31
 2012
 the outstanding principal and interest on the UBA Notes was convertible into
2
288
102 shares of our Common Stock.


 2013
the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the UBA Notes was $1
915
400
 and the accrued but unpaid interest thereon was equal
to approximately $1
506
500. As of February 28
 2013
 the entire amount of the outstanding principal and accrued but unpaid interest
owed with respect to the UBA Notes was convertible into 2
298
159 shares of our Common Stock. As of February 28
 2013
 UBA beneficially
owns approximately 24.5% of our outstanding Common Stock (excluding any shares issuable upon the conversion of the notes issued
to UBA). Our Chairman
 Dr. Vijay Mallya
 is also the Chairman of the board of directors of UBA. During each of fiscal years 2012
and 2011
 the largest aggregate amount of principal outstanding was $1
915
400. No principal or interest was paid during fiscal
year 2012 or 2011.




 we entered
into a Kingfisher Trademark and Trade Name License Agreement with Kingfisher America
 Inc.
 a Delaware corporation affiliated
with UB Limited
 pursuant to which we obtained a royalty-free
 exclusive license to use the Kingfisher trademark and trade name
in connection with the brewing and distribution of beer in the United States. This agreement will remain in effect for as long
as the Distribution Agreement (described below) between UBIUK and KBEL remains in effect. The Distribution Agreement is scheduled
to expire in October 2018 but
 pursuant to its amended terms
 will no longer provide brewing and distribution rights in the United
States. The Company plans to negotiate arrangements to continue to brew and distribute beer using the Kingfisher trademark. If
the Company cannot obtain the right to brew and distribute beer using the Kingfisher trademark on commercially reasonable terms
our results of operations
 cash flows and financial position may be materially adversely affected.


the Board
 Dr. Vijay Mallya
 is also the Chairman of the board of directors of UB Limited
 the transactions represented by this
license agreement may be deemed to be related party transactions.


license agreement cannot be accurately estimated.

Shepherd Neame
 Ltd.


below
 our principal European subsidiary
 KBEL
 is a party to a Brewing Agreement and a Loan Agreement with Shepherd Neame. Shepherd
Neame and the Company may be deemed to be related parties with respect to the Brewing Agreement and the Loan Agreement because
Mr. R.H.B. Neame (the Chairman of the board of directors of Shepherd Neame) was also our director at the time when the Brewing
Agreement and the Loan Agreement were entered into and when the Brewing Agreement was subsequently amended. Further
 Mr. David
Townshend (a senior Shepherd Neame employee) was serving as the President of KBEL (pursuant to an agreement between KBEL and Shepherd
Neame) and was also our director at the time when the Brewing Agreement and the Loan Agreement were entered into and when the
Brewing Agreement was subsequently amended.




 1998
 UBIUK
and KBEL originally entered into a Brewing Agreement with Shepherd Neame
 and on October 24
 2001
 this agreement was amended
by a Supplemental Agreement (together
 the &ldquo;Brewing Agreement&rdquo;).


which was entered into (and amended) in conjunction with the Loan Agreement described below
 grants to Shepherd Neame the exclusive
right to brew
 keg
 bottle
 can
 label
 and package all beers and related products sold under the Kingfisher trademark in the
United Kingdom
 and distribute such products elsewhere in the Foreign Territory. UBIUK and KBEL further agreed that they would
require any other distributor of such products (subject to applicable laws and regulations) to obtain such products directly from
a company related to UBIUK or our subsidiaries and to refrain from seeking customers
 or establishing a distribution network for
such products
 in the United Kingdom. In exchange
 Shepherd Neame agreed to brew and/or supply Kingfisher Premium Lager and related
products to KBEL for destinations within (and
 with the consent of Shepherd Neame
 outside) the United Kingdom. The price KBEL
pays to Shepherd Neame for brewing Kingfisher Premium Lager for distribution in the United Kingdom is set by a formula which varies
according to the applicable duty on Kingfisher Premium Lager and other factors. Purchases from Shepherd Neame by KBEL equaled
approximately $16
192
200 and $17
310
000 during the years 2012 and 2011 at the average exchange rate in effect during 2012 and
2011 respectively. Our Brewing Agreement with Shepherd Neame expires in October 2013.


    
    



Brewing Agreement cannot be accurately estimated.




Brewing Agreement described above
 KBEL and Shepherd Neame entered into a Loan Agreement
 under which on or about October 24
2001
 Shepherd Neame advanced to KBEL &pound;600
000 (the full amount available under the Loan Agreement)
 at a fixed interest
rate of 5%
 for general corporate purposes. This loan was paid in ten annual installments of &pound;60
000 each
 commencing on
June 30
 2003 and ending on June 2012
 and is now fully paid. The aggregate amount of principal paid during each of 2012 and 2011
was &pound;60
000 in each year
 or $95
100 and $96
300 at the annual average exchange rate during 2012 and 2011
 respectively.
The largest amount of principal outstanding was &pound;60
000
 or $95
100 at the average annual exchange rate
 in fiscal year
2012
 and &pound;120
000
 or $192
500 at the average annual exchange rate
 in fiscal year 2011. The interest paid on such loan
was $2
400 in 2012 and $7
200 in 2011.




Agreement with its wholly-owned subsidiary KBEL on October 9
 1998. Under this agreement
 which was subsequently amended by a
Supplemental Agreement dated as of October 24
 2001 and a deed of variation dated March 11
 2013 and effective October 9
 2013
(together
 the &ldquo;Distribution Agreement&rdquo;)
 UBIUK granted KBEL an exclusive sublicense for the distribution of all lager
and other beer products brewed or prepared for sale in the United States and the Foreign Territory
 and a sublicense to use the
Kingfisher trademark and trade name
 to manufacture
 package
 market
 distribute
 and sell beer and other products using the Kingfisher
trademark and logo
 and to enter into a Brewing License Agreement described below. The Distribution Agreement
 which also requires
KBEL to pay UBIUK a royalty fee of 50 British pence (approximately $0.80 at the average exchange rates in effect during fiscal
year 2012) for every 100 liters (26 gallons) of beer brewed for sale in the Foreign Territory
 will expire
 with respect to the
Foreign Territory sublicense
 in October 2018. The sublicense with respect to the United States expires in October 2013. The royalty
due to UBIUK for the year 2012 was approximately $61
700 and for the year 2011 was approximately $67
500.




2001
 MBC entered into a Brewing License Agreement with KBEL
 under the terms of which KBEL granted us an exclusive license to
brew and distribute Kingfisher Premium Lager
 in exchange for a royalty
 payable to KBEL
 of eighty cents ($0.80) for each case
of Kingfisher Premium Lager sold by us under this agreement. The Brewing License Agreement expires pursuant to its terms in October
2018. Prior to October 9
 2013
 the Brewing License Agreement covers the United States. Pursuant to a deed of variation
 after
October 9
 2013
 the territories covered by the Brewing License Agreement are Canada and the Caribbean Islands. MBC plans to make
arrangements to continue to brew and distribute Kingfisher Premium Lager in the United States after October 9
 2013. If MBC cannot
make such arrangements on commercially reasonable terms
 our results of operations
 cash flows and financial position may be materially
adversely affected. The royalty due to KBEL pursuant to the Brewing License Agreement for the year 2012 was approximately $134
000
and for the year 2011 was approximately $124
700.




Brewing Licenses Agreement described above
 MBC and KBEL entered into a Market Development
 General and Administrative Services
Agreement (the &ldquo;Market Development Agreement&rdquo;)
 under the terms of which KBEL engaged MBC to perform a variety of
advertising
 promotional
 and other market development activities in the United States in connection with Kingfisher beer and
related consumer products (the &ldquo;Products&rdquo;)
 provide certain legal and business management support services to KBEL
and provide assistance with the establishment and management of distribution channels for the Products in the United States. In
consideration for the services received under this agreement
 KBEL agreed to pay service fees to MBC amounting in the aggregate
to $1
500
000 over the period from 2001 through 2003. Such payments have been made in full and no additional payments are anticipated
to be made in the future. The Market Development Agreement expires pursuant to its terms in 2013.


    
    



which owns 24.5% of MBC&rsquo;s Common Stock
 and Inversiones
 which owns 43.6% of MBC&rsquo;s Common Stock. UBHL is the ultimate
beneficial owner of UBA and Inversiones because both UBA and Inversiones are controlled by Rigby International Corp
 a wholly-owned
subsidiary of UBHL.




that the following directors qualify as &ldquo;independent&rdquo; in accordance with the published listing requirements of NASDAQ:
Mr. Heldfond
 Mr. Laybourn
 Mr. Palamand
 Mr. Merchant and Mr. Price. Mr. Singh is not &ldquo;independent&rdquo; because he is
our employee. Dr. Mallya is not independent since he has received payments in excess of $100
000 from us during a consecutive
twelve (12) months within the preceding three (3) year period.


both objective tests and a subjective test for determining who is an &ldquo;independent director&rdquo;. The objective tests provide
that a director is not considered independent if he (i) is an employee of the Company (or has been in the past three (3) years);
(ii) has accepted (or a family member has accepted) compensation from the Company in excess of $100
000 during any twelve (12)
consecutive months within the preceding three (3) year period (subject to certain exceptions); (iii) has a family member that
was employed as an executive officer of the Company during the past three (3) years; (iv) is (or a family member is) a controlling
shareholder or an executive officer of an organization to which we made or received payments that exceed the greater of (a) five
percent (5%) of the recipient&rsquo;s consolidated gross revenues for that year or (b) $200
000 for the current year or the preceding
three (3) years. The subjective test is based on the standard that an independent director must be a person who lacks a relationship
that
 in the opinion of the Board
 would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities
of a director.


does not have a nominating committee or a committee performing similar functions. Instead
 all of the Directors participate in
the director nomination process. As discussed above
 Mr. Singh and Dr. Mallya are not &ldquo;independent&rdquo; directors under
the NASDAQ standards for independence.




24.5% and 43.6% of the outstanding shares of our Common Stock
 respectively
 as of February 28
 2013. UBA has also advanced us
the principal amount of $1
915
400 under separate convertible notes. As of February 28
 2013 the principal amount outstanding
on the notes together with the accrued interest was convertible into approximately 2
298
200 shares of our Common Stock. Because
UBHL is the ultimate parent of both UBA and Inversiones
 UBHL is the ultimate beneficiary of 68.1% the shares of our Common Stock.
Refer to &ldquo;Item 12 - Security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management and related stockholder matters&rdquo;
above.



ITEM
14.



RBSM
 LLP (&ldquo;RBSM&rdquo;)
 as our independent auditors to perform the audit of our financial statements for the year 2012.


 L.L.P.
(&ldquo;PMB&rdquo;)
 our previously appointed independent auditors
 performed the audit of our financial statements for the year
2011.


fees billed by PMB during the year 2012 for the audit of our annual consolidated financial statements was $97
000; fees of an
additional $45
000 were billed to us during 2012 in connection with PMB&rsquo;s review of interim financial statements in connection
with our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for that year. The fees described in this paragraph represented approximately 89% of the
total fees for services billed to us by PMB during 2012.


by PMB during the year 2011 for the audit of our annual consolidated financial statements was $93
000; fees of an additional $45
000
were billed to us during 2011 in connection with PMB&rsquo;s review of interim financial statements in connection with our Quarterly
Reports on Form 10-Q for that year. The fees described in this paragraph represented approximately 89% of the total fees for services
billed to us by PMB during 2011.


    
    



did not bill us any amount in fees for assurance or related services in 2012 or 2011.


fees billed by PMB during 2012 for tax products and services related to the preparation of our tax returns other than those described
in the foregoing paragraphs
 was $17
500. Such fees represented approximately 11% of the total fees for services rendered to us
by PMB during 2012.


by PMB during 2011 for tax products and services related to the preparation of our tax returns
 other than those described in
the foregoing paragraphs
 was $17
500. Such fees represented approximately 11% of the total fees for services rendered to us by
PMB during 2011.


not bill us for any amount towards fees for services other than those mentioned above during the years 2012 and 2011.


performed by RBSM and PMB on our behalf are approved in advance by our Audit Committee.


any significant amount of the work done during the course of the audit of our 2012 and 2011 Financial Statements was performed
by persons other than full-time
 permanent
 employees of RBSM and PMB as applicable.



ITEM
15.




    
    

    
    



    
    
    





 2012 and 2011


for the Years Ended December 31
 2012 and 2011


Ended December 31
 2012 and 2011


31
 2012 and 2011





    
    

    8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K are listed above. All other financial statement schedules are omitted because they were
    not required or the required information is included in the Financial Statements or Notes thereto.



    
    





    
    
    




    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

 Inc. as amended.

    
    
    
    

 Inc.
 as amended.

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

 Inc. and Bay
    Area Distributing.

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

 Inc.

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    as Exhibit 19.2).

    
    
    
    

 Inc. and Releta Brewing
    Company LLC.

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    95-19 with the City of Ukiah
 California (previously filed as Exhibit19.6).

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    County.

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

 Inc.

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

 Inc.
 United Breweries
    of America
 Inc.
 H. Michael Laybourn
 Norman Franks
 Michael Lovett
 John Scahill
 and Don Barkley.

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

 Inc. and United
    Breweries of America Inc. dated August 31
 1999.

    
    
    
    

 1999.

    
    
    
    

    1999.

    
    
    
    

    1999.

    
    
    
    

    1999.



    
    




    
    
    
    

    of America Inc. dated December 31
 1999.

    
    
    
    

    Inc. dated February 16
 2000.

    
    
    
    

    Inc. dated February 17
 2000.

    
    
    
    

    Inc. dated April 28
 2000.

    
    
    
    

    between Mendocino Brewing Company
 Inc. and United Breweries of America
 Inc.
 dated April 28
 2000.

    
    
    
    

    Inc. dated September 11
 2000.

    
    
    
    

    Inc. dated September 30
 2000.

    
    
    
    

    Inc. dated December 31
 2000.

    
    
    
    

    Inc. dated February 12
 2001.

    
    
    
    

    Inc. dated July 1
 2001.

    
    
    
    

    Inc. and United Breweries of America
 Inc.
 dated as of December 28
 2001.

    
    
    
    

    Agreement between Mendocino Brewing Company
 Inc. and United Breweries of America
 Inc.
 dated February 14
 2002.

    
    
    
    

    and United Breweries International (U.K.)
 Limited.

    
    
    
    

    United Breweries Limited and United Breweries International (U.K.)
 Limited.

    
    
    
    

    (U.K.)
 Limited. and KBEL
 Ltd.

    
    
    
    

    United Breweries International (U.K.)
 Limited and KBEL
 Ltd.

    
    
    
    

 General and Administrative Services
    Agreement between Mendocino Brewing Company
 Inc. and KBEL
 Ltd.

    
    
    
    

    Shepherd Neame
 Limited
 United Breweries International (U.K.)
 Limited. and KBEL
 Ltd.

    
    
    
    

    Kingfisher Products among Shepherd Neame
 Limited
 United Breweries International (U.K.)
 Limited and KBEL
 Ltd.

    
    
    
    

 Limited and
    KBEL
 Ltd.

    
    
    
    

 Ltd. and Mendocino
    Brewing Company
 Inc.

    
    
    
    

    between Kingfisher of America
 Inc. and Mendocino Brewing Company
 Inc.

    
    
    
    

    Master Line of Credit Agreement between Mendocino Brewing Company
 Inc. and United Breweries of America
 Inc.
 dated November
    13
 2002.

    
    
    
    

    Master Line of Credit Agreement between Mendocino Brewing Company
 Inc. and United Breweries of America
 Inc.
 dated March
    31
 2003.

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    Master Line of Credit Agreement
 dated August 14
 2003.



    
    




    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

 1998 between KBEL
    Ltd. and Shepherd Neame
 Ltd.

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    Inc. in favor of United Breweries of America
 Inc.
 dated March 2
 2005.

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    of Scotland Commercial Services Limited and KBEL Limited
 dated April 26
 2005.

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    Inc. and Grand Pacific Financing Corporation dated June 28
 2006.

    
    
    
    

 Inc.
    in favor of Grand Pacific Financing Corporation
 dated June 28
 2006.

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    Business Credit Inc. and Mendocino Brewing Company
 Inc. and Releta Brewing Company
 LLC
 dated November 16
 2006.

    
    
    
    

 Inc. and
    Releta Brewing Company
 LLC in favor of Marquette Business Credit Inc.
 dated November 16
 2006.

    
    
    
    

 Inc. and Releta
    Brewing Company
 LLC in favor of Marquette Business Credit Inc.
 dated November 16
 2006.

    
    
    
    

 Inc. and Releta
    Brewing Company
 LLC in favor of Marquette Business Credit Inc.
 dated November 16
 2006.

    
    
    
    

    Master Line of Credit Agreement
 effective August 31
 2005.

    
    
    
    

    Master Line of Credit Agreement
 effective December 31
 2006.

    
    
    
    

 effective
    December 31
 2006.

    
    
    
    

    Master Line of Credit Agreement effective June 30
 2007.

    
    
    
    

 effective
    June 30
 2007.

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    Master Line of Credit Agreement
 effective June 30
 2008.

    
    
    
    

 effective
    June 30
 2008.

    
    
    
    

 as amended (Management
    Contract).

    
    
    
    

    Line of Credit effective June 30
 2009.

    
    
    
    

 effective
    June 30
 2009

    
    
    
    

    Company and Yashpal Singh
 effective August 27
 2009 (Management Contract).

    
    
    
    
Keg
    Management Agreement by and between MicroStar Keg Management
 LLC and the Company effective September 1
 2009

    
    
    
    

 2009 between Stewart&rsquo;s
    Shop Corp. and Releta Brewing Company LLC.



    
    




    
    
    
    

    under Master Line of Credit Agreement
 effective June 30
 2010.

    
    
    
    

 effective
    June 30
 2010.

    
    
    
    

    Contract).

    
    
    
    

    Breweries (Holdings) Limited
 dated March 25
 2010.

    
    
    
    

    Breweries (Holdings) Limited
 dated February 15
 2011.

    
    
    
    

    dated as of April 29
 2011 by Marquette Business Credit
 Inc.
 Mendocino Brewing Company
 Inc. and Releta Brewing Company
    LLC.

    
    
    
    

    2011 between Cole Taylor Bank
 Mendocino Brewing Company
 Inc. and Releta Brewing Company
 LLC.

    
    
    
    

    June 30
 2011.

    
    
    
    

    Master Line of Credit Agreement effective June 30
 2011.

    
    
    
    

    Plan (Management Contract).

    
    
    
    

    Europe Limited by United Breweries (Holdings) Limited
 dated March 2
 2012.

    
    
    
    

    Plan (Management Contract).

    
    
    
    

    March 29
 2013 by and among Cole Taylor Bank
 Mendocino Brewing Company
 Inc. and Releta Brewing Company
 LLC.

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a).

    
    
    
    

    Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a).

    
    
    
    

    U.S.C. 1350.

    
    
    
    

    U.S.C. 1350.

    
    
    
    

    Europe Limited by United Breweries (Holdings) Limited
 dated March 22
 2013.

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


Certain portions have been omitted and have
been filed separately with the SEC pursuant to a request for confidential treatment under Rule 24b-2 as promulgated under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934.

: Each Exhibit listed above that is annotated with
one or more of the following letters is incorporated by reference from the following sources:



    
    

 1994
 as amended
 previously filed with the
    Commission
 Registration No. 33-78390-LA.

    
    

 1995.

    
    

 1995.

    
    

 1997.



    
    

 1996.

    
    

 1995.



    
    




    
    

 1997.

    
    

 1997
 by United Breweries of America
 Inc. and Vijay Mallya.

    
    

 1998.

    
    

 1999
 by United Breweries of America
 Inc.
    and Vijay Mallya.

    
    

 2000
 by United Breweries of America
 Inc. and Vijay
    Mallya.

    
    

 2001
 by United Breweries of America
 Inc.
    and Vijay Mallya.

    
    

 2001
 by United Breweries of America
 Inc. and
    Vijay Mallya.

    
    

 2002.

    
    

 2001.

    
    

 2003
 by United Breweries of America
 Inc. and
    Vijay Mallya.

    
    

 2003.

    
    

 2003 by United Breweries of America
 Inc. and
    Dr. Vijay Mallya.

    
    

 2004.

    
    

 2005.

    
    

 2005.

    
    

 2006.

    
    

 2006.

    
    

 2007.

    
    

 2007.

    
    

 2008.

    
    

 2008.

    
    

 2009.

    
    

 2009.

    
    

 2009.

    
    

 2010.

    
    

 2010.

    
    

 2010.

    
    

 2010.

    
    
    

    
    

 2011.

    
    

 2010.

    
    

 2011.

    
    

 2012.

    
    
    



    
    

    
    



    
    

 2013 by and among Cole Taylor
    Bank
 Mendocino Brewing Company
 Inc. and Releta Brewing Company
 LLC.

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    

    Limited
 dated March 22
 2013.*



    
    




    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



    
    




Filed



Furnished



Pursuant
                                                                                                                         to Rule
                                                                                                                         406T
                                                                                                                         of Regulation
                                                                                                                         S-T
                                                                                                                         the interactive
                                                                                                                         data
                                                                                                                         files
                                                                                                                         on Exhibit
                                                                                                                         101 hereto
                                                                                                                         are deemed
                                                                                                                         not filed
                                                                                                                         or part
                                                                                                                         of a
                                                                                                                         registration
                                                                                                                         statement
                                                                                                                         or prospectus
                                                                                                                         for purposes
                                                                                                                         of Sections
                                                                                                                         11 or
                                                                                                                         12 of
                                                                                                                         the Securities
                                                                                                                         Act of
                                                                                                                         1933
                                                                                                                         as amended
                                                                                                                         are deemed
                                                                                                                         not filed
                                                                                                                         for purposes
                                                                                                                         of Section
                                                                                                                         18 of
                                                                                                                         the Securities
                                                                                                                         Exchange
                                                                                                                         Act of
                                                                                                                         1934
                                                                                                                         as amended
                                                                                                                         and otherwise
                                                                                                                         are not
                                                                                                                         subject
                                                                                                                         to liability
                                                                                                                         under
                                                                                                                         these




    
    
    



Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on our behalf
by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized.



    

 INC.

    
    
    

    
By:
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
President
                               and Chief Executive Officer
        

    
    
    

    
    

 2013



Exchange Act of 1934
 this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacity
and on the dates indicated.



    

 INC.

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    

 2013

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
President
 Director and Chief Executive
                               Officer
        

 2013

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    

 Director

    
    

 2013

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    

 Director

    
    

 2013

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    
        

    
    

 2013

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    

 Director

    
    

 2013

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    

 Director

    
    

 2013

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    

 Director

    
    

 2013




    
    


Mendocino
Brewing Company
 Inc.

Consolidated
Financial Statements
For
the Years Ended
December
31
 2012 and 2011


    
    
    
Mendocino
Brewing Company
 Inc.

Consolidated
Financial Statements
For
the Years Ended
December
31
 2012 and 2011





Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting
    Firms
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



    
    
    
REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM



 Inc. and Subsidiaries

 California


balance sheet of Mendocino Brewing Company
 Inc. and subsidiaries (&ldquo;MBC&rdquo;) as of December 31
 2012
 and the related
consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income
 changes in stockholders&rsquo; equity
 and cash flows for the
year then ended. These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the MBC&rsquo;s management. Our responsibility
is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.


the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform
the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. MBC is not
required to have
 nor were we engaged to perform
 an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. Our audits include
consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the
circumstances
 but not for expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the MBC&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting.
Accordingly
 we express no such opinion. An audit includes examining
 on a test basis
 evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures
in the consolidated financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates
made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable
basis for our opinion.


 the consolidated financial
statements referred to above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the consolidated financial position of MBC as of December
31
 2012 and the results of its operations and cash flows for the year then ended in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America.



    
    



    



    



    
    
    
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT
REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM



 Inc. and Subsidiaries

 California


balance sheet of Mendocino Brewing Company
 Inc. and subsidiaries (&ldquo;MBC&rdquo;) as of December 31
 2011
 and the related
consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income
 changes in stockholders&rsquo; equity
 and cash flows for the
year then ended. These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the MBC&rsquo;s management. Our responsibility
is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.


the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform
the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. MBC is not
required to have
 nor were we engaged to perform
 an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. Our audit included
consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the
circumstances
 but not for expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the MBC&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting.
Accordingly
 we express no such opinion. An audit includes examining
 on a test basis
 evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures
in the consolidated financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates
made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable
basis for our opinion.


 the consolidated financial
statements referred to above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the consolidated financial position of MBC as of December
31
 2011 and the results of its operations and cash flows for the year then ended in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America.



/s/ PMB HELIN DONOVAN
 LLP
    



    



    



    
    
    
Mendocino
Brewing Company
 Inc.
Consolidated
Balance Sheets
As
of December 31
 2012 and 2011



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    



    
    

421

    
    
    

338

    

    
    
    

910

    
    
    

799

    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

045

    
    
    

863

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    

937

    
    
    

391

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

251

    
    
    

717

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

159

    
    
    

749

    

    
    
    

693

    
    
    

705

    

    
    
    

652

    
    
    

618

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

958

    
    
    

658

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

407

    
    
    

315

    



    
    

982

    
    
    

280

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

389

    
    
    

596

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

347

    
    
    

255

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 Series A
 no par value
 with liquidation
    preference of $1 per share; 10
000
000 shares authorized
 227

    
    


    
    
    


    


 no par value 30
000
000 shares authorized
 12
611
133

    
    

100

    
    
    

100

    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    

830

    
    
    

389

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

903

    
    
    

462

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

251

    
    
    

717

    



of these consolidated financial statements.


    
    
    
Mendocino
Brewing Company
 Inc.
Consolidated
Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income 
For
the Years Ending December 31
 2012 and 2011



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

335

    
    
    

211

    

    
    
    

091

    
    
    

057

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

244

    
    
    

153

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

442

    
    
    

276

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

802

    
    
    

877

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

631

    
    
    

903

    

    
    
    

236

    
    
    

481

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

867

    
    
    

384

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

611

    
    
    

481

    

    
    
    
    

899
235
    
    
    
12
481
913
    



of these consolidated financial statements.


    
    
    
Mendocino
Brewing Company
 Inc.
Consolidated
Statements of Stockholders&rsquo; Equity
For
the Years Ending December 31
 2012 and 2011



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    

427

    
    
    

043

    
    
    


    
    
    

438

    
    
    

364

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    



    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    

611

    
    
    

100

    
    
    


    
    
    

389

    
    
    

462

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    

611

    
    
    

100

    
    
    


    
    
    

830

    
    
    

903

    



are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.


    
    
    

Mendocino Brewing
Company
 Inc.
Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows
For the Years Ending
December 31
 2012 and 2011




    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

048

    
    
    

488

    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    

221

    
    
    

039

    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    

412

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    

503

    
    
    

025

    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

490

    
    
    

009

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

360

    
    
    

175

    

    
    
    


    
    
    

881

    

    
    
    


    
    
    

694

    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    



are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.


    
    
    
Mendocino
Brewing Company
 Inc.
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
December
31
 2012 and 2011

Description of Operations and
Summary of Significant Accounting Policies




 Inc.
 (&ldquo;the
Company&rdquo; or &ldquo;MBC&rdquo;)
 was formed in 1983 in California
 and has two operating subsidiaries: Releta Brewing Company
LLC
 (&ldquo;Releta&rdquo;)
 and United Breweries International (UK) Limited (&ldquo;UBIUK&rdquo;). In the United States (&ldquo;US&rdquo;)
MBC and its subsidiary
 Releta
 operate two breweries that produce beer and malt beverages for the specialty &ldquo;craft&rdquo;
segment of the beer market. The breweries are located in Ukiah
 California and Saratoga Springs
 New York. The majority of sales
for Mendocino Brewing Company in the US are in California. The Company brews several brands
 of which Red Tail Ale is the flagship
brand. In addition
 the Company performs contract brewing for several other brands
 and MBC holds the license to distribute Kingfisher
Lager Beer in the US and Canada. Generally
 product shipments are made directly from the breweries to the wholesalers or distributors
in accordance with state and local laws.


subsidiary
 UBIUK
 is a holding company for Kingfisher Beer Europe Limited (&ldquo;KBEL&rdquo;) which
 prior to March 30
 2011
was known as UBSN Limited (&ldquo;UBSN&rdquo;). KBEL is a distributor of alcoholic beverages
 mainly Kingfisher Lager Beer
 in
the United Kingdom and Europe. The distributorship is located in Maidstone
 Kent in the UK.




to the balance sheet date of periodic reports
 but before financial statements are issued for periods ending on such balance sheet
dates
 for possible adjustment to such financial statements or other disclosure. This evaluation generally occurs through the
date at which the Company&rsquo;s financial statements are electronically prepared for filing with the Securities and Exchange
Commission (&ldquo;SEC&rdquo;).




the accounts of Mendocino Brewing Company
 Inc.
 and its wholly-owned subsidiaries
 Releta and UBIUK. All material intracompany
and inter-company balances
 profits and transactions have been eliminated.




December 31
 2012 and 2011 have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States.
The financial statements and notes are representations of the management and the Board of Directors
 who are responsible for their
integrity and objectivity.




for the prior year have been reclassified to conform to the current year presentation. These reclassifications had no effect on
net income or equity.


    
    
    
Mendocino
Brewing Company
 Inc.
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
December
31
 2012 and 2011

Cash and Cash Equivalents
 Short- and Long-Term
Investments


 the Company considers
all highly liquid investments purchased with a maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents.




are located in the UK. Although this country is considered economically stable and the Company has experienced no notable burden
from foreign exchange transactions
 export duties
 or government regulations
 it is always possible that unanticipated events
in foreign countries could disrupt the Company&rsquo;s operations.

Trade Accounts Receivable and Allowance
for Doubtful Accounts


invoiced amount and are the amount the Company expects to collect. Sales are made to approved customers on an open account basis
subject to established credit limits
 and generally no collateral is required. The allowance for doubtful accounts is the Company&rsquo;s
best estimate of the amount of probable credit losses in the Company&rsquo;s existing accounts receivable; however
 changes in
circumstances relating to accounts receivable may result in a requirement for additional allowances in the future.




accounts for estimated losses resulting from the inability of its customers to make required payments. Management considers the
following factors when determining the collectibility of specific customer accounts: customer credit-worthiness
 past transaction
history with the customer
 current economic and industry trends and changes in customer payment terms. Past due balances over
90 days and other higher risk amounts are reviewed individually for collectibility. If the financial condition of the Company&rsquo;s
customers were to deteriorate
 adversely affecting their ability to make payments
 additional allowances would be required. Based
on management&rsquo;s assessment
 the Company provides for estimated uncollectible amounts through a charge to earnings and a
credit to a valuation allowance. Balances that remain outstanding after the Company has used reasonable collection efforts are
written off through a charge to the valuation allowance and a credit to accounts receivable. As of December 31
 2012 and 2011
the Company maintained a reserve of $207
800 and $240
200 of potentially doubtful accounts receivable
 respectively.




cost
 which approximates the first-in
 first-out method
 or market (net realizable value). The Company regularly reviews its inventories
for the presence of obsolete product attributed to age
 seasonality and quality. Inventories that are considered obsolete are
written off or adjusted to carrying value.




consist of deposits
 other receivables
 and prepayments for future services. Prepayments are expensed when the services are received.


    
    
    
Mendocino
Brewing Company
 Inc.
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
December
31
 2012 and 2011




and depreciated or amortized using the straight-line method over the assets&rsquo; estimated useful lives. Leasehold improvements
are amortized over the shorter of the life of the improvement or the life of the related lease. The Company uses other depreciation
methods (generally
 accelerated depreciation methods) for tax purposes where appropriate. Costs of maintenance and repairs are
charged to expense as incurred; significant renewals and betterments are capitalized. When property and equipment are retired
sold
 or otherwise disposed of
 the asset&rsquo;s carrying amount and related accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts
and any gain or loss is included in the statement of operations.


are as follows:



    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    


Assets
Held under Capital Leases


at the lower of the net present value of the minimum lease payments or the fair value of the leased asset at the inception of
the lease. Amortization expense is computed using the straight-line method over the shorter of the estimated useful lives of the
assets or the period of the related lease.




long-lived assets periodically in accordance with the provisions of Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) 360
 (Accounting for
the Impairment and Disposal of Long-Lived Assets). The Company reviews the carrying value of property and equipment and any other
long-lived assets for impairment annually or whenever events and circumstances indicate that the carrying value of an asset may
not be recoverable from the estimated future cash flows expected to result from its use and eventual disposition. In cases where
undiscounted expected future cash flows are less than the carrying value
 an impairment loss is recognized equal to an amount
by which the carrying value exceeds the fair value of assets. The factors considered by management in performing this assessment
include current operating results
 trends
 and prospects
 as well as the effects of obsolescence
 demand
 competition
 and other
economic factors. Long-lived assets that management commits to sell or abandon are reported at the lower of carrying amount or
fair value less cost to sell. During the year ended December 31
 2012
 the Company recorded no impairment losses and during the
year ended December 31
 2011 the Company recorded impairment losses of $17
600 related to long-lived assets.




capitalized and amortized over the term of the related debt. When a loan is paid in full
 any unamortized financing costs are
removed from the related accounts and charged to operations. Deferred financing costs of $311
300 related to loans repaid in June
2011 were fully amortized as of June 30
 2011. Deferred financing costs related to new borrowing made in June 2011 were $225
000.
Amortization of deferred financing costs charged to operations was $45
000 and $55
200 for the years ended December 31
 2012 and
2011
 respectively.


    
    
    
Mendocino
Brewing Company
 Inc.
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
December
31
 2012 and 2011




with ASC 750 which requires an asset and liability approach for financial accounting and reporting for income taxes and allows
recognition and measurement of deferred tax assets based upon the likelihood of realization of tax benefits in future years. Under
the asset and liability approach
 deferred taxes are provided for the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying
amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. Deferred tax
assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary
differences are expected to be recovered or settled. Deferred tax assets are recognized for deductible temporary differences and
operating loss
 and tax credit carryforwards. A valuation allowance is established to reduce the deferred tax asset if it is more
likely than not that the related tax benefits will not be realized.


tax positions that the Company has taken or expects to take on a tax return (including a decision whether to file or not to file
a return in a particular jurisdiction). The Company evaluated its tax positions and determined that there were no uncertain tax
benefits for the years ending December 31
 2012 and 2011.




and distribution operations in accordance with ASC 605. The Company recognizes revenue from product sales
 net of discounts.


of the following criteria have been met:



    
    
    



    
    
    



    
    
    



    
    
    


&ldquo;Persuasive Evidence of an Arrangement&rdquo;
&ndash; 
to recognizing revenue.

&ldquo;Delivery Has Occurred or Services
Have Been Performed&rdquo; &ndash;
per contractual terms. Product is considered delivered upon delivery to a customer&rsquo;s designated location and services considered
performed upon completion of Company&rsquo;s contractual obligations.

&ldquo;The Fee for the Arrangement is Fixed
or Determinable&rdquo; &ndash;
 an amount is either fixed or determinable under the terms of
the written contract. The price is negotiated at the outset of the arrangement and is not subject to refund or adjustment during
the initial term of the arrangement.

&ldquo;Collectibility is Reasonably Assured&rdquo;
&ndash;
on a customer-by-customer basis based on criteria outlined by management. The Company does not enter into arrangements unless
collectibility is reasonably assured at the outset. Existing customers are subject to ongoing credit evaluations based on payment
history and other factors. If it is determined during the arrangement that collectibility is not reasonably assured
 revenue is
recognized on a cash basis.


    
    
    
Mendocino
Brewing Company
 Inc.
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
December
31
 2012 and 2011


paid to customers for services or placement fees as a reduction in revenue rather than as an expense. The Company reports these
items on the statement of operations as a reduction in revenue and as a corresponding reduction in marketing and selling expenses.


recognized when sales have been completed.




on the sale of alcoholic beverages
 including beer. For brewers producing less than 2.0 million barrels of beer per calendar year
the federal excise tax is $7 per barrel on the first 60
000 barrels of beer removed for consumption or sale during a calendar
year
 and $18 per barrel for each barrel in excess of 60
000. Individual states also impose excise taxes on alcoholic beverages
in varying amounts
 which have also been subject to change. Sales as presented in the Company&rsquo;s statements of operations
reflect the amount invoiced to the Company&rsquo;s wholesalers and other customers. Excise taxes due to federal and state agencies
are not collected from the Company&rsquo;s customers
 but rather are the responsibility of the Company. Net sales
 as presented
in the Company&rsquo;s statements of operations
 are reduced by applicable federal and state excise taxes. In the UK
 excise taxes
are paid by the manufacturer and not by the Company.




and in response to local competitive conditions
 the Company regularly offers price discounts to distributors and retailers in
most of its markets. Sales for the years 2012 and 2011
 as presented in the Company&rsquo;s statements of operations
 are reduced
by $1
330
800 and $1
523
000 respectively
 related to such discounts.




reserves for chargebacks for promotional expenses by distributors. The Company estimates its reserves by utilizing historical
information and current contracts. In estimating chargeback reserves
 the Company analyzes actual chargeback amounts and applies
historical chargeback rates to estimates potential chargeback. The Company routinely assesses its experience with distributors
and adjusts the reserves accordingly. If actual chargebacks and other rebates are greater than the Company&rsquo;s estimates
additional reserves may be required. Revisions to estimates are charged to income in the period in which the facts that give rise
to the revision become known.




somewhat seasonal
 with the first and fourth quarters historically being the slowest and the rest of the year generating stronger
sales. The volume of sales may also be affected by weather conditions. Because of the seasonality of the Company&rsquo;s business
results for any one quarter are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be achieved for the full fiscal year.




to tax authorities are sales tax collected from our retail customers. State and federal excise taxes on beer shipments are the
responsibility of the company and included in our selling price. Excise taxes on shipments are shown in a separate line item in
the consolidated statement of operations as reduction of gross sales. Sales taxes collected from customers are recognized as a
liability
 with the liability subsequently reduced when the taxes are remitted to the tax authority. Total sales taxes collected
from customers and remitted to tax authorities were not material in 2012 and 2011.


    
    
    
Mendocino
Brewing Company
 Inc.
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
December
31
 2012 and 2011




 (Shipping and
Handling Fees and Costs) the company reports pass-through freight costs on beer shipped to independent beer wholesalers in cost
of sales. Reimbursements of these costs by wholesalers are reported in sales.


to deliver beer to wholesalers are included in marketing
 distribution and administrative expenses. These costs are considered
marketing related because in addition to product delivery
 wholesalers provide marketing and other customer service functions
to customers including product display
 shelf space management
 distribution of promotional materials
 and product rotation. Shipping
costs included in marketing expense totaled $914
200 and $854
800
 for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively.




dividing the earnings attributable to common stockholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the
period. In 2011
 the effect of any potentially dilutive securities would have been anti-dilutive. Therefore
 the conversion of
the related party notes has been excluded from the calculation of net earnings per share for the year ended December 31
 2011.
Basic net earnings per share exclude the dilutive effect of stock options or warrants and convertible notes. The computations
of basic and dilutive net earnings per share are as follows:



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    

611

    
    
    

481

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

288

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

899

    
    
    

481

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    





UK
 where the local currency
 UK Pound Sterling
 is the functional currency. Financial statements of these subsidiaries are translated
into U.S. dollars using period-end exchange rates for assets and liabilities and average exchange rates during the period for
revenues and expenses. Cumulative translation adjustments associated with net assets or liabilities are reported in non-owner
changes in equity. Any exchange rate gains or losses related to foreign currency transactions are recognized in the income statement
as incurred
 in the same financial statement caption as the underlying transaction
 and are not material for any year shown.


    
    
    
Mendocino
Brewing Company
 Inc.
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
December
31
 2012 and 2011


in effect at December 31
 2012 and 2011
 and its cash flows were translated at the average exchange rates for the years then ended.
Changes in cash resulting from the translations are presented as a separate item in the statements of cash flows.




conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America includes having the Company make estimates
and assumptions affecting the reported amounts of assets
 liabilities
 revenues and expenses
 and disclosure of contingent assets
and liabilities. The amounts estimated could differ from actual results. Significant estimates include
 allowance for doubtful
accounts
 depreciation and amortization periods
 and the future utilization of deferred tax assets.




and were $900
700 and $1
116
300 for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively.






instruments reflects the amounts that the Company estimates to receive in connection with the sale of an asset or paid in connection
with the transfer of a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date (exit price). For
financial assets and liabilities that are periodically re-measured to fair value
 the Company discloses a fair value hierarchy
that prioritizes the use of inputs used in valuation techniques into the following three levels:


for identical assets and liabilities.


quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities.




 2012 and 2011
 the Company
had no financial assets or liabilities that required periodic re-measurement at fair value.


and liabilities
 which consist primarily of cash and cash equivalents
 accounts receivable
 other current assets
 accounts payable
and accrued expenses
 approximate the fair value of the respective assets and liabilities at December 31
 2012 and December 31
2011 based upon the short-term nature of the assets and liabilities. Based on borrowing rates currently available to the Company
for loans with similar terms
 the carrying value of short and long term notes payable approximate fair value.




net income and changes in equity from all other non-stockholder sources. The changes from these non-stockholder sources are reflected
as a separate item in the statements of operations and comprehensive income.


    
    
    
Mendocino
Brewing Company
 Inc.
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
December
31
 2012 and 2011




two business segments: (i) brewing operations
 tavern and tasting room operations in the US and Canada (the &ldquo;North American
Territory&rdquo;) and (ii) distributor operations in Europe (including Austria
 Belgium
 Denmark
 Ireland
 Italy
 the Netherlands
France
 Finland
 Germany
 Greece
 Iceland
 Liechtenstein
 Luxembourg
 Norway
 Portugal
 Spain
 Sweden
 Switzerland
 and the United
Kingdom) (the &ldquo;Foreign Territory&rdquo;). The Company evaluates performance based on net operating profit. Where applicable
portions of the administrative function expenses are allocated between the operating segments. The operating segments do not share
manufacturing or distribution facilities. In the event any materials and/or services are provided to one operating segment by
the other
 the transaction is valued according to the Company&rsquo;s transfer policy
 which approximates market price. The costs
of operating the manufacturing plants are captured discretely within each segment. The Company&rsquo;s property
 plant and equipment
inventory
 and accounts receivable are captured and reported discretely within each operating segment.




 the FASB amended its guidance
related to the disclosure of offsetting assets and liabilities. The amended guidance will require disclosures for entities with
financial instruments and derivatives that are either offset on the balance sheet or subject to a master netting arrangement.
The provisions of the amended guidance will be effective for the Company beginning in the first quarter of 2013. The Company does
not expect its adoption will have a material impact on the Company&rsquo;s results of operations
 financial position or cash flows.


 the FASB issued ASU No. 2012-02
Intangibles-Goodwill and Other (Topic 350) which simplifies the impairment test for indefinite-lived intangible assets other than
goodwill. ASU No. 2012-02 gives the option to first assess qualitative factors to determine if it is more likely than not that
the fair value of an indefinite-lived intangible asset is less than its carrying amounts as a basis for determining whether it
is necessary to perform a quantitative valuation test. ASU No. 2012-02 is effective for fiscal years and interim periods beginning
on or after September 15
 2012. The Company conducted its annual impairment assessment as of October 1
 which included adoption
of this guidance. The adoption of this guidance on October 1
 2012 did not have a significant impact on the Company&rsquo;s consolidated
financial position
 results of operations or cash flows.


 the Financial Accounting
Standards Board (&ldquo;FASB&rdquo;) issued Accounting Standards Update (&ldquo;ASU&rdquo;) No. 2013-02
 Reporting of Amounts
Reclassified Out of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income requiring new disclosures regarding reclassification adjustments from
accumulated other comprehensive income (&ldquo;AOCI&rdquo;). ASU No. 2013-02 requires disclosure of amounts reclassified out of
AOCI in its entirety
 by component
 on the face of the statement of operations or in the notes. The standard is effective for
fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2012. The Company does not believe that the adoption of this guidance will have a material
impact on the Company&rsquo;s consolidated financial statements. The Company plans to adopt this guidance beginning in the first
quarter of 2013.


by the FASB (including its Emerging Issues Task Force (&ldquo;EITF&rdquo;)
 the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants
(&ldquo;AICPA&rdquo;)
 and the SEC did not or are not believed by management to have a material impact on the Company&rsquo;s
present or future financial statements.


    
    
    
Mendocino
Brewing Company
 Inc.
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
December
31
 2012 and 2011

Liquidity
and Management Plans


 2011
 MBC and Releta entered into
a Credit and Security Agreement (the &ldquo;Agreement&rdquo;) with Cole Taylor Bank
 an Illinois banking corporation (&ldquo;Cole
Taylor&rdquo;). The Agreement provides a credit facility of up to $10
000
000 with a maturity date of June 23
 2016 consisting
of a $4
119
000 revolving facility
 a $1
934
000 machinery &amp; equipment term loan
 a $2
947
000 real estate term loan and a
$1
000
000 capital expenditure line of credit. The proceeds were used to repay credit facilities provided by Marquette Business
Credit
 Inc. and Grand Pacific Financing Corporation. Convertible promissory notes issued to UBA are subordinated to Cole Taylor.


 2012
 MBC had cash and cash
equivalents of $198
500
 an accumulated deficit of $13
830
700 and a working capital deficit of $2
913
000 due to past losses
incurred in connection with KBEL&rsquo;s operations in the UK.


domestic operations in the US as substantial infrastructure costs were incurred in advance of obtaining customers and generating
revenue.


 2013
 United Breweries (Holdings)
Limited (&ldquo;UBHL&rdquo;) issued a letter of financial support on behalf of KBEL (the &ldquo;Letter of Support&rdquo;)
 to
KBEL&rsquo;s accountants
 to confirm that UBHL had agreed to provide funding on an as needed basis to KBEL to ensure that KBEL
is able to meet its financial obligations as and when they fall due. There is no maximum dollar limit on the amount of funds which
UBHL will provide to KBEL specified in the Letter of Support. The type of financial support provided by UBHL and the terms of
such financial support are not specified in the Letter of Support. UBHL&rsquo;s financial support to KBEL is contingent upon compliance
with any applicable exchange control requirements and other applicable laws and regulations relating to the transfer of funds
from India to the UK. The Letter of Support was issued for at least a one year minimum period which runs through March 22
 2014.
MBC&rsquo;s management intends to request that UBHL continue to keep the Letter of Support in force beyond the minimum specified
period
 if necessary. UBHL controls our two largest shareholders
 UBA and Inversiones Mirabel S.A.
 respectively
 and as such
UBHL is the Company&rsquo;s indirect majority shareholder. UBHL represented in the Letter of Support that it has the requisite
financial resources to meet its commitment to KBEL under the Letter of Support. The Chairman of MBC&rsquo;s Board of Directors
Dr. Vijay Mallya
 is also the Chairman of the Board of Directors of UBHL.


enable us to meet our working capital needs through March 31
 2014
 including reductions in discretionary expenditures
 expansion
of our business in new territories and securing additional brewing contracts in an effort to utilize a portion of our excess production
capacity. We may also seek additional capital infusions to support our operations.


financial assistance under the Letter of Support and UBHL is either unable or unwilling to fulfill its commitment to KBEL under
the Letter of Support or to extend the time period of such commitment if necessary
 it may result in a material adverse effect
on the Company&rsquo;s financial position and on its ability to continue operations. In addition
 if the Company is in default
under its secured credit facilities
 its lenders may seek to satisfy any outstanding obligations through recourse against the
applicable pledged collateral which may include its real property and fixed and current assets. The loss of any material pledged
asset would likely have a material adverse effect on the Company&rsquo;s financial position and results of operations.


    
    
    
Mendocino
Brewing Company
 Inc.
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
December
31
 2012 and 2011




 consisting of materials
 materials
overhead
 labor
 and manufacturing overhead
 are stated at the lower of average cost or market (net realizable value) and consist
of the following at December 31:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    

910

    
    
    

799

    





of property and equipment
 at cost less accumulated depreciation
 at December 31:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

772

    
    
    

357

    

    
    
    

222

    
    
    

222

    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    

459

    
    
    

443

    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    

661

    
    
    

989

    

    
    
    

724

    
    
    

597

    

    
    
    

937

    
    
    

391

    



for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011 was $1
048
100 and $1
488
000
 respectively.

Secured
Lines of Credit


 Cole Taylor provided a line
of credit drawable up to 85% of eligible receivables and 60% of eligible inventory for a period up to June 2016. The borrowings
are collateralized
 with recourse
 by MBC&rsquo;s and Releta&rsquo;s trade receivables and inventory located in the US. This facility
carries interest at a rate of either LIBOR plus 3.5% or prime plus 1% and is secured by substantially all of the assets
 excluding
real property
 of Releta and MBC. The amount outstanding on this line of credit as of December 31
 2012 was approximately $1
887
700.
Included in the Company&rsquo;s balance sheet as accounts receivable at December 31
 2012
 are account balances totaling $2
531
700
of accounts receivables and $1
910
500 of inventory collateralized to Cole Taylor under this facility.


 2005
 Royal Bank of Scotland
Commercial Services Limited (&ldquo;RBS&rdquo;) provided an invoice discounting facility to KBEL for a maximum amount of &pound;1
750
000
based on 80% prepayment against qualified accounts receivable related to KBEL&rsquo;s UK customers. The initial term of the facility
was for a one year period after which time the facility could be terminated by either party by providing the other party with
six months notice. The facility carries an interest rate of 1.38% above the RBS base rate and a service charge of 0.10% of each
invoice discounted. The amount outstanding on this line of credit as of December 31
 2012 was approximately $1
272
000.


    
    
    
Mendocino
Brewing Company
 Inc.
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
December
31
 2012 and 2011




are as follows:



    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 payable in monthly installments of $12
300
    plus interest at prime plus 2% with a balloon payment of approximately $2
210
300 in June 2016; secured by real property at

    
    

718

    
    
    

885

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 payable in monthly installments of $25
200 including interest
    at prime plus 1.5% with a balloon payment of approximately $552
600 in June 2016; secured by all assets of Releta and MBC

    
    

714

    
    
    

818

    

    
    
    

432

    
    
    

704

    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    

982

    
    
    

280

    







    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    

    
    
    

082

    

    
    
    

432

    




of loans with Cole Taylor Bank. On March 29
 2013
 MBC
 Releta and Cole Taylor Bank entered into an amendment to the loan documents
which clarified the method by which the fixed charge coverage ratio shall be calculated. To the extent MBC and Releta may have
been in breach of the covenants related to the fixed charge coverage ratio for certain periods
 Cole Taylor Bank has agreed in
the amendment that such breach is waived and that no event of default has occurred by reason of such breach

Capital
Lease Obligations


vehicles and office equipment under agreements that are classified as capital leases. The future minimum lease payments required
under the capital leases and the present value of the net minimum lease payments as of December 31
 2012
 are as follows:





    
    


    

    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    



was $18
400 and $43
100 for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively.


    
    
    
Mendocino
Brewing Company
 Inc.
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
December
31
 2012 and 2011



Subordinated
Convertible Notes Payable


unsecured convertible notes to UBA for a total value including interest (at the prime rate plus 1.5%
 but not to exceed 10% per
year) of $3
407
000 and $3
315
700 as of December 31
 2012 and 2011. Thirteen of the UBA notes are convertible into common stock
at $1.50 per share and one UBA note is convertible at a rate of $1.44 per share. The UBA notes have been extended until June 2013
but have automatic renewals after such maturity date for successive one year terms
 provided that either the Company or UBA may
elect not to extend the term upon written notice given to the other party no more than 60 days and no fewer than 30 days prior
to the expiration of such term. UBA may demand payment within 60 days of the end of the extension period but is precluded from
doing so because the notes are subordinated to long-term debt agreements with Cole Taylor maturing in June 2016. Therefore
 the
Company will not require the use of working capital to repay any of the UBA notes until the Cole Taylor facilities are repaid.
The UBA notes included $1
491
600 and $1
400
300 of accrued interest at December 31
 2012 and December 31
 2011
 respectively.






requires quantities of various processed agricultural products
 including malt and hops for beer. The Company fulfills its commodities
requirements through purchases from various sources
 some through contractual arrangements and others on the open market. Future
payments under existing contractual arrangements are as follows:





    
    
    
    

    
    
    

155

    

    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    

    
    
    

472

    





actions and claims that arise as a result of events that occur in the normal course of operations. The Company&rsquo;s management
and its legal counsel assess such contingent liabilities
 and such assessment inherently involves an exercise of judgment. In
assessing loss contingencies related to legal proceedings that are pending against the Company or unasserted claims that may result
in such proceedings
 the Company&rsquo;s legal counsel evaluates the perceived merits of any legal proceedings or unasserted claims
as well as the perceived merits of the amount of relief sought or expected to be sought therein.


that it is probable that a material loss has been incurred and the amount of the liability can be estimated
 then the estimated
liability would be accrued in the Company&rsquo;s financial statements. If the assessment indicates that a potentially material
loss contingency is not probable
 but is reasonably possible
 or is probable but cannot be estimated
 then the nature of the contingent
liability
 together with an estimate of the range of possible loss if determinable and material
 would be disclosed. Loss contingencies
considered remote are generally not disclosed unless they involve guarantees
 in which case the nature of the guarantee would
be disclosed.


    
    
    
Mendocino
Brewing Company
 Inc.
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
December
31
 2012 and 2011


legal proceedings or claims that the Company believes will have
 individually or in the aggregate
 a material adverse effect on
the Company&rsquo;s financial position or results of operations




office facilities for various terms under long-term
 non-cancelable operating lease agreements. The leases expire at various dates
through 2015 and provide for renewal options ranging from month-to-month to five years. In the normal course of business
 it is
expected that these leases will be renewed or replaced by leases on similar properties. The leases provide for increases in future
minimum annual rental payments based on defined increases which are generally meant to correlate with the Consumer Price Index
subject to certain minimum increases. Also
 the agreements generally require the Company to pay certain costs (real estate taxes
insurance and repairs).


lease agreements for the brewpub and gift store in Ukiah
 California; land at its Saratoga Springs
 New York
 facility; a building
in the UK; and certain equipment. The New York lease includes renewal options for three additional five-year periods beginning
in 2014
 which the Company intends to exercise
 and some leases are adjusted annually for changes in the consumer price index.
Rent expense charged to operations was $324
400 and $304
600 for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011.







    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    





 the Company renewed the
keg management agreement with MicroStar Keg Management LLC. Under this arrangement
 MicroStar provides all kegs for which the
Company pays a service fee depending on the applicable territory. The agreement is effective for five years ending in September
2014. If the agreement is terminated
 the Company is required to purchase four times the average monthly keg usage for the preceding
six-month period from MicroStar. The Company expects to continue this relationship. Rental expense associated with this agreement
was $82
100 and $59
100 for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively. This annual fee is not included in the above
future minimum lease payments.


    
    
    
Mendocino
Brewing Company
 Inc.
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
December
31
 2012 and 2011




Breweries of America (UBA)
 which owns approximately 25% of the Company&rsquo;s common stock. Additionally
 KBEL has significant
transactions with Shepherd Neame
 Ltd.
 which is a related party to a former Board member. The following table reflects balances
outstanding as of December 31
 2012 and 2011 and the value of the transactions with these related parties for the years ended
December 31
 2012 and 2011:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

527

    
    
    

063

    

    
    
    

192

    
    
    

310

    

    
    
    

030

    
    
    

167

    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

894

    
    
    

856

    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    



for their services. Expenses related to this compensation totaled $114
000 and $91
000 for the years ended December 31
 2012 and
2011 and are included in general and administrative expenses on the statements of operations and comprehensive income.




the Company to significant concentration of credit risk consist primarily of cash and cash equivalents
 and accounts receivable.
Substantially all of the Company&rsquo;s cash and cash equivalents are deposited with commercial banks that have minimal credit
risk
 in the US and the UK. Accounts receivable are generally unsecured and customers are subject to an initial credit review
and ongoing monitoring. Wholesale distributors account for substantially all accounts receivable; therefore
 this risk concentration
is limited due to the number of distributors and the laws regulating the financial affairs of distributors of alcoholic beverages.
The Company has approximately $75
300 in cash deposits and $2
889
900 of accounts receivable due from customers located in the
UK as of December 31
 2012.


work stoppages or other disruptions in production that could adversely affect it. As of December 31
 2012
 union represented approximately
18% of the Company&rsquo;s US-based workforce. On that date
 the Company had approximately fourteen employees at its California
(&ldquo;CA&rdquo;) facility who were working under a collective bargaining agreement. The agreement covering the CA facility expires
on July 31
 2013.


$9
245
700 and $10
576
900 for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 which represents 23% and 26% of sales for the years
ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively. Gross sales to Shepherd Neame for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011 was
$3
527
000 and $5
063
000
 which represented 9% and 12% of sales for those years respectively. No other customer individually
represented greater than 5% of revenue.


    
    
    
Mendocino
Brewing Company
 Inc.
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
December
31
 2012 and 2011
Stockholders&rsquo;
Equity




been authorized
 of which 227
600 are designated as Series A. Series A shareholders are entitled to receive cash dividends and/or
liquidation proceeds equal
 in the aggregate
 to $1.00 per share before any cash dividends are paid on the common stock or any
other series of preferred stock. When the entire Series A dividend/liquidation proceeds have been paid
 the Series A shares are
automatically canceled and will cease to be outstanding. Only a complete corporate dissolution will cause a liquidation preference
to be paid.

Income
Taxes


have resulted in the Company determining that the deferred tax assets associated with net operating loss carryforwards may expire
prior to utilization. Although the Company had net income in 2012 and 2011
 it had net losses in previous years. Because of the
uncertainty of realization of any tax assets
 the Company provided a full valuation allowance against its net deferred tax assets
at December 31
 2012 and 2011. Consequently
 no benefit for deferred tax assets appears on the Company&rsquo;s financial statements.


summarized as follows:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    



the actual income tax provision and the tax provision computed by applying the statutory US federal and United Kingdom income
tax rates to earnings before taxes is attributable to the following:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    

334

    

    
    
    


    
    
    

398

    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    



    
    
    
Mendocino
Brewing Company
 Inc.
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
December
31
 2012 and 2011


position
 the Company changed its assumptions in 2011 regarding the tax effects of utilizing net operating losses
 its investment
in its subsidiary in the United Kingdom
 and the timing of repatriation of any future profits from that subsidiary. These changes
in assumptions reduced the Company&rsquo;s gross tax assets in 2011.


give rise to deferred tax assets and liabilities are as follows:




    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

282

    
    
    

299

    

    
    
    

827

    
    
    

677

    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    

558

    
    
    

697

    

    
    
    

558

    
    
    

697

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    

398

    




for carry forward. The US Federal net operating losses total approximately $13
487
000 and expire beginning 2017 and ending in
2032. The US state operating losses total approximately $926
000 and expire beginning in 2014 and ending 2029. The Company&rsquo;s
UK operating losses total approximately $3
073
000 and they do not expire.


by the Internal Revenue Service and the US states include 2009
 2010
 and 2011; the Company expects to file its 2012 returns in
the summer of 2013. California may still examine 2008 because of its longer statute of limitations. Additional years may be examined
in the event of criminal tax fraud
 and any year may be subject to examination to the extent that the Company utilizes the net
operating losses from those years in its current or future tax returns.

Segment
Information


of two segments &ndash; the North American Territory and the Foreign Territory.


American Territory consist primarily of brewing and marketing proprietary craft beers. For distribution in the North American
Territory
 the Company brews its brands in its own facilities
 which are located in Ukiah
 California and Saratoga Springs
 New
York. This segment accounted for approximately 43% and 42% of the Company&rsquo;s gross sales during the years 2012 and 2011
respectively.


Territory
 which are conducted through its wholly-owned subsidiary UBIUK and UBIUK&rsquo;s wholly-owned subsidiary KBEL
 consist
primarily of the marketing and distribution of Kingfisher Premium Lager in the Foreign Territory through Indian restaurants
 chain
retail grocers
 liquor stores
 and other retail outlets (such as convenience stores). This segment accounted for approximately
57% and 58% of the Company&rsquo;s gross sales during 2012 and 2011 respectively.


    
    
    
Mendocino
Brewing Company
 Inc.
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
December
31
 2012 and 2011





    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

319

    
    
    

016

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

335

    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    

775

    
    
    

440

    
    
    

035

    
    
    

251

    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    

048

    

    
    
    

086

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    

503

    





    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

195

    
    
    

015

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

211

    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    

148

    
    
    

484

    
    
    

084

    
    
    

717

    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    

488

    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    

025

    



    
    
    
Mendocino
Brewing Company
 Inc.
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
December
31
 2012 and 2011

Unrestricted
Net Assets


subsidiary
 UBIUK
 has cumulative losses of approximately &pound;1
428
000 ($2
322
200) as of December 31
 2012. Under KBEL&rsquo;s
line of credit agreement with RBS
 distributions and other payments to the Company from its subsidiary are not permitted if the
subsidiary&rsquo;s retained earnings drop below &pound;1
000
000 ($1
626
200). Condensed financial information of the United States
operations is as follows:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    



    
    

531

    
    
    

308

    

    
    
    

910

    
    
    

799

    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    

677

    
    
    

422

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

225

    
    
    

225

    

    
    
    

864

    
    
    

349

    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    

507

    
    
    

689

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

887

    
    
    


    

    
    
    

584

    
    
    

511

    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    

809

    
    
    

704

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

982

    
    
    

280

    

    
    
    

407

    
    
    

315

    

    
    
    

198

    
    
    

300

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

100

    
    
    

100

    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    

019

    
    
    

938

    

    
    
    

308

    
    
    

389

    

    
    
    

507

    
    
    

689

    



    
    
    
Mendocino
Brewing Company
 Inc.
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
December
31
 2012 and 2011


Unrestricted
Net Assets (continued)




    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

228

    
    
    

138

    

    
    
    

383

    
    
    

037

    


 marketing

    
    

754

    
    
    

698

    

    
    
    

984

    
    
    

912

    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    





    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

086

    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

081

    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    

881

    

    
    
    


    
    
    

694

    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    



    
    


    
    
    


    



    
    


    
    
    


    



    
    
    












     



FIRST AMENDMENT TO
CREDIT AND SECURITY AGREEMENT


 of
March
 2013
 by and among COLE TAYLOR BANK

 
INC.
&rdquo;)
 and RELETA BREWING COMPANY LLC
 a Delaware limited liability company
and
 individually
 as
a 

PRELIMINARY
STATEMENTS


Amendment amends that certain Credit and Security Agreement by and between Borrowers and Lender dated as of June 23
 2011 (as amended
restated
 or otherwise modified from time to time
 the 


have requested that Lender agree to amend the Credit Agreement
 and Lender has agreed to amend the Credit Agreement on the terms
and conditions set forth below.


have also requested that to the extent Borrowers failed to comply with the Fixed Charge Coverage ratio required under Section 12.02
of the Credit Agreement with respect to the twelve month periods ending September 30
 2012
 October 31
 2012
 November 30
 2012
and December 31
 2012
 (the &ldquo;FCCR Breach&rdquo;)
 that Lender waives such breach.

NOW
THEREFORE
 
 the parties hereto
agree as follows:

. The preliminary statements set forth above are accurate
 represent the intent of the parties
hereto and are incorporated herein by reference. Unless otherwise defined in this Amendment
 capitalized terms used herein will
have the same meaning in this Amendment as set forth in the Credit Agreement.




definition of &ldquo;Fixed Charge Coverage&rdquo; in Section 1.01 of the Credit Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced
with the following:

&ldquo;&lsquo;Fixed
Charge Coverage&rsquo; 
 as of any date of determination
 the ratio of: (a) the sum for such period of (without
 (ii) Capital Expenditures not financed hereunder by a Machinery &amp; Equipment Term
Loan
 a Real Estate Term Loan or a Capital Expenditure Term Loan from Lender or otherwise financed by money borrowed from a
 (iv)
cash dividends paid or accrued and cash withdrawals paid or accrued to Owners or other Affiliates by Borrowers and their
Subsidiaries


Coverage ratio
 Capital Expenditures considered not financed because the Capital Expenditures were financed by the proceeds
of one or more Revolving Loans hereunder will be excluded from such determination only up to the aggregate amount set forth
opposite the corresponding dates set forth below and (2) only if on the date of such determination (x) no Default or Event of
Default exists or is continuing
 (x) Borrowers have Excess Availability of at least $500
000 and (z) all accounts payable are
within industry terms and current as reasonably determined by Lender.


    
    



respect to clause (1) above
 to the extent the Capital Expenditures within the scope of clause (1) exceed the amount set forth
below on the applicable date
 such excess will be included in determining the Fixed Charge Coverage ratio.



    
    

    
    


 2012 through January 31
    2013
1
056
000

    
    


 2013 through December 31
 2013
240
000&rdquo;


. Lender waives the FCCR Breach. This is a one-time waiver
 applies only to the FCCR Breach
and does not apply to any other measurement period or any other term of the Loan Documents. Lender and Borrowers hereby affirm
and agree that no Event of Default has occurred as a result of the FCCR Breach.

. The following are conditions precedent to the effectiveness
of this Amendment
 notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary:




000 amendment fee. At Lender&rsquo;s option
 such fee may be charged by Lender as a Revolving
Loan; and



. Immediately upon request
 Borrowers shall pay all reasonable expenses and costs of Lender (including
 without
limitation
 the reasonable attorney fees of counsel for Lender and reasonable expenses of counsel for Lender) in connection with
the preparation
 negotiation
 execution and approval of this Amendment and any and all other documents
 instruments and things
contemplated hereby
 whether or not such transactions are consummated
 together with all other reasonable expenses and costs incurred
by Lender chargeable to Borrowers pursuant to the terms of the Credit Agreement which are unpaid at such time.

Ratification;
Estoppel; Reaffirmation


 and ratifies the Credit Agreement and the other Loan
Documents
 as amended
 modified
 and supplemented.


. which exceptions shall be deemed
to be part of the representations and warranties made hereunder
 each Borrower reaffirms to Lender each of the
representations
 warranties
 covenants and agreements set forth in Sections 9 through 12 of the Credit Agreement and the
other Loan Documents with the same force and effect as if each were separately stated herein and made as of the date hereof
to Lender.


    
    



 as of the date hereof
 there are no counterclaims
 defenses or offsets
of any nature whatsoever to the Loans or any of the Loan Documents and that
 as of the date hereof
 no Event of Default has occurred
or exists under any of the Loan Documents.


 affirms and agrees that the Credit Agreement and other Loan Documents
 as amended
 modified
 and
supplemented hereby by this Amendment
 represent the valid
 enforceable and collectible obligations of Borrower.

.
Each Borrower does hereby release
 remise
 acquit and forever discharge Lender and Lender&rsquo;s employees
 agents
 representatives
consultants
 attorneys
 fiduciaries
 servants
 officers
 directors
 partners
 predecessors
 successors and assigns
 subsidiary
corporations
 parent corporation

Parties&rdquo;)
 
 judgments
 executions
 suits
 debts
 claims
 demands
 liabilities
obligations
 damages and expenses of any and every character
 known or unknown
 direct and/or indirect
 at law or in equity
 of
whatsoever kind or nature
 whether heretofore or hereafter arising
 for or because of any matter or things done
 omitted or suffered
to be done by any of the Released Parties prior to and including the date of execution hereof
 and in any way directly or indirectly
arising out of or in any way connected to this Amendment
 the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents (all of the foregoing
Each Borrower acknowledges that the agreements in this paragraph
are intended to be in full satisfaction of all or any alleged injuries or damages arising in connection with the Released Matters.
Each Borrower represents and warrants to Lender that it has not purported to transfer
 assign or otherwise convey any right
 title
or interest of such Borrower in any Released Matter to any other Person and that the foregoing constitutes a full and complete
release of all Released Matters.


BORROWER INTENDS THE ABOVE RELEASE TO COVER
 ENCOMPASS
 RELEASE
 AND EXTINGUISH

 
 DEMANDS
 AND CAUSES
OF ACTION THAT MIGHT OTHERWISE BE RESERVED BY THE CALIFORNIA CIVIL CODE SECTION 1542
 (OR ITS EQUIVALENT UNDER ILLINOIS LAW) WHICH
PROVIDES AS FOLLOWS:


GENERAL RELEASE DOES NOT EXTEND TO CLAIMS WHICH THE CREDITOR DOES NOT KNOW OR SUSPECT TO EXIST IN HIS OR HER FAVOR AT THE TIME
OF EXECUTING THE RELEASE
 WHICH IF KNOWN BY HIM OR HER MUST HAVE MATERIALLY AFFECTED HIS OR HER SETTLEMENT WITH THE DEBTOR.&rdquo;


BORROWER ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT MAY HEREAFTER DISCOVER FACTS DIFFERENT FROM OR IN ADDITION TO THOSE NOW KNOWN OR BELIEVED TO BE TRUE
WITH RESPECT TO SUCH CLAIMS
 DEMANDS
 OR CAUSES OF ACTION
 AND AGREES THAT THIS AMENDMENT AND THE ABOVE RELEASE ARE AND WILL REMAIN
EFFECTIVE IN ALL RESPECTS NOTWITHSTANDING ANY SUCH DIFFERENCES OR ADDITIONAL FACTS

No
Cancellation
(as modified hereby). This Amendment is secured by the Collateral as provided in the Credit Agreement including all amendments
and modifications thereto.


    
    



Amendment is an extension
 modification and amendment of the prior documents and the execution hereof does not evidence a cancellation
of the indebtedness evidenced by the prior documents.




 or against
 any party will be drawn from the fact that such party has drafted any portion of this
Amendment
 the Credit Agreement
 or any other Loan Document
 as each may be amended.


 each
of which
 when so executed and delivered
 shall be deemed an original
 but all of which counterparts together shall constitute
but one agreement. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Amendment by facsimile or in electronic (i.e.
&ldquo;pdf&rsquo; or &ldquo;tif) format shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Amendment. Any party
who chooses to deliver its signature in such manner agrees to provide promptly to the other parties a copy of this Amendment with
its inked signature
 but the party&rsquo;s failure to deliver a copy of this Amendment with its inked signature shall not affect the
validity
 enforceability and binding effect of this Amendment.


 enforcement
validity
 construction
 effect
 and in all other respects.


and assigns.





[signature
page to follow]


    
    


IN
WITNESS WHEREOF
 









    
/s/
    Martha Gaskin
    

    
    
    

    
    
    





 INC.





    
/s/
    Mahadevan Narayanan
    

    
    
    

    
    
    





company



    


    

    


    

    
    
    




    
/s/
    Mahadevan Narayanan
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



    
    














     



Exhibit
21.1

MENDOCINO
BREWING COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES
SUBSIDIARIES
OF THE REGISTRANT 

The
following table lists our subsidiaries and the respective jurisdictions of their organization or incorporation as of December
31
 2012. All subsidiaries are included in our consolidated financial statements.


Releta
                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Brewing
                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Company
                                                                                                                                                                                                                  LLC
                                                                                                                                                                                                                  a
                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Delaware
                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Limited
                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Liability
                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Company


United
                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Breweries
                                                                                                                                                                                                                  International
                                                                                                                                                                                                                  (U.K.)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Limited


Kingfisher
Beer Europe Limited




    
    














     



EXHIBIT
31.1



I
Yashpal Singh
 certify that:



    
I
    have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Mendocino Brewing Company
 Inc.;




    
Based
    on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
    to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect
    to the period covered by this report;




    
Based
    on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all
    material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods
    presented in this report;




    
The
    registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
    (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
    Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:




    
    
Designed
    such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
    to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to
    us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;




    
    
Designed
    such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
    our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
    statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;




    
    
Evaluated
    the effectiveness of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
    the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such
    evaluation; and




    
    
Disclosed
    in this report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&rsquo;s
    most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
    or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting; and




    
The
    registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
    reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&rsquo;s board of directors (or persons performing
    the equivalent functions):




    
    
All
    significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
    are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information;
    and




    
    
Any
    fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&rsquo;s
    internal control over financial reporting.



Date:
April 1
 2013



    
/s/
    Yashpal Singh

    
Yashpal
    Singh


    
Chief
    Executive Officer



    
    














     



EXHIBIT
31.2



I
Mahadevan Narayanan
 certify that:



    
I
    have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Mendocino Brewing Company
 Inc.;




    
Based
    on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
    to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect
    to the period covered by this report;




    
Based
    on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all
    material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods
    presented in this report;




    
The
    registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
    (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
    Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:




    
    
Designed
    such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
    to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to
    us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;




    
    
Designed
    such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
    our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
    statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;




    
    
Evaluated
    the effectiveness of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
    the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such
    evaluation; and




    
    
Disclosed
    in this report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&rsquo;s
    most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
    or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting; and




    
The
    registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
    reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&rsquo;s board of directors (or persons performing
    the equivalent functions):




    
    
All
    significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
    are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information;
    and




    
    
Any
    fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&rsquo;s
    internal control over financial reporting.


Date:
April 1
 2013



    
/s/
    Mahadevan Narayanan

    
Mahadevan
    Narayanan


    
Chief
    Financial Officer



    
    











 UNITED STATES CODE



     



EXHIBIT
32.1

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO TITLE 18
 UNITED STATES CODE

SECTION
1350

In
connection with the Annual Report of Mendocino Brewing Company
 Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) on Form 10-K for the year ended
December&nbsp;31
 2012
 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the &ldquo;Report&rdquo;)
 I
 Yashpal
Singh
 Chief Executive Officer of the Company
 certify
 pursuant to Title&nbsp;18
 United States Code
 Section 1350
 as adopted
pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that:



    
    
The
    Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended;
    and 




    
    
The
    information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations
    of the Company. 


A
signed original of this written statement required by Section&nbsp;906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by
the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.

Date:
April 1
 2013



    
/s/
    Yashpal Singh

    
Yashpal
    Singh


    
Chief
    Executive Officer



    
    











 UNITED STATES CODE



     



EXHIBIT
32.2

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO TITLE 18
 UNITED STATES CODE

SECTION
1350

In
connection with the Annual Report of Mendocino Brewing Company
 Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) on Form 10-K for the year ended
December&nbsp;31
 2012 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the &ldquo;Report&rdquo;)
 I
 Mahadevan
Narayanan
 Chief Financial Officer of the Company
 certify
 pursuant to Title&nbsp;18
 United States Code
 Section 1350
 as adopted
pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that:



    
    
The
    Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended;
    and 




    
    
The
    information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations
    of the Company. 


A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the
Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.

Date:
April 1
 2013



    
/s/
    Mahadevan Narayanan

    
Mahadevan
    Narayanan


    
Chief
    Financial Officer



    
    













     





UNITED
BREWERIES (HOLDINGS) LIMITED

Hawsons
Chartered Accountants
Jubilee
House
32
Duncan Close
Moulton
Park

NN3
6WL

Dear
Sirs


I
on behalf of United Breweries (Holdings) Limited
 the ultimate holding company of Kingfisher Beer Europe Limited (formerly known
Limited)
 confirm the following:


That
need


 subject
 of course
 to complying with any Exchange Control /
other Regulatory Statues as may be applicable in this regard.



That
we will provide financial assistance as may be required to enable Kingfisher Beer Europe Limited (formerly known as UBSN Limited)
to 




I
 confirm
financial
12
months from the date of this letter.


On
behalf of the Board



/s/
    
    

KAUSHIK
    MAJUMDER
    

Corporate
    Vice President - Legal 
    


Date:
March 22
 2013





    

        

    

    

    

UB
    Tower
 Level 12
14 &amp; 15
 UB City
 24
 Vittal Mailya Road
 Bangalore &ndash; 560 001.

Tel.: +91 80 2227 2808
 2227 5809
 3985 6000 Fax: +91 80 2227 4890 Website : www.theubgroup.com







    
    













begin 644 img-001.jpg

M``#_X0

2XP+P`\/WAP86-K970@


3`O
3(O

M


N


C@X1#(V
3DU13`Q
44R.$$P
$0S.3A$

C@X1#(V
CDU
M13`Q
44R.$$P
$0S.3A$139$138R.2(^(#QX;7!-33I$97)I=F5D1G)O;2!S
M=%)E9CII;G-T86YC94E$/2)X;7`N:6ED.C4R.#A$
C5&.35%
#$Q13(X03`P
M1#
Y.$1%-D1%-C(Y(B!S=%)E9CID;V-U;65N=$E$/2)X;7`N9&ED.C4R.#A$
M
C8P.35%
#$Q13(X03`P1#


M(C\^_^X`#D%D;V)E`&3``````?_;`(0``0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!
M`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0(`@(`@(`@(`P
#`P
#`P
#`P$!
M`0$!`0$`0$`@(!`@(#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#
M`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#_\``$0@`3P!*`P$1``(1`0
1`?_$`&L```(#

M
\/&_4W#:'E[B;1'9U6'7=E*0H1`X[9XJ&@_P::FV24;%U2]^^L+'0^]
M9:\MIM'$KH\/U4W?%^OJ#`Y?VPN@-+_`(!\`^`?`/@'P#X\.2=E)KRP*B'








5H4^6O/UM?IUF!,&D,%HV2`3MHJQ1O&3B!QO'C:<6#0-0)L!6ZZ2



MG+_

+0+IT8K+'5N5M?Z55OFC;1ZDI
MNHIX.XJZ:ZD!OI#IACW_00^@\4N7H=[W'YVYRT^0JG,+@7WWF]4'(/T:H
MWF.&C+S4PWWB[5C)SJBHJAC4:?L38.%RR37
20`]7W?5L2%$:D&LO:VQ#J=
MXAUHPM1BIQUN++3@RFUEP05T*Z%3L79G:LSP+
Z[D5*QH(YNL%3)J2?CY:$R

VBC]S)
M#AXL);$+%;TJZ*Z3VCU



M\8)^KULFR!FHA





MB;TLOZ=WJ
T_`@KETX#2BC&T
C@T\T_P+&OZPO_`/\`V077_`CU_P#]O_[R
M?_F#J?\`U%_XG?\`9G^X#_J7^EG_`)E\O\`Z@$WHY0T[$1(1J//^7P7=&O\




XM2Z_#4ZI`I3
JIZH$TE
MZR,-GTIB_,&?JP8RR4`_P!#CO!^4)E6ACF:0-[3YX*RK&JL_H:9.H6[<'.@

MR(1#BWU*6:ZJ,XK2Y:H_S?`KPH;6C-MU^WYK\NS67QORV\ZHC3'PV_[(\V
ML$X8W(__P`L&O








T23*F-.VS!20G
][H$!LFBWA\QTC1K[A`MSPR

J%PHO^G7RXY.ID
ML5`@AOLE0(7.9V0`N0SSD=













M'EM
W8B)S(T)Y'$;`;VFNO('3#=P6G0I.D;31?YOLFL%N8Y%SPY0!PL#7Z_E


`
end








begin 644 img002.jpg

M``#_X0

2XP+P`\/WAP86-K970@


3`O
3(O

M


N


41#0C`X1CDU13`Q
44R030W0S@U.4$U


M
#A%.35%
#$Q13)!-#=#.#4Y035&


M(C\^_^X`#D%D;V)E`&3``````?_;`(0``0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!
M`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0(`@(`@(`@(`P
#`P
#`P
#`P$!
M`0$!`0$`0$`@(!`@(#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#
M`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#_\``$0@`6`!:`P$1``(1`0
1`?_$`&0```(#
M`0$!`0`````````````*!P@)P8$!0$!`````````````````````!```@(


GU!9;2ND_BPYOX
MXZOI9HL(G?#(QY8^7\0A$QY/ZL^++AR?Q_CWZ=NO//'(5?\`5SL:(VBT/UML



N)-=OGIV:)]55.K
<S6'
M:\W

MM1]L6A?CO7331VRC+P9ZYTFZQ=8UC'U2L*K.R!?;X'2K(E2WB+VGMT\.$D#F
MOP'=*MM)$NA$!636QW[`I
'Y/!&DYQAA?


Z@
M%60PQD99(.;?C51A6='*-A!?5!4DA)B#




HW6%*VAL



MLFWPDV`O``N?I#[0K
T=57BY%GV5
#)?VVK`.V$9J3WSOJO=K=8*


@O4!HW*WZMBIZD[LR_+UB&5^U6F[7K8TK7
M%@VLOO6D*M:_5W6FH@DFH

I
M*R$=L1ZZBU)L]7-#-CZB#%+(GL:M'I_;3'?=/UM=53\[NO#\.NZ(H(0%8Y[
M=(8%*7B&
2(#(&Z=6M:K$9@?2^*[NC6XL;


MDZCJPT

M_9ED_Z&L%PUDT..TVCA(R]':.-LA$::BD:\ZD

X@(90FO9BN[UB;


M8%608[0.EC

+*CL/2








MA*L^%E)L)0!$#V#NC[=N#A8^W&UFJ'L/MBCB6J%XKL?:VQFJS=@5+L1I?5`I

.J%@[
63(BI3G$+#M5W9=(QF28ESX``X-BA1FFXM2)S]4CT




MNKVVVM-[MCV.H6P%&:2NW^=7IGH:8-3M
6*\=IP#&0P
2LQZE5UC8O\`+-?Z

M9MENHQM38U

M]K1KSJB@]*MUHI.KZ(KW\AU-2E2JDH`EB[#^%KN=J8L8*##RLS@0+D-+
M

MQTD.PK3*O&(TP0=7SHB9FBS84K#EC2HV7OBR].W3MVZ\A$%%ZG:L:O\`VG_F



]@5_5S.A+Z





@-9_8R,PAUE)4BL1-BD\BADAQNP!0FD(F!9@K',;9$

M$Z.YFE8*7`(A7*
$Y2


M0&L

T6

S
M0W;9%K&P+73ZG8+;H-\`HSHQIDP:U;

MDDI/D!E0EFR#SG7XX)9:0[;!=%-Q=0O8V@5(GLM::\W@0JW95SK96?\`)D=9





1ZD)




KFM


1I@@ZOG1$S-%FPI


JSA
CS80]E'Q
MBD;OWA$.DP;(F0I(6?V0_77U8V7E!P3+M1O^KT*F5^D5I56H0R\*ZLC4ZF5V


M#KYX90QVN=@$:$N

M:5_3]9*_Y/ZU756IJY7Z(N_FS!!B


M



7]/.:/


G#2D9?GK1T

/:U&RW_:HEGY+`NG`IY7
M&_9RZY&4P3&%)!7H?'O0PAS-S2I///!G'-YE9
6/Y'.'H$`^IS7



`
end


















        


        




        


        




        


        




        


        




        


        
        




        


        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        


        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        


        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        


        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        


        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        



      


      




          


          




      


      

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


200&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Accounts receivable
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;2
531
700&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;2
308

910
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;1
799

900&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;126

677
300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;4
422

225
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;1
225

864
600&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;10
349

400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;231

800&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;462

507

689

887


584
300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;1
511

300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;824

100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;473

809
400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;3
704

982
400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;4
280

407
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;3
315

198
800&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;11
300

100
300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;15
100

600&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;227

019

938

308
300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;5
389

507

689


228

138

383
900&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;12
037
300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Selling
 marketing
 and retail expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;1
754
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;1
698

984
600&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;1
912

300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;490



500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;158










086



081


400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;(725

700&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;4
881


694





900&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;164
300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Cash
 beginning of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;187
200&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;64
900&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Cash




 it had net losses in previous years. Because of the&#13;uncertainty of realization of any tax assets
 the Company provided a full valuation allowance against its net deferred tax assets&#13;at December 31
 2012 and 2011. Consequently

700&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;7

700&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;7





800&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;1

900&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;(42

400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;22

800&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;1
334


398



 the Company&#13;changed its assumptions in 2011 regarding the tax effects of utilizing net operating losses
 its investment in its subsidiary in&#13;the United Kingdom

282

299

827

677

600&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;75

558
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;3
697

558

697


398

487
000 and expire beginning 2017 and ending in&#13;2032. The US state operating losses total approximately $926
000 and expire beginning in 2014 and ending 2029. The Company&amp;#146;s&#13;UK operating losses total approximately $3
073

 2010
 and 2011; the Company expects to file its 2012 returns in&#13;the summer of 2013. California may still examine 2008 because of its longer statute of limitations. Additional years may be examined&#13;in the event of criminal tax fraud


&#13;the Company brews its brands in its own facilities
 which are located in Ukiah
 California and Saratoga Springs
 New York. This&#13;segment accounted for approximately 43% and 42% of the Company&amp;#146;s gross sales during the years 2012 and 2011

 which are conducted through its wholly-owned subsidiary UBIUK and UBIUK&amp;#146;s wholly-owned subsidiary KBEL
 consist&#13;primarily of the marketing and distribution of Kingfisher Premium Lager in the Foreign Territory through Indian restaurants
 chain&#13;retail grocers
 liquor stores


319

016

335

300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;695
900&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;935

775
100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;4
440
800&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;3
035
600&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;20
251

000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;432
100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;1
048

086
600&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;416
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;1
503


195

015

211

300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;(122


148
600&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;4
484
200&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;3
084
900&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;19
717

300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;855
700&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;1
488

800&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;519
100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;1
025


&#13;UBIUK
 has cumulative losses of approximately &amp;#163;1
428
000 ($2
322
200) as of December 31
 2012. Under KBEL&amp;#146;s line of&#13;credit agreement with RBS
 distributions and other payments to the Company from its subsidiary are not permitted if the subsidiary&amp;#146;s&#13;retained earnings drop below &amp;#163;1
000
000 ($1
626


200&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Accounts receivable
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;2
531
700&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;2
308

910
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;1
799

900&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;126

677
300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;4
422

225
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;1
225

864
600&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;10
349

400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;231

800&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;462

507

689

887


584
300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;1
511

300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;824

100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;473

809
400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;3
704

982
400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;4
280

407
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;3
315

198
800&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;11
300

100
300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;15
100

600&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;227

019

938

308
300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;5
389

507

689

228

138

383
900&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;12
037
300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Selling
 marketing
 and retail expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;1
754
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;1
698

984
600&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;1
912

300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;490



500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;158









086



081


400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;(725

700&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;4
881


694





900&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;164
300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Cash
 beginning of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;187
200&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;64
900&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Cash



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 the federal excise tax is $7 per barrel on the first 60
000 barrels of beer removed for consumption&#13;or sale during a calendar year
 and $18 per barrel for each barrel in excess of 60

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

&#13;vehicles and office equipment under agreements that are classified as capital leases. The future minimum lease payments required&#13;under the capital leases and the present value of the net minimum lease payments as of December 31
 2012


200&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;3



    
    
    
    

 and accounts receivable.&#13;Substantially all of the Company&amp;#146;s cash and cash equivalents are deposited with commercial banks that have minimal credit&#13;risk
 in the US and the UK. Accounts receivable are generally unsecured and customers are subject to an initial credit review and&#13;ongoing monitoring. Wholesale distributors account for substantially all accounts receivable; therefore
 this risk concentration&#13;is limited due to the number of distributors and the laws regulating the financial affairs of distributors of alcoholic beverages.&#13;The Company has approximately $75
300 in cash deposits and $2
889
900 of accounts receivable due from customers located in the&#13;UK as of December 31

&#13;work stoppages or other disruptions in production that could adversely affect it. As of December 31
 2012
 union represented approximately&#13;18% of the Company&amp;#146;s US-based workforce. On that date
 the Company had approximately fourteen employees at its California&#13;(&amp;#147;CA&amp;#148;) facility who were working under a collective bargaining agreement. The agreement covering the CA facility expires&#13;on July 31

245
700 and $10
576
900 for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 which represents 23% and 26% of sales for the years&#13;ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively. Gross sales to Shepherd Neame for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011 was&#13;$3
527
000 and $5
063
000


 of which 227
600 are designated as Series A. Series A shareholders are entitled to receive cash dividends and/or&#13;liquidation proceeds equal
 in the aggregate
 to $1.00 per share before any cash dividends are paid on the common stock or any&#13;other series of preferred stock. When the entire Series A dividend/liquidation proceeds have been paid

    
    

282

299

827

677

600&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;75

558
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;3
697

558

697


398




800&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;1

900&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;(42

400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;22

800&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;1
334


398




700&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;7

700&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;7



    
    


319

016

335

300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;695
900&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;935

775
100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;4
440
800&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;3
035
600&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;20
251

000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;432
100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;1
048

086
600&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;416
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;1
503


195

015

211

300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;(122


148
600&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;4
484
200&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;3
084
900&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;19
717

300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;855
700&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;1
488

800&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;519
100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;1
025

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

 Inc.
 (&amp;#147;the&#13;Company&amp;#148; or &amp;#147;MBC&amp;#148;)
 was formed in 1983 in California
 and has two operating subsidiaries: Releta Brewing Company
&#13;LLC
 (&amp;#147;Releta&amp;#148;)
 and United Breweries International (UK) Limited (&amp;#147;UBIUK&amp;#148;). In the United States (&amp;#147;US&amp;#148;)
&#13;MBC and its subsidiary
 Releta
 operate two breweries that produce beer and malt beverages for the specialty &amp;#147;craft&amp;#148;&#13;segment of the beer market. The breweries are located in Ukiah
 California and Saratoga Springs
 New York. The majority of sales&#13;for Mendocino Brewing Company in the US are in California. The Company brews several brands
 of which Red Tail Ale is the flagship&#13;brand. In addition
 the Company performs contract brewing for several other brands
 and MBC holds the license to distribute Kingfisher&#13;Lager Beer in the US and Canada. Generally

 UBIUK
 is a holding company for Kingfisher Beer Europe Limited (&amp;#147;KBEL&amp;#148;) which
 prior to March 30
 2011
&#13;was known as UBSN Limited (&amp;#147;UBSN&amp;#148;). KBEL is a distributor of alcoholic beverages
 mainly Kingfisher Lager Beer
 in&#13;the United Kingdom and Europe. The distributorship is located in Maidstone

 but before financial statements are issued for periods ending on such balance sheet&#13;dates

 Inc.
 and its wholly-owned subsidiaries
 Releta and UBIUK. All material intracompany&#13;and inter-company balances

 2012 and 2011 have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States.&#13;The financial statements and notes are representations of the management and the Board of Directors



 export duties
 or government regulations

&#13;subject to established credit limits
 and generally no collateral is required. The allowance for doubtful accounts is the Company&amp;#146;s&#13;best estimate of the amount of probable credit losses in the Company&amp;#146;s existing accounts receivable; however

 past transaction&#13;history with the customer
 current economic and industry trends and changes in customer payment terms. Past due balances over 90&#13;days and other higher risk amounts are reviewed individually for collectibility. If the financial condition of the Company&amp;#146;s&#13;customers were to deteriorate
 adversely affecting their ability to make payments
 additional allowances would be required. Based&#13;on management&amp;#146;s assessment
 the Company provides for estimated uncollectible amounts through a charge to earnings and a credit&#13;to a valuation allowance. Balances that remain outstanding after the Company has used reasonable collection efforts are written&#13;off through a charge to the valuation allowance and a credit to accounts receivable. As of December 31
 2012 and 2011
 the Company&#13;maintained a reserve of $207
800 and $240
200 of potentially doubtful accounts receivable

 which approximates the first-in
 first-out method
 or market (net realizable value). The Company regularly reviews its inventories&#13;for the presence of obsolete product attributed to age

 other receivables

 accelerated depreciation methods) for tax purposes where appropriate. Costs of maintenance and repairs are&#13;charged to expense as incurred; significant renewals and betterments are capitalized. When property and equipment are retired
&#13;sold
 or otherwise disposed of

 (Accounting for&#13;the Impairment and Disposal of Long-Lived Assets). The Company reviews the carrying value of property and equipment and any other&#13;long-lived assets for impairment annually or whenever events and circumstances indicate that the carrying value of an asset may&#13;not be recoverable from the estimated future cash flows expected to result from its use and eventual disposition. In cases where&#13;undiscounted expected future cash flows are less than the carrying value
 an impairment loss is recognized equal to an amount by&#13;which the carrying value exceeds the fair value of assets. The factors considered by management in performing this assessment include&#13;current operating results
 trends
 and prospects
 as well as the effects of obsolescence
 demand
 competition
 and other economic&#13;factors. Long-lived assets that management commits to sell or abandon are reported at the lower of carrying amount or fair value&#13;less cost to sell. During the year ended December 31
 2012
 the Company recorded no impairment losses and during the year ended&#13;December 31
 2011 the Company recorded impairment losses of $17

 any unamortized financing costs are removed from&#13;the related accounts and charged to operations. Deferred financing costs of $311
300 related to loans repaid in June 2011 were&#13;fully amortized as of June 30
 2011. Deferred financing costs related to new borrowing made in June 2011 were $225
000. Amortization&#13;of deferred financing costs charged to operations was $45
000 and $55
200 for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011

 deferred taxes are provided for the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying&#13;amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. Deferred tax assets&#13;and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary&#13;differences are expected to be recovered or settled. Deferred tax assets are recognized for deductible temporary differences and&#13;operating loss





 including beer. For brewers producing less than 2.0 million barrels of beer per calendar year
&#13;the federal excise tax is $7 per barrel on the first 60
000 barrels of beer removed for consumption or sale during a calendar year
&#13;and $18 per barrel for each barrel in excess of 60
000. Individual states also impose excise taxes on alcoholic beverages in varying&#13;amounts
 which have also been subject to change. Sales as presented in the Company&amp;#146;s statements of operations
 reflect the&#13;amount invoiced to the Company&amp;#146;s wholesalers and other customers. Excise taxes due to federal and state agencies are not&#13;collected from the Company&amp;#146;s customers
 but rather are the responsibility of the Company. Net sales
 as presented in the&#13;Company&amp;#146;s statements of operations
 are reduced by applicable federal and state excise taxes. In the UK

 the Company regularly offers price discounts to distributors and retailers in&#13;most of its markets. Sales for the years 2012 and 2011
 as presented in the Company&amp;#146;s statements of operations
 are reduced&#13;by $1
330
800 and $1
523
000 respectively

 the Company analyzes actual chargeback amounts and applies historical chargeback rates to estimates&#13;potential chargeback. The Company routinely assesses its experience with distributors and adjusts the reserves accordingly. If&#13;actual chargebacks and other rebates are greater than the Company&amp;#146;s estimates

 with the first and fourth quarters historically being the slowest and the rest of the year generating stronger sales.&#13;The volume of sales may also be affected by weather conditions. Because of the seasonality of the Company&amp;#146;s business



 distribution and administrative expenses. These costs are considered&#13;marketing related because in addition to product delivery
 wholesalers provide marketing and other customer service functions to&#13;customers including product display
 shelf space management
 distribution of promotional materials
 and product rotation. Shipping&#13;costs included in marketing expense totaled $914
200 and $854
800
 for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011

 the effect of any potentially dilutive securities would have been anti-dilutive. Therefore
 the conversion of&#13;the related party notes has been excluded from the calculation of net earnings per share for the year ended December 31

400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;49

611
133&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;12
481



288

899
235&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;12
481

 where the local currency
 UK Pound Sterling
 is the functional currency. Financial statements of these subsidiaries are translated&#13;into U.S. dollars using period-end exchange rates for assets and liabilities and average exchange rates during the period for revenues&#13;and expenses. Cumulative translation adjustments associated with net assets or liabilities are reported in non-owner changes in&#13;equity. Any exchange rate gains or losses related to foreign currency transactions are recognized in the income statement as incurred
&#13;in the same financial statement caption as the underlying transaction

 2012 and 2011

 liabilities
 revenues and expenses
 and disclosure of contingent assets&#13;and liabilities. The amounts estimated could differ from actual results. Significant estimates include
 allowance for doubtful&#13;accounts
 depreciation and amortization periods

700 and $1
116
300 for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011


 2012 and 2011

 which consist primarily of cash and cash equivalents
 accounts receivable
 other current assets
 accounts payable&#13;and accrued expenses
 approximate the fair value of the respective assets and liabilities at December 31
 2012 and December 31
&#13;2011 based upon the short-term nature of the assets and liabilities. Based on borrowing rates currently available to the Company&#13;for loans with similar terms

 tavern and tasting room operations in the US and Canada (the &amp;#147;North American&#13;Territory&amp;#148;) and (ii) distributor operations in Europe (including Austria
 Belgium
 Denmark
 Ireland
 Italy
 the Netherlands
&#13;France
 Finland
 Germany
 Greece
 Iceland
 Liechtenstein
 Luxembourg
 Norway
 Portugal
 Spain
 Sweden
 Switzerland
 and the United&#13;Kingdom) (the &amp;#147;Foreign Territory&amp;#148;). The Company evaluates performance based on net operating profit. Where applicable
&#13;portions of the administrative function expenses are allocated between the operating segments. The operating segments do not share&#13;manufacturing or distribution facilities. In the event any materials and/or services are provided to one operating segment by the&#13;other
 the transaction is valued according to the Company&amp;#146;s transfer policy
 which approximates market price. The costs of&#13;operating the manufacturing plants are captured discretely within each segment. The Company&amp;#146;s property
 plant and equipment
&#13;inventory

 the FASB amended its guidance&#13;related to the disclosure of offsetting assets and liabilities. The amended guidance will require disclosures for entities with&#13;financial instruments and derivatives that are either offset on the balance sheet or subject to a master netting arrangement. The&#13;provisions of the amended guidance will be effective for the Company beginning in the first quarter of 2013. The Company does not&#13;expect its adoption will have a material impact on the Company&amp;#146;s results of operations

 the FASB issued ASU No. 2012-02
&#13;Intangibles-Goodwill and Other (Topic 350) which simplifies the impairment test for indefinite-lived intangible assets other than&#13;goodwill. ASU No. 2012-02 gives the option to first assess qualitative factors to determine if it is more likely than not that&#13;the fair value of an indefinite-lived intangible asset is less than its carrying amounts as a basis for determining whether it&#13;is necessary to perform a quantitative valuation test. ASU No. 2012-02 is effective for fiscal years and interim periods beginning&#13;on or after September 15
 2012. The Company conducted its annual impairment assessment as of October 1
 which included adoption&#13;of this guidance. The adoption of this guidance on October 1
 2012 did not have a significant impact on the Company&amp;#146;s consolidated&#13;financial position

 the Financial Accounting&#13;Standards Board (&amp;#147;FASB&amp;#148;) issued Accounting Standards Update (&amp;#147;ASU&amp;#148;) No. 2013-02
 Reporting of Amounts Reclassified&#13;Out of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income requiring new disclosures regarding reclassification adjustments from accumulated&#13;other comprehensive income (&amp;#147;AOCI&amp;#148;). ASU No. 2013-02 requires disclosure of amounts reclassified out of AOCI in its&#13;entirety
 by component
 on the face of the statement of operations or in the notes. The standard is effective for fiscal years&#13;beginning after December 15

 the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants&#13;(&amp;#147;AICPA&amp;#148;)


 Inc.
 (&amp;#147;the&#13;Company&amp;#148; or &amp;#147;MBC&amp;#148;)
 was formed in 1983 in California
 and has two operating subsidiaries: Releta Brewing Company
&#13;LLC
 (&amp;#147;Releta&amp;#148;)
 and United Breweries International (UK) Limited (&amp;#147;UBIUK&amp;#148;). In the United States (&amp;#147;US&amp;#148;)
&#13;MBC and its subsidiary
 Releta
 operate two breweries that produce beer and malt beverages for the specialty &amp;#147;craft&amp;#148;&#13;segment of the beer market. The breweries are located in Ukiah
 California and Saratoga Springs
 New York. The majority of sales&#13;for Mendocino Brewing Company in the US are in California. The Company brews several brands
 of which Red Tail Ale is the flagship&#13;brand. In addition
 the Company performs contract brewing for several other brands
 and MBC holds the license to distribute Kingfisher&#13;Lager Beer in the US and Canada. Generally

 UBIUK
 is a holding company for Kingfisher Beer Europe Limited (&amp;#147;KBEL&amp;#148;) which
 prior to March 30
 2011
&#13;was known as UBSN Limited (&amp;#147;UBSN&amp;#148;). KBEL is a distributor of alcoholic beverages
 mainly Kingfisher Lager Beer
 in&#13;the United Kingdom and Europe. The distributorship is located in Maidstone


 but before financial statements are issued for periods ending on such balance sheet&#13;dates


 Inc.
 and its wholly-owned subsidiaries
 Releta and UBIUK. All material intracompany&#13;and inter-company balances


 2012 and 2011 have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States.&#13;The financial statements and notes are representations of the management and the Board of Directors

    




 export duties
 or government regulations


&#13;subject to established credit limits
 and generally no collateral is required. The allowance for doubtful accounts is the Company&amp;#146;s&#13;best estimate of the amount of probable credit losses in the Company&amp;#146;s existing accounts receivable; however

 past transaction&#13;history with the customer
 current economic and industry trends and changes in customer payment terms. Past due balances over&#13;90 days and other higher risk amounts are reviewed individually for collectibility. If the financial condition of the Company&amp;#146;s&#13;customers were to deteriorate
 adversely affecting their ability to make payments
 additional allowances would be required. Based&#13;on management&amp;#146;s assessment
 the Company provides for estimated uncollectible amounts through a charge to earnings and a&#13;credit to a valuation allowance. Balances that remain outstanding after the Company has used reasonable collection efforts are&#13;written off through a charge to the valuation allowance and a credit to accounts receivable. As of December 31
 2012 and 2011
&#13;the Company maintained a reserve of $207
800 and $240
200 of potentially doubtful accounts receivable


 which approximates the first-in
 first-out method
 or market (net realizable value). The Company regularly reviews its inventories&#13;for the presence of obsolete product attributed to age


 other receivables


 accelerated depreciation methods) for tax purposes where appropriate. Costs of maintenance and repairs are&#13;charged to expense as incurred; significant renewals and betterments are capitalized. When property and equipment are retired
&#13;sold
 or otherwise disposed of

 (Accounting for&#13;the Impairment and Disposal of Long-Lived Assets). The Company reviews the carrying value of property and equipment and any other&#13;long-lived assets for impairment annually or whenever events and circumstances indicate that the carrying value of an asset may&#13;not be recoverable from the estimated future cash flows expected to result from its use and eventual disposition. In cases where&#13;undiscounted expected future cash flows are less than the carrying value
 an impairment loss is recognized equal to an amount&#13;by which the carrying value exceeds the fair value of assets. The factors considered by management in performing this assessment&#13;include current operating results
 trends
 and prospects
 as well as the effects of obsolescence
 demand
 competition
 and other&#13;economic factors. Long-lived assets that management commits to sell or abandon are reported at the lower of carrying amount or&#13;fair value less cost to sell. During the year ended December 31
 2012
 the Company recorded no impairment losses and during the&#13;year ended December 31
 2011 the Company recorded impairment losses of $17


 any unamortized financing costs are&#13;removed from the related accounts and charged to operations. Deferred financing costs of $311
300 related to loans repaid in June&#13;2011 were fully amortized as of June 30
 2011. Deferred financing costs related to new borrowing made in June 2011 were $225
000.&#13;Amortization of deferred financing costs charged to operations was $45
000 and $55
200 for the years ended December 31
 2012 and&#13;2011


 deferred taxes are provided for the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying&#13;amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. Deferred tax assets&#13;and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary&#13;differences are expected to be recovered or settled. Deferred tax assets are recognized for deductible temporary differences and&#13;operating loss







 including beer. For brewers producing less than 2.0 million barrels of beer per calendar year
&#13;the federal excise tax is $7 per barrel on the first 60
000 barrels of beer removed for consumption or sale during a calendar&#13;year
 and $18 per barrel for each barrel in excess of 60
000. Individual states also impose excise taxes on alcoholic beverages&#13;in varying amounts
 which have also been subject to change. Sales as presented in the Company&amp;#146;s statements of operations
&#13;reflect the amount invoiced to the Company&amp;#146;s wholesalers and other customers. Excise taxes due to federal and state agencies&#13;are not collected from the Company&amp;#146;s customers
 but rather are the responsibility of the Company. Net sales
 as presented&#13;in the Company&amp;#146;s statements of operations
 are reduced by applicable federal and state excise taxes. In the UK


 the Company regularly offers price discounts to distributors and retailers in&#13;most of its markets. Sales for the years 2012 and 2011
 as presented in the Company&amp;#146;s statements of operations
 are reduced&#13;by $1
330
800 and $1
523
000 respectively


 the Company analyzes actual chargeback amounts and applies historical chargeback rates to estimates&#13;potential chargeback. The Company routinely assesses its experience with distributors and adjusts the reserves accordingly. If&#13;actual chargebacks and other rebates are greater than the Company&amp;#146;s estimates


 with the first and fourth quarters historically being the slowest and the rest of the year generating stronger&#13;sales. The volume of sales may also be affected by weather conditions. Because of the seasonality of the Company&amp;#146;s business





 distribution and administrative expenses. These costs are considered&#13;marketing related because in addition to product delivery
 wholesalers provide marketing and other customer service functions&#13;to customers including product display
 shelf space management
 distribution of promotional materials
 and product rotation. Shipping&#13;costs included in marketing expense totaled $914
200 and $854
800
 for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011


 the effect of any potentially dilutive securities would have been anti-dilutive. Therefore
 the conversion of&#13;the related party notes has been excluded from the calculation of net earnings per share for the year ended December 31

400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;49

611
133&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;12
481



288

899
235&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;12
481


 where the local currency
 UK Pound Sterling
 is the functional currency. Financial statements of these subsidiaries are translated&#13;into U.S. dollars using period-end exchange rates for assets and liabilities and average exchange rates during the period for revenues&#13;and expenses. Cumulative translation adjustments associated with net assets or liabilities are reported in non-owner changes in&#13;equity. Any exchange rate gains or losses related to foreign currency transactions are recognized in the income statement as incurred
&#13;in the same financial statement caption as the underlying transaction

 2012 and 2011


 liabilities
 revenues and expenses
 and disclosure of contingent assets&#13;and liabilities. The amounts estimated could differ from actual results. Significant estimates include
 allowance for doubtful&#13;accounts
 depreciation and amortization periods


700 and $1
116
300 for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011



 2012 and 2011

 which consist primarily of cash and cash equivalents
 accounts receivable
 other current assets
 accounts payable&#13;and accrued expenses
 approximate the fair value of the respective assets and liabilities at December 31
 2012 and December 31
&#13;2011 based upon the short-term nature of the assets and liabilities. Based on borrowing rates currently available to the Company&#13;for loans with similar terms

    

 tavern and tasting room operations in the US and Canada (the &amp;#147;North American&#13;Territory&amp;#148;) and (ii) distributor operations in Europe (including Austria
 Belgium
 Denmark
 Ireland
 Italy
 the Netherlands
&#13;France
 Finland
 Germany
 Greece
 Iceland
 Liechtenstein
 Luxembourg
 Norway
 Portugal
 Spain
 Sweden
 Switzerland
 and the United&#13;Kingdom) (the &amp;#147;Foreign Territory&amp;#148;). The Company evaluates performance based on net operating profit. Where applicable
&#13;portions of the administrative function expenses are allocated between the operating segments. The operating segments do not share&#13;manufacturing or distribution facilities. In the event any materials and/or services are provided to one operating segment by&#13;the other
 the transaction is valued according to the Company&amp;#146;s transfer policy
 which approximates market price. The costs&#13;of operating the manufacturing plants are captured discretely within each segment. The Company&amp;#146;s property
 plant and equipment
&#13;inventory


 the FASB amended its guidance&#13;related to the disclosure of offsetting assets and liabilities. The amended guidance will require disclosures for entities with&#13;financial instruments and derivatives that are either offset on the balance sheet or subject to a master netting arrangement. The&#13;provisions of the amended guidance will be effective for the Company beginning in the first quarter of 2013. The Company does not&#13;expect its adoption will have a material impact on the Company&amp;#146;s results of operations

 the FASB issued ASU No. 2012-02
&#13;Intangibles-Goodwill and Other (Topic 350) which simplifies the impairment test for indefinite-lived intangible assets other than&#13;goodwill. ASU No. 2012-02 gives the option to first assess qualitative factors to determine if it is more likely than not that&#13;the fair value of an indefinite-lived intangible asset is less than its carrying amounts as a basis for determining whether it&#13;is necessary to perform a quantitative valuation test. ASU No. 2012-02 is effective for fiscal years and interim periods beginning&#13;on or after September 15
 2012. The Company conducted its annual impairment assessment as of October 1
 which included adoption&#13;of this guidance. The adoption of this guidance on October 1
 2012 did not have a significant impact on the Company&amp;#146;s consolidated&#13;financial position

 the Financial Accounting&#13;Standards Board (&amp;#147;FASB&amp;#148;) issued Accounting Standards Update (&amp;#147;ASU&amp;#148;) No. 2013-02
 Reporting of Amounts Reclassified&#13;Out of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income requiring new disclosures regarding reclassification adjustments from accumulated&#13;other comprehensive income (&amp;#147;AOCI&amp;#148;). ASU No. 2013-02 requires disclosure of amounts reclassified out of AOCI in its&#13;entirety
 by component
 on the face of the statement of operations or in the notes. The standard is effective for fiscal years&#13;beginning after December 15

 the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants&#13;(&amp;#147;AICPA&amp;#148;)

    

400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;49

611
133&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;12
481



288

899
235&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;12
481


 2011
 MBC and Releta entered into&#13;a Credit and Security Agreement (the &amp;#147;Agreement&amp;#148;) with Cole Taylor Bank
 an Illinois banking corporation (&amp;#147;Cole&#13;Taylor&amp;#148;). The Agreement provides a credit facility of up to $10
000
000 with a maturity date of June 23
 2016 consisting&#13;of a $4
119
000 revolving facility
 a $1
934
000 machinery &amp;#38; equipment term loan
 a $2
947
000 real estate term loan and a&#13;$1
000
000 capital expenditure line of credit. The proceeds were used to repay credit facilities provided by Marquette Business&#13;Credit

 2012
 MBC had cash and cash&#13;equivalents of $198
500
 an accumulated deficit of $13
830
700 and a working capital deficit of $2
913

 2013
 United Breweries (Holdings)&#13;Limited (&amp;#147;UBHL&amp;#148;) issued a letter of financial support on behalf of KBEL (the &amp;#147;Letter of Support&amp;#148;)
 to KBEL&amp;#146;s&#13;accountants
 to confirm that UBHL had agreed to provide funding on an as needed basis to KBEL to ensure that KBEL is able to meet&#13;its financial obligations as and when they fall due. There is no maximum dollar limit on the amount of funds which UBHL will provide&#13;to KBEL specified in the Letter of Support. The type of financial support provided by UBHL and the terms of such financial support&#13;are not specified in the Letter of Support. UBHL&amp;#146;s financial support to KBEL is contingent upon compliance with any applicable&#13;exchange control requirements and other applicable laws and regulations relating to the transfer of funds from India to the UK.&#13;The Letter of Support was issued for at least a one year minimum period which runs through March 22
 2014. MBC&amp;#146;s management&#13;intends to request that UBHL continue to keep the Letter of Support in force beyond the minimum specified period
 if necessary.&#13;UBHL controls our two largest shareholders
 UBA and Inversiones Mirabel S.A.
 respectively
 and as such UBHL is the Company&amp;#146;s&#13;indirect majority shareholder. UBHL represented in the Letter of Support that it has the requisite financial resources to meet&#13;its commitment to KBEL under the Letter of Support. The Chairman of MBC&amp;#146;s Board of Directors
 Dr. Vijay Mallya

 2014
 including reductions in discretionary expenditures

 it may result in a material adverse effect&#13;on the Company&amp;#146;s financial position and on its ability to continue operations. In addition
 if the Company is in default&#13;under its secured credit facilities


 consisting of materials
 materials&#13;overhead
 labor
 and manufacturing overhead



600&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;325

300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;582

600&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;41

910

799


 consisting of materials
 materials&#13;overhead
 labor
 and manufacturing overhead



600&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;325

300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;582

600&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;41

910

799


 at cost less accumulated depreciation

772

357

222
100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;7
222

700&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;183

900&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;810

459
600&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;1
443

000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;235

600&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;358

500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;377
400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;22
661
400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;22
989

724

597

937

391

 2012 and 2011 was $1
048
100 and $1
488
000


 at cost less accumulated depreciation

772

357

222
100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;7
222

700&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;183

900&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;810

459
600&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;1
443

000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;235

600&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;358

500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;377
400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;22
661
400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;22
989

724

597

937

391

    
    

 Cole Taylor provided a line of credit drawable up to 85% of eligible receivables and 60% of eligible inventory for&#13;a period up to June 2016. The borrowings are collateralized
 with recourse
 by MBC&amp;#146;s and Releta&amp;#146;s trade receivables&#13;and inventory located in the US. This facility carries interest at a rate of either LIBOR plus 3.5% or prime plus 1% and is secured&#13;by substantially all of the assets
 excluding real property
 of Releta and MBC. The amount outstanding on this line of credit&#13;as of December 31
 2012 was approximately $1
887
700. Included in the Company&amp;#146;s balance sheet as accounts receivable at&#13;December 31
 2012
 are account balances totaling $2
531
700 of accounts receivables and $1
910

 2005
 Royal Bank of Scotland Commercial Services Limited (&amp;#147;RBS&amp;#148;) provided an invoice discounting facility&#13;to KBEL for a maximum amount of &amp;#163;1
750
000 based on 80% prepayment against qualified accounts receivable related to KBEL&amp;#146;s&#13;UK customers. The initial term of the facility was for a one year period after which time the facility could be terminated by&#13;either party by providing the other party with six months notice. The facility carries an interest rate of 1.38% above the RBS&#13;base rate and a service charge of 0.10% of each invoice discounted. The amount outstanding on this line of credit as of December&#13;31
 2012 was approximately $1
272

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 payable in monthly installments of $12
300
 plus interest at prime plus 2% with a balloon payment of approximately $2
210

718

885
600&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Loan from Cole Taylor
 payable in monthly installments of $25
200 including interest at prime plus 1.5% with a balloon payment of approximately $552
600 in June 2016; secured by all assets of Releta and MBC
 excluding real property at Ukiah.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;1
714
100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;1
818
900&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;4
432
400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;4
704

000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;423

982

280





082

432

 2013
 MBC
 Releta and Cole Taylor Bank entered into an amendment to the loan documents which&#13;clarified the method by which the fixed charge coverage ratio shall be calculated. To the extent MBC and Releta may have been&#13;in breach of the covenants related to the fixed charge coverage ratio for certain periods



 payable in monthly installments of $12
300
 plus interest at prime plus 2% with a balloon payment of approximately $2
210

718

885
600&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Loan from Cole Taylor
 payable in monthly installments of $25
200 including interest at prime plus 1.5% with a balloon payment of approximately $552
600 in June 2016; secured by all assets of Releta and MBC
 excluding real property at Ukiah.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;1
714
100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;1
818
900&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;4
432
400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;4
704

000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;423

982

280






082

432

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

 vehicles and office equipment under agreements that are classified as capital leases.&#13;The future minimum lease payments required under the capital leases and the present value of the net minimum lease payments as&#13;of December 31
 2012






400 and $43
100 for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011

    
    
    
    
    

 including malt and hops for beer. The Company fulfills its commodities&#13;requirements through purchases from various sources


155




472

 and such assessment inherently involves an exercise of judgment. In assessing&#13;loss contingencies related to legal proceedings that are pending against the Company or unasserted claims that may result in such&#13;proceedings

 then the estimated&#13;liability would be accrued in the Company&amp;#146;s financial statements. If the assessment indicates that a potentially material&#13;loss contingency is not probable
 but is reasonably possible
 or is probable but cannot be estimated
 then the nature of the contingent&#13;liability
 together with an estimate of the range of possible loss if determinable and material
 would be disclosed. Loss contingencies&#13;considered remote are generally not disclosed unless they involve guarantees

 individually or in the aggregate

 non-cancelable operating lease agreements. The leases expire at various dates&#13;through 2015 and provide for renewal options ranging from month-to-month to five years. In the normal course of business
 it is&#13;expected that these leases will be renewed or replaced by leases on similar properties. The leases provide for increases in future&#13;minimum annual rental payments based on defined increases which are generally meant to correlate with the Consumer Price Index
&#13;subject to certain minimum increases. Also
 the agreements generally require the Company to pay certain costs (real estate taxes

 California; land at its Saratoga Springs
 New York
 facility; a building&#13;in the UK; and certain equipment. The New York lease includes renewal options for three additional five-year periods beginning&#13;in 2014
 which the Company intends to exercise
 and some leases are adjusted annually for changes in the consumer price index.&#13;Rent expense charged to operations was $324
400 and $304
600 for the years ended December 31








 the Company renewed the&#13;keg management agreement with MicroStar Keg Management LLC. Under this arrangement
 MicroStar provides all kegs for which the&#13;Company pays a service fee depending on the applicable territory. The agreement is effective for five years ending in September&#13;2014. If the agreement is terminated
 the Company is required to purchase four times the average monthly keg usage for the preceding&#13;six-month period from MicroStar. The Company expects to continue this relationship. Rental expense associated with this agreement&#13;was $82
100 and $59
100 for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011



155




472









    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

 which owns approximately 25% of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock. Additionally
 KBEL has significant transactions&#13;with Shepherd Neame
 Ltd.
 which is a related party to a former Board member. The following table reflects balances outstanding&#13;as of December 31
 2012 and 2011 and the value of the transactions with these related parties for the years ended December 31

527

063

192
200&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;17
310

030
900&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;1
167

300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;90

400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;7

894
900&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;4
856

300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;344

000 and $91
000 for the years ended December 31


 2012 and 2011 and the value of the transactions with these related parties for the years ended December&#13;31

527

063

192
200&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;17
310

030
900&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;1
167

300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;90

400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;7

894
900&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;4
856

300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;344

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

 but not to exceed 10% per&#13;year) of $3
407
000 and $3
315
700 as of December 31
 2012 and 2011. Thirteen of the UBA notes are convertible into common stock&#13;at $1.50 per share and one UBA note is convertible at a rate of $1.44 per share. The UBA notes have been extended until June 2013&#13;but have automatic renewals after such maturity date for successive one year terms
 provided that either the Company or UBA may&#13;elect not to extend the term upon written notice given to the other party no more than 60 days and no fewer than 30 days prior&#13;to the expiration of such term. UBA may demand payment within 60 days of the end of the extension period but is precluded from&#13;doing so because the notes are subordinated to long-term debt agreements with Cole Taylor maturing in June 2016. Therefore
 the&#13;Company will not require the use of working capital to repay any of the UBA notes until the Cole Taylor facilities are repaid.&#13;The UBA notes included $1
491
600 and $1
400
300 of accrued interest at December 31
 2012 and December 31
 2011

    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    





















	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  








































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      





      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      



 Plant and Equipment



      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      



 Series A
 no par value
 with liquidation preference of $1 per share; 10
000
000 shares authorized
 227




 no par value 30
000
000 shares authorized
 12
611



      


      


      


      



 Series A








 Series A




 Series A




 Series A



















      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      






      





      

      

      





      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      





      

      


      


      


      


      

      









      

      


      


      


      


      


      





      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      



 plant and equipment



      


 plant and equipment











      


      






      

      

      


      


      


      


      

      

      


      


      





      





















      










      


      

      


      










      


      






      


      


      


















      






















      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      







 cash dividends



      


      


      














      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      










      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      

      

      

      


      


      





      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      



 marketing



      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      








      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      




      

      




      

      

      

      


 Goods


      

      

      

      


 Extraordinary Items



 Net of Tax








      

      

      

      

      




      

      

      





 Plant and Equipment






 Plant and Equipment



 Depletion and Amortization
 Property
 Plant






 Future Minimum Payments



 Future Minimum Payments








      


 Future Minimum Payments Due



 Future Minimum Payments



 Future Minimum Payments



 Future Minimum Payments





      




      
















      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      














































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































    
  
      

          











Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]
        
        


        

772
000

357
500


        

222
100

222
100


        

700

700


        

900

900


        

459
600

443
900


        

000

100


        

600

500


        

500

400


Property
 plant and equipment
 gross

661
400

989
100


        

724
200)

597
200)


Property
 plant and equipment
 net

937
200

391
900




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 depletion and amortization (related to property
 plant and equipment
 but not including land) that has been recognized in the income statement.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 improvement
 or renovation to the structure
 including
 but not limited to
 interior masonry
 interior flooring
 electrical
 and plumbing.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 at the balance sheet date
 of long-lived assets under construction that include construction costs to date on capital projects that have not been completed and assets being constructed that are not ready to be placed into service.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 at the balance sheet date
 of long-lived
 depreciable assets commonly used in offices and stores. Examples include desks
 chairs
 and store fixtures.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 at the balance sheet date
 of long-lived
 depreciable assets that are an addition or improvement to assets held under lease arrangement.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as of the balance sheet date
 of long-lived
 depreciable assets used in the production process to produce goods and services.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization
 of long-lived physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment.
              
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        

487
000


        

000


        

073
000



          

        


Operating loss carryforwards
 expiration dates
        



          

        


Operating loss carryforwards
 expiration dates
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 43
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 43
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or the applicable range of such expiration dates.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          







        
        


Year Ending December 31
 2013

155
800


Year Ending December 31
 2014

200


Year Ending December 31
 2015

200


Year Ending December 31
 2016

600


        

472
800




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including but not limited to
 long-term debt
 capital lease obligations
 operating lease obligations
 purchase obligations
 and other commitments.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        


Provision for income taxes
 US Federal
        
        


Provision for income taxes
 US States

700

100


        

700

100


        
        
        


        

700

100




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -Subparagraph a
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        
        
        
        

      










 2012

          



 2012

          



 2012

          



Percentage of convertible notes interest
 prime rate plus
        
        
        
        
        


Percentage of convertible notes interest rate
 maximum
        
        
        
        
        


        

407
000

315
700
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


Convertible notes payable maturity date
 description
        
        
        
        
The UBA notes have been extended until June
2013 but have automatic renewals after such maturity date for successive one year terms
 provided that either the Company or UBA
may elect not to extend the term upon written notice given to the other party no more than 60 days and no fewer than 30 days prior
to the expiration of such term. UBA may demand payment within 60 days of the end of the extension period but is precluded from
doing so because the notes are subordinated to long-term debt agreements with Cole Taylor maturing in June 2016.


        

491
600

400
300
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 carrying value as of the balance sheet date of a written promise to pay a note
 initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle if longer
 which can be exchanged for a specified amount of one or more securities (typically common stock)
 at the option of the issuer or the holder.
              
 -Paragraph 20
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the highest stated (contractual) rate for funds borrowed under the debt agreement as of the balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the lowest stated (contractual) rate for funds borrowed under the debt agreement as of the balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if so
 a brief description of the serial maturities.
              
 -Paragraph 2
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including trade payables
 that has been incurred and is unpaid.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        
        

      














        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Allowance for doubtful accounts receivables
 reserve

800

200
        


        
        

600
        


        
        
        

300


        
        
        

000


        

000

200
        


        
For brewers producing less than 2.0 million
barrels of beer per calendar year
 the federal excise tax is $7 per barrel on the first 60
000 barrels of beer removed for consumption
or sale during a calendar year
 and $18 per barrel for each barrel in excess of 60
000.
        
        


        

330
800

523
000
        


        

200

800
        


        

700

116
300
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which are expenses incurred with the objective of increasing revenue for a specified brand
 product or product line.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 45
 46
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including
 but not limited to
 early payments of accounts due
 (ii) the total deduction from sales during the period arising from goods returned by customers (other than under warranty provisions)
 and (iii) price reductions (allowance
 price protection agreements) given by the entity. Discounts
 returns and allowances are a deduction from gross revenue in arriving at net revenue.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















/* Updated 2009-11-04 */
/* v2.2.0.24 */
/* DefRef Styles */
..report table.authRefData{
	background-color: #def;
	border: 2px solid #2F4497;
	font-size: 1em;
	position: absolute;
}
..report table.authRefData a {
	display: block;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report table.authRefData p {
	margin-top: 0px;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide {
	background-color: #2F4497;
	padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px;
	text-align: right;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover {
	background-color: #2F4497;
}
..report table.authRefData .body {
	height: 150px;
	overflow: auto;
	width: 400px;
}
..report table.authRefData table{
	font-size: 1em;
}
/* Report Styles */
..pl a
 .pl a:visited {
	color: black;
	text-decoration: none;
}
/* table */
..report {
	background-color: white;
	border: 2px solid #acf;
	clear: both;
	color: black;
	font: normal 8pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	margin-bottom: 2em;
}
..report hr {
	border: 1px solid #acf;
}
/* Top labels */
..report th {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
	text-align: center;
}
..report th.void	{
	background-color: transparent;
	color: #000000;
	font: bold 10pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	text-align: left;
}
..report .pl {
	text-align: left;
	vertical-align: top;
	white-space: normal;
	width: 200px;
	word-wrap: break-word;
}
..report td.pl a.a {
	cursor: pointer;
	display: block;
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl div.a {
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl a:hover {
	background-color: #ffc;
}
/* Header rows... */
..report tr.rh {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
}
/* Calendars... */
..report .rc {
	background-color: #f0f0f0;
}
/* Even rows... */
..report .re
 .report .reu {
	background-color: #def;
}
..report .reu td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
/* Odd rows... */
..report .ro
 .report .rou {
	background-color: white;
}
..report .rou td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
..report .rou table td
 .report .reu table td {
	border-bottom: 0px solid black;
}
/* styles for footnote marker */
..report .fn {
	white-space: nowrap;
}
/* styles for numeric types */
..report .num
 .report .nump {
	text-align: right;
	white-space: nowrap;
}
..report .nump {
	padding-left: 2em;
}
..report .nump {
	padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em;
}
/* styles for text types */
..report .text {
	text-align: left;
	white-space: normal;
}
..report .text .big {
	margin-bottom: 1em;
	width: 17em;
}
..report .text .more {
	display: none;
}
..report .text .note {
	font-style: italic;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report .text .small {
	width: 10em;
}
..report sup {
	font-style: italic;
}
..report .outerFootnotes {
	font-size: 1em;
}











    
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        


US Federal income tax expense (benefit)
 rate
        
        


United Kingdom income tax expense (benefit)
 rate
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]
        


Schedule of Property
 Plant and Equipment
        

equipment
 at cost less accumulated depreciation
 at December 31:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
11
772
000
    
    
    
12
357
500
    

    
    
    
7
222
100
    
    
    
7
222
100
    

    
    
    
183
700
    
    
    
183
700
    

    
    
    
810
900
    
    
    
810
900
    

    
    
    
1
459
600
    
    
    
1
443
900
    

    
    
    
190
000
    
    
    
235
100
    

    
    
    
359
600
    
    
    
358
500
    

    
    
    
663
500
    
    
    
377
400
    

    
    
    
22
661
400
    
    
    
22
989
100
    

    
    
    
(10
724
200
    
    
    
(11
597
200
    

    
    
    
11
937
200
    
    
    
11
391
900
    






        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 and other types of furniture and equipment including
 but not limited to
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment and software.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















begin 644 0001493152-13-000530-xbrl.zip
M4$L#!!0````(`!MZ@4*JS6
FB

M`DG












M66SB

)M.GT^?8$6_ZF
LWV3.T0+
8






M3WJK_N


M(-B8A7T%#N8E0^
ITMY./V





M)QQGT
NY!>\@?/H9#;A)OL[-S$2#+[P
M@]$*(F@M)5VP%094OR


*K9Y


M\WM8(1I`IHKK\MDX&A'OCA'[9S&FVW0'5IP:9Q








M!DX@_UT

M:.;/S3N@;I&



M#^F^#&+Z6/#!CP4K#I[GY\BUFS._;LYLSYT_0\JW\ZMOG_(-`0?AT\]H`-V/

W7]%9S??OSGU?7O

C0C5LQ





M#GRNJDZBAUB

M=GL45\`_D/N`&+8A[R'T_&K4S4?LL*$H:[QY!T2D):)5F[@N'/OH%
2_CF8=

R&I/S



(V&48JNJ]6X+YG#QQ

Q'9]]::8PF/_=KM-FZ\WB0C$'






79K\53-D
M'4
ZE4Z]G=0$RX8?.5BZPNT2?X^Z?;'@UI2)G0ZGZQ6.FNU.@I1P.5YH7^Q3
M2M^7
A.QI*=;](DC]7B2Z8FCFDR.OO`HA83MZW*SOZ]ME:1^@PSWE]CC'XNK



MOE02!H0XOEB=G`

M$9
_Q0X*%1=ONP`]C85-5
#P8;-RTFR4/05YJU.2;/J_(X^;=JZ$-G1&V)/W




DV9]BD<%DN0FH/82^
MO`QMO

9-=_A*R*6FT=IBV=PKCW*\V-Y08B/D

GAA
?6VF6V#JULC(0$.\XJ3?PR\:BJUK:8.HJ'\#K:LYV
%_JZ

`G]!+$8L,#I,<[&*9F`;Q7B&YW
M?W`)0=IHI:?U:SF2#8N2I//+LQ`YH,]@+T!ET%7/NPR6@,O0G@BHD\);%O
M:)9J+]EJ)#GD4B@15#(^=THBQPZA##WS?*KC.@3QAOU)-F'55)ERL0EL]5(




M$:6\
(-/`/+:F2_^1VPL&WS$;`@\Q.:.AXL^`!M2.ND3^@BIX_/Q3$0Z7DR1
M[
NQZ@&X0?0I<+%7%1)X`#7C

6^2BZN_`@XY=U(!'N%&F(?Z?


T%NZ6F7O12.*TOSKF


O]V'&M;

M!






M;U]4+0]SRO.8LT:.P?T0^2A*4R='-C]0*LSBZ)3:BG.`7.C[_OS1P8@X69X%

J&#



MV8?V!!V&`)5J0'%@[ZV8








AD






P9KS/!;[XO`%#

M?TG=$V@O6$-O?.-/U@F

MX;9A'[AR^V_T=RX#G(FU
LWJ$)F(\I#FT#7UY\HN6R%+R+O%EZ?9G=;

MOE';ZB'[XT2%@]9K

B^*JR4VKFTLSJ\HBH-7-




7+O;AWCR6``6FKIF.48_'BC5[9=\R6O5^OVA;F7MGEP\!]32X
M#$VW.[69XTE''



^M-((Y93<


1IAHU9!


M)10?2`$XR=`W*0=
'#TN-ZTXW`836[B$6URP@Y%QQ?Y]E4;[`?$X#UE\7*%`
M`7Z6):]3A8H]G+N\+!49/3C7@U_K]4.-)^ZF`NW%!Q4#:ZB[^P/Z3\?J





M:-J816Y:ESE+O520(_?DA+2-@O
!Y5UA3SD7JV@
5UK)JE!N$\(MG@];G8*#

/=DJK:!D]M;=)@J


M;LM1WXJ=[`8'(^9-;4+UD5QIE783L3Z+(IR
U%S7=:]5S7;32:+B&*ZP2CUS

M*G0L2N4]UXG%'=EFOYJN1LWHU.EN



M=
M'=



M
1'
(SR`_STQL9MP+(



!MH@UE/=@1H*;R2A\D8Q0^PQT1Y&W$1G0L

4BXM(1ER-Y&&WZ
:P3)*W\K/Y&CA1#





M/J2^PX1?S@.8/[W=YMLMRMHYAQHY@:@V8Z^-6BNRHG%K?
B];9SJ6T5Z`<




_7
:/%[W[]PP




M^U?XRN`
Y!$X*0$HO8@C8:^GP^&43/I^'C&4)

M@[L8'/6[`3@SXCJ)P;P
L.GB2[K6.M&M$\.9@TQ];45Z&V;+
`S+^OW=9INM


`\3_[-`X00#PL;*A!.5T.;\X'!EPFY
MS%AW`(F

M`/G


MZPJ$YXGZB7QNC+\

M&#U@



MY9%'/85'J9BCN
O_-0Q.)IR1^BK9GC/F7Y19D0K


G/'@-&9=S[&8J2;M-_X67S_R.D@
MC=I


A9@)8D






M@@&G$HRWDUW;'R[.)C]W/OQ&^FGZ%/RVD#S#C96@X)U*\U`R5:'J0K%:X8%R
M^89ZFI]2B:?I/^'C@
+)G;PXFVW`
$$+GKR2/.3_$H!_DCBH

MM5885WX+#4T-G75W
.-@04SK5_7GEF1;!=;JA*$GZ\,XX4U_CC4[)TR+L!
M&\&=]`!Q=


!*D!6F&O-]
M&=E)&E#OLPA-28G!)2S5$C??0)VFE89$R!I:-?1M@BB!B)*6O2I$1/5+$Y`C
M$?\O\S3\L!(_)@BG%@HGZ2V@OR
M/K#Q$!A8]NQT^I/:*65@^0WTH6(0^2@O




M&XJXC%2P1I1F&]%(-

MG0_7AFG=N
A@X0?HK0&]
?3=F&CB

M'P!]6XT$[W-]](JEM:U*)E^JG%L_V?:D+2?`[8BTQ-7[7G[MF_V3_6CGWN2C

M'4IPMGBR8+^*9


P

M.\


M`(GZ3

/?C8..'QW:


-4KO9UP0Y40]O7T3YJ
M@R$)TBCTOUU:#2\K

2HYMBQ;5Z[Z`_F*:NWXC5%2TJ'

M!G

M#V$'UE5^HYOGT)

MQ7Z^;BH'P()VL]'NM5Y'&Y17UK^K#P;=J^Z
TNV41J@Y/`:\3H6KU6AV!Z\F

XYRY'H;3&=LM]%L]7:$FE]G8=1'L(B+HM%NM5YK37PV\-ZX_IA
M^`);-?1!S+SJ9(PWK7:[;#;&-O









73'?]M15PL*U*D;7WSGKH)&\Q:P?U;
=LE3.9X
0BM
M)/6T^D-38O**Z=[N.%5!-]B*OC=V7(XP



X6[



QYQ
M\,U)**3-#OK]R)%`_FBESYBIMK!ZWIN)-IM+CK[9QPC*3UEI;06$[(#J0=N
&T-J@L!D$
MK(Z?:UX\S#<KE;\1)1:?T4FMQ3NC/09+NOL?X9VQ[W^#D.:A)OY!V2I

MG^Y-E]YM]7O5+%TKM*ST?


MBZDS=M8%(NC_`2NAWP?5EQ`9%5L_=D..P
SHK22.PW0KE[D33MUG`P2)\`


M



M]I:7(K#RU55^'\XJ6)U^D`


.U7S:

DG8T-*J^9JNU..4A7R


MM[?Q@OXB/*S0Q.*8R=SQ

9@\]T[(=2YEBODK(]?P!2W1



M6


MFVU9!1E4EJQ=









MQ?7W/PHE&+3;[0
A])]_N;@IH@9@^&T[D@O(-)D2\F7ZS?ZYL4'67O+_E9EV
M!U070ZI.B^HMJ39TO*=J?DIJ?]F1-YFY6*N3LC.G%:*MEIU5E7*&WG#V0G9J

HTZ+TYG9F!R(TB:%63ZU59S)WNHHHS.73

M485WOEJB*A`FK7:_U6IU.FL(RK^Z)8@IS)WJB*E*B!2@J-A%K5:`;$=66MSL


MPR/3(2^$)Z:%D6/6Y[FFI



M
W



MZ2


:2ALD@VXW793]!`WXR(6RP0=]J#B0V!.)

O)DVI:8L6SK#=C?]3A2AYNKGV`D1RHH^7`;H_HESVDL_%CGS;$A*
M^2LS;)4E98ES=






N7L?.X'D?





Z*XD\K
@7U')M145%^X!HJ^.W&/U=B
MBYP-VWFZ`8Y?=N[2




]G@%3

'T]
M7X!F*T@@K.!Y[SBH/EQF_TW

G%P6:8
M[X7.G;=TY4NUNTQ#VQ#P\X75
A9F:[AJG1!J7XP2:85_.R*G)2K8CDRI=K3




_

/YUD4@'O$H)/;]AX;UK4W







L7%^\.;9[MB?H9:1B*@&\-3Q



MT8RCP/?`]L`Y%@CE$D@F3!UL
\!OHYK9!+059=E/#C?''@'U!(MABZO3*U




@N%\7VY/S`V


G)RZ_D.8]NJA[N=
A'1WP;-A


S


MU
9_8#`1[BHI6!/+IO
H=9M[W\&[97




3;1NY7DG5.
CVE+X#MJ&G05_+W



M.#[FG



9UBQ)`V^P%
MQTBJV?YTFDLU#IU#6FH1*YXLL!3(\EWM9DUQF
A0L@55%A02(KBG!_K7=O.L
M
6@VZ:N_MKO-1AO^@6^U#RN('#JFRVI`0DR#G)_DU82S=0@O84J2'YJV;O1L


M])-7LY72-;8A#L9H5^'/I_(=&DT4H3N,0GUL;%CX=L!MB]J1L8'*F$B9BP

D9
;I
MO;%9%@C-&O2;P8^#?@!UL%5(3!*
MS051:S_124R5*8(]GA'Q(H3%W0@^4ZP'D\NO;-:FW5U$

&$-8\G$Q_QPP^JCEXISI%RNFV`?G
ZTS:T499W3@[MV1T9&0*8Z.M*`(6X\26(`
M.HY+JL5SN;B?Z=9?Y=XXZ37,V7(=2*'$S2?PM\/C%$<<H&;YX8+&U&SL6B.

8!4[#^JMP[^%0CVT@R_;$TG;@S.)9OC9YF_OK)$?3A;

)J&-RS6/3X`?7NJNDU.8%I)%?T8;,?.K:G4E969
M:U.E3M@7\<ZL8Z#A8F:%6.1LWI=^($]#$:VCH*1^5K0\W.P=S0<5+`2S\\S




F^U)P3.W
MV8_M^1%'H



S*:
Q56\E@C/_$7`77Q?_2QE%B0IA$UL(Q1MH:
MUD0`09
&O1TBDA`.2:1#97EPG(X7=
JW(75

MJ[UZF/V:$Z/



J=B&X:*W]$'(


MY12
KLUB.NC4HF?)'J*2.NKN78N8C`YOYL7*VL

M^44RES%


V)OL_H9
`9#04N$G-@A1T\@A8-OPT$


LP`LB
M[=TP8;69`!W9/P3E
!@53?@[*E3BR%`T'C6&S8,22X2:PZ0=!T)H
-OC5U
M7*H-IUWE?_+]4R-0


MSGK-MOT3W/

!NS$6TR^RDREBZAY2E:O.2
MVMW%S[RU%4HHTM_=)O[+$P_[9\-W6P2CL[)T8W)N1!#&=@@F
SR+H*3+2@6T

MQ8-EY3&9\.B1.GW^C+

M8*+62[@'ZM8!4X3@0=+XH7(E/T




M\7J*


M;P8W'[P3WEBE78&6(NUATE]
?(T\VU/-Q4V[Y&NI0'EUAPX-16D

B%$K
M!.4M4'U-U-_4TEZO+-2OQ'N5U5_$/!P+6+`[H;(+WG?D3`.=@^E34-B1&K

MB4!C.L_]4)7C264S5%(OG:25R2#?6B0:-YESPQ[AB6AT.LT$-;/5Z+4[]!B9



M05:U?\I=*+MPP6LF!R;?AZ943Y6%3;0^XC95M*';'Q!@RFC-8K/*5I%3WF





#ZJ-PBSBZ@1II!P\49H

MSNK_@V!C)%&13JT+
;:QX%Q.::($KV;)`M0!!?5E9K@4\5^IY0RU;VD^4)

MV0EUJ6W5#VBK7BJCM+[PBD

W\(*G&XKM&M4CI


N0WPD[S?H
OKSW09CK:Y


MQ#8*\^AD

MN?X*_^

M\-]
'RL%&UEC
922K\*9C^(@3%P9'`7D.5`3
=VT)L2)XZEQ7NW&?_:]D]0.
M



+.Y0-N-X[+B'_
M21@+#+/=SCP43\[9$^.B%.ZG]6W@
2(@9LXDB!!


_/$/!.S%*RKEV`



ML

QE-.6:H\SKI#Z;BR1

M




M9X-PX%QJ:6A



CT?1-.:6
M**H7'W:/@WW$=U;7.9AMX?DU5]W%2$FA-G4

M*@WBE0L-@QU&N8R\/Q-31]+7A#N?#IM-#`$H
)=6JT_=6NM2D.K-0^R2_3?5
MACPQ/JZ]
`H8/KT^R;QR9P7C


8;4M&?/4$5USKRF@-IZ@ZR6*H5O9Y3CY/A.COD*8]Y?(;VZBM
MQB(^CYLNG;4+=2Y1(WV2G167#M!-O]I3%TG'KC?CI1%R:_I:0'(D(HYMM
MOFE.W#U7QA=)`-QHANCHB&KMR&-Z2-5%E1GS*V:.:


MD(_(`*MEX

M^B


M



MGZ8&*8U4X_J$$40DD^*CZD'44AFR9'&*D?5-
4T;Y'T@9G#@\`Q=)_57K]P(


(;!V@QL&8S

M]_CKD%_?#P$Z\QOHEN



MBD;BKI*.*'B32)F9))C':QI%:$?7`EM@/IUU]/0NW28@A%1CPAD#2&.DF(
M3#=!H.UT;06NB#D.Y)Q#U0@(@1V1I4.GT#LZ%7F#H[&?Q9F`@Q#VE0CL;!


\$&&2/;48HZDDKH%/PK'


M^?*%L&^N

HB;17KNTK_E.SGR:




DEY[U%;I0
M]A3O^RTF'I$\;O78%9:^^@@1'Q
T


27@F=
M1KY\JF51(HL^B%$0XUG&)T/*(\W'1!$B0FX1(




A./`H5OY
M9?I%RPSZTJ/^J42PS^^BNG__H*=2UCW:<'_13[]#/_7:?WRY]2QTX=ID93F
M57U.TT:_L1I2?O1Z]F+M'[1CY!.8IO[8\7SK0CJPY:ELX$MZVC#O6Y3?TW3P




MF-MN9'0!5KX#C*B#C


M-4


M^H!M*

MG!4`E]JM`!

M4#MS'PDK8I*R@92QP+8





/
;$@0
MGT



0
2S#+
M/&Q;[U'J/7UT%`?`.WZIT`.OD/HTR)II;#5P%PG



MMI0FY3QUEI;DCO4

M0F@BS$_7X@6N!(%)F@9]J/,4/R4N'^TCJ[%7X)9I/+M'QJU4QL)Y.799V3
L%<1?\D:3_DWOLWA$/I!%.G'MG$I
PQBU










M&

MTO;@3*(9?K;YVSL$I9Q0%I_KVHM0_&ZIGY+NB$3+RB:+D;_(:Z2H/BXG&S1_
MV[Y9WD7L4`4#

MVX+L-2C'RAVPKV.=6



@

Q9T

'ZIY\`JUXKT7I`C904K
A6-!.(3
2=T;WP[1.0DO:23


MF7:;?-1R[%/K?=)SG&I
5O1_3&=?Z-8OGI\](#(TE+0R)QK6#-W*'WEY6
P[

M.3BD8.:`^B/



)



M#=JJU503Q/Z1HZC8BH$13'3/MD3!3_HX*`Q%!4D[C&):40Z84:#L!LG)??
MW3S;!(U`MIV9SX:Q3


)7!HT9/[7.D\#&RY&UG/6HYU+TOY@
M8'1
H^/:LMP=4D(Y


[M




MF`@/C






-`/$$1&ZQY$I

/V[*^\#71%\Y97UCY
MJJV4;M)-+X
/XP(ZR5KAA^6NV2%D[$

MSW6\;(+=BE:8`L'Y$:+?-P\2AEUD;IE)')_!W#6F#OVI=:4@VQ(X(BJL3HZ[
M[]WY['*D8%W2]L-8DH)@4A!/.O#'5UAEX%VKF)P11$DN3NKJK=@TY
3RHAKZ

M-DU.^0L$\A-[4I

MFMEO'O9R]?X+//J)0+S





MTF\AZDT&%Q!M$O-.Y)[32\)=


O)'
M]O@'MJ-'#GQE^-

M*=U\!D+6N(FCQ]0]S&1]RL$9351/`-^)(WABR1'$S@V
#\)-0^]RXH96E8[*


0.*'&B`[D/#`[#4/=LG

$




MY
SR15]W95-WFRR82V4:X@6^5!;@2[KI[-O2Z[20?DNOM+[[BD
9)X$1G2'S



WE#.0`FQ`R]22LA`


1`)NN+1$+Y)%62H

J0\L4NPO.(@6;8`BIA5+F)V(AB_\-].Q2W%/5FWX
M^A





28*)$\
#P'JVV?GG8:S@B3ND^8PMZ$DB.&&B3(X6/`%=6&;Y):S+9

-6N+)
M
U#K3UA$.P-:/JOX#-(R60*?XF6RT@5MSV4?!9D&:!
MY,-(WS(]RPJ*]M=KX'E*;Y^M`<'(C^`A7%=X(ZD]X4_Q*<])9M+E.!L.0HL
598J]KEF]-.


M-+M\3\8

/
GPSD((L1J0@GOQ$/96W*X$3F

IAX[KDCN#OTR=9[8W
5H._KTN&


7:IA-@OE]UTUAB.UA3H,,O:WON</H:YXB4M%;(RXWQ!C?J+^N


M/.??
:DKLIP^Z:$7S0(A$$M4N




MS/)%(5PR&H)/MV&5742$&3FP)%N2&`)'OZ3?T'6E/
%@F8&58(5^'(QUU;W\

.YOY)O%V[^R[M:

$YT[
MPA@?.\PCF_LT!3YB^6CJ]C%+0-G`0D3VWJ#OTH:;'WV$?931C/8UO@F`KD


M

M!ML7)D(021J4HW_PS!(@IDKT0#[[B#\FM?*L9I^FA$$@9=AQ!5E+6Y#[/A9Z

P;O3Z=@;3+HWPJ[D^/O/+@:&*Z@

YYX
T)!*0&P]GMZ'@QWO.RARL2I?E
CVZ6IPYG@
MT(/1@

`F87*M
M4F$8IURA=


DS`8CR5%MMW)SFU[A_?F_&%X0E
;&W7'$!_D\]OOH)=6BRWV_QH77L1



\R/AE2





+M1\P5
#(&3VRI](CK&/5-A




MR%3?W/.;YX$HZTQ(-]`:S\0D=HWTX
GW4$QC]Z

M?$.?RK'Z)V@VO5Y

!2.CVG@WQMNVV?E8.]H

+/L0!YY#JA@U@7-^XL\'P
!-#UW%4!)+!$5ZI-+
MR23)J!GX8(XA8$D7

_?':)N





MRE?ABLBV*);(Y7L^\]2ZA'\[7



L


MC7@



M^AW\64%9SH5
I


1
LS#E$*.UZ2H13FAV9N%$$LQ

#/T7+`9F*X36`CC!\?^#LDAUPP#5\*-


DXDCVUPJ&$VZK_8XF6'##&=2M',7:6P:%W
M+%IR.A\.!D\)))JH@76#+88MGC\.Z+^/?(A#(7X84ZK.`.:8!Q*AB::1&S

MIB%[&\F/+'K@)
^$#;JQ:X_\@)76##:P_@BY&R.S3ZWK/\BV53K]/23A*?%V



MG+%_YXA!^A_Z12W^UW#Q3:O9.&MWR^:R;C/EVWI#UFY(J]$;GAW&AAS?0U3G

=[TEGV-J5KVQO293/F$87^=SF9\W#KSK#$S7860$+S[&=

M[N


NC]$'OG1J'?NU/=$\(3_-6C.
`E
*/

F3&[%P;2$V/NJME_!M4?4_5_L4I;EB7OBNL
M;_8C:!+HT;EW
&O9MES874R:'=/&6I/`?J!$TGAA1;XUZ/V&?Q1`G8._#?2E

MP5TED\?Q*)7[^RT2Y(36U!X[KA
]6F
[P)9H\`$@2(01Y@3;5@!?HA4#92*P



MU.D-9DZ$^(OEC'5

-E/![LA`6F_MAJ#P1GF)Q:UQ[2E+#LTI\O;._1
M9/S(=E&:6N%,.`695B3

MW#1[#?CX(UR2]O[@5M^._8C%T\'-Y


M:N3



M-9[!^:1O-D];\N6R87W9;1:3DE+52DM4(F*]5&USVO(J^6*@QN=JF2D=^@8.

N]+]Z5?)R_&H(RWP#H)P8`_-QI_A.E(PO'3[0P


M


`O/T(]6:OK*:=Y*Q.:L
-?23GB6%3=1U2E-Z]*-\[V[

*8D9V&!6JAS?%)=C:[





^FL#O1Z;11JY4!3`/B_)_E+)^5&4$;




ZD%/KBV=]LH/QS&H/J4*\T^`(OQ'QSW[)HL12
M@MZ(?R%M\$
G%B`?P;2]]Q5CAKXYCM0ZK;)R+&KATPF@!^;ZBF4_9!K*R





:C+

M'+5WO2XOJ4
)=7G)Z]NGNKRD/CN'&YJI]ZF*?:K+2^KRDD

M4B=_U.4E]6:_GO*2_$#]ZO0#H['!FJ2'U0D22:+!EVDJMV*/21/'E!%05[34



81MR$)J\U3I'FW=VS)KPU1I^;=9-L

MKGPY




MEQ'8_UB?[W'^5UY/Q93-7JR\NX*Z[HK9M?\UY4!/;+6H;Q(
X=*?+VSOT7+I
MP&I



MW75$9?\G\S7


Z=8XDH?SYW(J(7+[)/

:]D5%M)X`J6!+XDWB
5TU%'&5851+4[;\+K9%@!'L.
M.


MHE.+Y2H1H0.R'.$5/YV0'*ZKA\Z)S1[XX7L%D=6=Z

M?@D@=5?-I#:R9XU648+]N4/OH




;?3(
M)NO&)5KBIPC&#I/XKWARAY\]M:X]^548G6AQ_3!
ID





X8AE1NC/:A*)B(3
UWNY

(-^J

MV*XUTO15D-DT%-RLT,*A&892#TB1=8^3NVQ5/`HZ*8B9@F511+=SYNP`WS






M!&^]-


CB6KH8K]JSISX0#V














@FFU#7K_;+T9=



M-[KP[0A:3$DRW4V''#'4T'NP
Q=:G@9F2[B.



B7SU:V7*LXDR/









.#G9W<&I8-6M_(A.)$'5IY6CJR[5;+'N(V/U![CX3NJZ:MFWN$:WZ-L9R
M!

ML$9QA&/BB.+G6

^')
C+$


(4XN!U\-X/(-CP&VAK0G.CAL$OQZ+D*H=D61D*9R08`Y'
M9Q'X]PY.&






O4]G(X-H;


MU
LB3WV5\2V





W_#P


M!S1^]


M)%^O
7+B3!V*!M(&59+?



M'4]



MSOXJ./LMF)Y=?7A;8'5

M%BK:

M8W`+%@'Y$YM;\U6*_0

Y]@.



H@!P3V[7EP_

<(@/UIKVQ
0-CF(`HM*2D?)

FZXFYJS0'


D
_:

MC%U#\OZG7M/Q+$8;!HVXTM'-^24;,:A`:DG\],4Y&




.$4
MQ@4Q!SQ8+M(LNP%H]A0B




(67:M.AM\*L#9.^ZZ&%X(SE=H.
M[I
Y0*=O



(;O^A

M3(*:@OUKF
05J$V0.]AU1DD\<P?-XE=K,+XCRK?T(M:;*W7UU'^E/U
MX]]+(SHI$&(2LN/P`<3TL[^3^V:=-KONN5V3:.%[(FLC%[F.Y%Y#1\P*$6
MO;8FD<*0MBL=8U!'*`I2A)=E7W;V]_;JSX0H:AD2?R^L:K&;D7UL.IU;!\U
M_0*E2ZFN*[VFUF*P@.#O[P2O.$)]RC'G3@&L#I.S6Q`!S/M#3$Z
968G;FL&


M=Q9T!A





;O!ZO!)

M0068&P]U17O'OM88'K6\WB%$DC#K'$R-



KB`8*Y&SZH'


MME=RFP6C[M9!.DORUG[D184Z9B1JZ/90J\S:HWRICN*%+1V/`T4IIU3#N:=V
M1&YKI(D6#+Z9XS%LAH1






M5JZ=A35






U!-;371X;]7B'K41T$A-DFVP]
63'+?5V0R!999V?'FH-5)5Z\0[1E@WJ*__)F_MY)&.(
MGTX+_L4/(HXEA40MH)3VX.=YS0;H:G3E

Y]G8@5(W$`=ETXGN8WA7P=?7F5
M(#L%683@
^FK4U-J1M2'WJ\7
_B8P`6
R
9'N3N/;?DFC6'$6G*3:/IG\@XM




+K?9;0BR@=39CN[@


VRIN'QL
<F
MJ['OJC#W/'GN!%,4:1UT:NH-X?H?R=`X3Q8I6K9SV6OF#K@9JB(*6E3#\7B?
MD)Q1!
&4!Y#C<RZ,SF03<7*R,T4:10AJLR63@9FQYR#:2
M)VG"PG+A]P\S@89HS#)1QLR7@6+32[F&(5E8?`AXYJ;I4ARB<;SKC3LGK
M#'%V%:*R)B0O[H!S;_7QH/FZUZJ:S*(G,](@M1IEL

%E3





M@



GHW%LX*
ME

ME#UB!O)[AYE42OE&N)K$U\6-9)/%$&7?8#N*HF)9T`0*MLPN_GL
J*K;]79M









MS4*N('P$-2






MALCE#G')VAG`(R2




Z9(NJI
MOT]#[HH#-A2B3)!TM9J-H.1#'!RZ+2\NM(7RZ+#`K*]JY-LY-'$//KCI6Y+)









M
USF+RO
M8@,I8.+&/DP?*B14(GHWTACOJJWA*6GKPRQB-'T(RCP.;O&B5]\EZA4W=9QR
MH-&N2KR1IN=J1F/VH`Q6AJW6GKQ;08]'UZBY:MF'#T&*'#/9$Q7&RO'.PU[`
M!-1OZ\D0;#7Q(=(P!$@@VOCOMY<N`G?R=0J&^Y\

M`N8X?E='0EHJ'V8`#1*&DH_DIOCB$NP)D7YGS(R^WP57==1

M:Z/V]G)
+OSP%D



$'


M8PE\


T%8;+^+1#L?\/7C)3.+C4E8KD=J0O+IQ8[X^


M7%TB_BX]BOXH(`+8A='*




M=KQV61
)C?!C+!?K[Z\R7^B#ZVQ2C#HXT9`ZWB=;=XA8J&4$E(@455VR*DOR
WH<]#X4&?]U-
M`(WN1N.O__DZ=ZT7S'QO2\[^Q_V=BSLV=0AWO3+SN/]Z.3^[.IJQ_(#Y#G(







M





M.]?$PV)4\#]))2P535/?%?6FHP?

!CG4[HC_36/9JR)M:@*I;4RT






W%)4






/:L7#F$'8LR_@E]V=G?
\QW\*PDMV#4C?:]$]E
M\[@Q.JO'!KA4]:O+.^'P]+31.*4BBMO_%0V8QNC)05F<`7J5R7P-K5@:*\V
M?/K8@RIT=T&E8
%AT:\*Q-$
?QP&LD@;_VP@#:RV
UD!I5C!
=#_$+CR_1`[
MYR$3!VNXK4(=69Y-\G&*I

#^M

V=ZW65KM


HK45-V]QQ@?K#2;8















D&BC?LX_LOT:%L
*Y=//
MQOIY=-%KN'D



EHJM8QL
+94H##

M-9[RC:V\BDL5@UEM96SHI9R=EASXND*.`*GOUL@UZ2-N`DB.0ABW4;+F!CCJ


HJ;OC)-^OC4*GV


@4J

WY3]HJ*^JBRU1F!8;H(KZ.B.=J[0_2L]%
0\VAD+,H#**'!IG532D$F.MB,W49G*2;!YS<@@RIQI:2]/TDOI9[V-



7QT79P0XRM1GO`Q%@?'XRC[9

VHX-GY_VH



M]*5%P;MPZUJ#!CUZ:FE-KI*O4P(RS`V'OT1'W%4[Y'Q4SZ:T[F_`\;77FV


&5F







MQ!-!A;EK(LQ(H_DW!'_6[66W6'\KU%G[WLSQ(==JSI^X#:WV;4Y7.1?_'/

=S;U)!:C/4\;:XZ




37QCU_7OD8O^2<Y<8^$','+3FU^C!XS4NEQH#)).'3G%74YF_PAN@0H[
MGX^%3
&RG4]^3ZC:&PT[HF%']#YW1*G?]\3F6W_ISH@'@L[^J(K:^-V2'ONF





0*K\V)
']-$3I=$8L0/L\!4PFBTJ4ST^







9M^L;W'B#&V]PXS5\R`/%]P3=A\\^




GC9]=,HT<NHM::T^#-9<?3Y`I7YL
M;R=;/5R`U@9+7H48E/&ZNYHN!\Y&(\9@A=5@`-3?NK8]
$9NJ*QEG+FY5SC]



M+.8U6::A:F;`%FYULF`35\HDE\SF:]#*NR0CNDP@ZIL$
#K=P<Q*:%#'I\?&YZ_D*IX]]S8QK.OPV-%B2`%AP1F]6
MIO?8=4693


MHR/F.G.2!J7!HM=%WY$3GL.YPXMH[(W%_KSJ(9,8+;05:;=LLWM`I$@S3Z



5J#!
9+'T-



C`Q
C$R




8_H9]Q
MCLNH+LI_1;]$V9;^I;A


MZ?ZJ

M_O7AXHPC3:


M__U//_SS3S_^LR7D.JJW50?Y^]?_^?WW/WY/_L?5_RU+\\\_T?][BBJ
2/OF

M_\
?_O`=^[05%21?G\JL_8X?OVOA=);)IZE&?HD2G^J&+SK(HYJ1E/CURE
M!/WM72OVCO[IW?L?WOWX_MO7*OFJK7Q6@V61X7N\1*R8/]6[#:%^E5+F?M7\




2*R^=JGZ[QV0VCC[B]1/N%!C:/WXE^?R[Z3=3R479






LVB3U@3FZX8


MM
N*4D



)&'R;C5N8YDX?CLU$


M+6N
\]F#DJ


NX.^.V;Q]

M-D+2U&VGR]4`6+K.V?TR49;8#+8S=IF^X#M
%C3P=2%_;/Q0%_%G[2-=B9S7-V\JF*
G;U.A

M`

L&Y13EG%1U

.7XO&YV%91GEQD^`5KWIEKQ;VM
M$RU`=ZM$C6QPDE@G-*$:MHX^^!C3)G)68GC0LNCX<RD3




M-8XJ0XH'&T6O^\O6!1EM+!NUP'#

60A
XKY=IJ_T)SU#=`H^V6(&/F2.6AH


V

*-LX$^
M&A@XTL5K5?*(E#0KS4/\`:\^1GFT8C[Y8E5BK-QA=%'TET#I2!]@D;+1A\

M::0!4$


%RSPRD9M)CB
$








IO]210APS9B0B@R7(IM#R:*6MEPA+C;/F5I?)D5

J#`0`$4%$I:`!%T1

E'A6U


&^7J(
TUP[]5E4
MECOBX_\29=OIF9:CKM?HZ2[%&854MU$$PSH7M`(+B1(
[BWBF#[CK.YQC$D9

MK#%(S6(+K$R@P2ZFE&KP(BPX=B&M+)`QILC!5R3RF63S`._L1:_5]HU4

]#6A'8W[$HKA$

MISP/W7!I

MM-
T9#J!R*2&K^5J`!FK+)!



]Q*1R;TN

3#$46.3O&KBDJAJ`B1A^B@.+4Y0







M*/RR2AC




M490:8&8V*YCR?%\-X;YNE+X!1+6;(B_&'4=7?)FT=W*I(0NL$D5AT4F)3_#!


MI!(S5BF\:VDOU1SI&_U?=#IJU8F7I8[R=;!ZV?$+JEAW/S&S[:*(&8;420F@

U
M.K4
WB@
]5``UL`E@R:[@G
%:)5L$U;JKBCIL+NHZS)]VM8TIO8C?75DOI!\
M

M



MXU(?+0:JWS=_
\=OBUMLI1RYG

X!U?Y-H'9AJ4
Q91\)8C


MZ


+SMBX83
MZ/U7H;I`9?ME]+DXRFAL5O)7^G-

2(\]QV3E$Z=1


MGQ?;IWJYS19Q7&Q)1U+4@U[%;Q9$

L

M%%%:

6

M&31]Z8*O.L0E**TA`'2V**@%K356P(S)LZ&;+D%=W?QR\0#S$A1Q@IK[*(OX
M[]NTQ*



M;-7!#
KNF6W09@%G@RQ/:I?IJ\TK!.@_03[Z6?O^0NJ8[&?0_$F_&0U;J6?
MO6*[5%!]99\Y


MM

MP7@3





X0NYST(*<1^2

M!!*_8A?ZU,Z;.BGO8SZ9.BARC\D
3[V`-#\P
40@Q46\5ENF%Q:HLE:MZV



M!T87??B\M1\Q6Q-C



@U&


MHCW*-&F$I8OZ^%(O#I@PIO&%




M18QN@XY73MK`'[%0IP'=Q8H!:91'38UC[3`C9!GM%7SFM^GIZ!=O$L;5;\^
MI7UAQIZD60\,&QW`BE[C0+5Q'/G-`&H'!B'I-1CC39.ID-?`;E*`H]!M(PDP
MQ)'$L*O


)M3QDIIE?2[14@[)A]X!7=$/Q'F^*D@4U

M#(T
`





&?L

R2Q`BB^2TSQ.

:^0XT@8;C;`](9P,4+6F/=8ZW?Y/EEV&-X\N?V*2K/
M[['N'33MRFY_F_XR:!RH^'URC3T-!N?Q(4LA3T=$+]O0'P:63QSS3[KGS0/




%NDXA8TTT
#
MQ2

XI@![(*+WY=AVBG6G
M&&B$'7P$Z/IAIQ
/SB9[C(+#U'Y^K%

M_LZM7`O4'U#9:@:GTRRXPI%3I]_DR*




M@C/
#:?L!F7

+C7W/`XVY8ESN-QJ+X\8;]F-O=X


9DT;



M7?%NS``9)6_PE\&+RK+(R8\Q'DP#=JQT-^.3H'

MZ$VAL:UC'97%SSC99H-56$*66\MM=ITN





X[VOSIW:*I?;DD!\


]%4OC2$^C;*
M;I^R=
4NY%RF51QEM
LW0\2N+;!5/]K3IN=(K/L7?Q*J=;Y!
!WG$*6PZ#-=

G$5-+-




.X2MAK#!8MX%'H%:ED


M9S8+\*/Y32

M56B*7@T
W^RQ:E/@XE;M!.$NVM661[O*B`W/=X;:TOV*T]4S@;+@3N?-=OV$





MFF

M*4')KM]$&9^G^;R_J.LR
9F#!%\YT7RMVU5TR*[
M..$VUGQVE#V+;%PLF4V!Z1C[X1?34#<DWQ#G)J]IVI.8+YIX]PR4FK*9[-6

ZMS6S[CL2M$-
MG`_;S29+
;T_^A&7\3/=\JOP)QJ]^:S(JW25:[9]][3IDX@'*?Z0KWL9!$/K

MB`*)6@64#C2.--/\@I_3.
-2:L@$O
TB4F#=G#'Z-'A3*R%-F[:5@3%&7&[+






N:W-X&3VYQ






DXJ




\8%





T&]P-65=6.JJ'X3@`T
@

PR3TMZ#QRMU;`;#'



%I3]$7&I]


,HMH^HYSE`V</
M
K

O.V3G)

M-KG9GCA=J_`4'RU/9473RWNCC`WLCC$Z81B$L4!H.)U8IB\T/`]1[

MAJ5)]C#JN)+)7C?(6.1$
EM%&(1S1*L?K%8#*K+)[OAD/(PK=I'7:;W[-4W(

DVRMHBFB8;6RM!
M)GRW(DJG?CL3P?FZ'VX];4MNBA[C(?P:8YS@!#WM4)3O4%$3!G=.`4J[;\AV
M1Z+PS98^HB#K
%REJYRNXA](C\'5XHYHX;(DO].K:++ZL5;U1E;'PG0
M=2#

MCS&(J\+R*2^+\DM4)E6[[Z6HMUF6_


MGL

KYR$8(T)7


MJ4/GM`;SE

BUIB6\A&.AC1HUC&&2L'80M!BGM'G8/@%Z

C5DP.Z]_X&S+\8J&(7#BF_4.ZS4F;A?8S56A7-=]7.@;;+HZ

(2ZDLE$5D2D$WN/\^$[!C?
JD-8.JQ@Z
(8V5LXG$I1[-
M!F?`YDXG`



(7Y*^;M2*CLKTVH.%U!F@Q-\HFI:_NV&V9


-*\7
M;7H6


92V5T
3L]5V0C!&6C;%\+7GI`M.]R@D@EZ#





M5L5@7T?UMF2
I=-30BRRQ6M&C?G8L36
8$K1('NWNK%
(0?-654BU&_EOM&1




-1RAVRG[G

M
9



M543V2.W]@#
;T<5Y$0RDWF*7.L%G'

BG`8)

B/
O&&1L[CU54US
'%55$(




MGX+S\
:X9#M
/L+MT5`=EUGQI1HXG&292]/M*.]`F'7\[4)9PN_WI`P*P;T`




M5ABE;G:7

LW)_.J\@).J!5O`:0JA7
!)=``OX-1H#0LX





M[.`^8+:Z.-TMLB;'`
VYFN$ZHF_&3\^
K6%G`&IK.:'7M69C)WN$#&%NWJ




M2:

V


1TH


M4R
+K
F



.V*D';L


M].)OH*%

M*#\OBT'52*M?D(;;$BJH^D9IM5G%KJ!QI=2S],E\9#(9P]X)=_F=]%VWAV


M)37Q[


RW
:W1*YO[L8(XE90;X:.
M`HVA(.T[VI=6/+F20%K+S5H5W&V^@!'T.Q(2#M
F.U%[#XUH?I`;V+
KBV

FB]%J7S@

R2J;Z+9U;CMVYD?-@!I5UQ'
'[BRZ)'=4(
/Z!?PS?UFZ<V^8_(.^B^/
M_(E=V)VI!QQ514YZ#)W39N-.F%@;6]&*K1HH])X



][7N:D#:Q]9T`7FKBQ`?^UV6-11YGB#'SP&;`F






D**B


UJ'&4!`/[O3JTP?%QN;@

ML5BBDILB_W:VT-
.I9TU%#?F(/@;EVE.!@$W?T.B`ZME[0'+_(V8^AM+YF_0

)G157?


4?8YI,J6P1*JF0B]JP,]9Y30PD!I2-4K0:4A<:JU5^#4DO]
M]GLP%:T!)UQ?'XC^KKVDL:AY`D*VQU(7B(?M#T]UXR4U6QV8G4(/5=-3V-N1
M(#?1.L;11X#-5OG/19%



M+%-IU0\^!E3C




H29])6EQ;@0-K)R@QGZH99U-FXIE
M_Q%
QW+4!=:X9H)7W
MP5LC]&K=U]0.2O-O4+^J78UW%!8P_U^=VWX[:L#[=B^`*[^MX7M@A]6MTO3





`R19-IBU

P`ZPN'H)2
M._3`J8GH9Y(%U.6

*7SH(^
M/Z.WYLHHKK=1U@
C
CN;4#N*&$+<$J76M&Q)ZFSDV3^CW$'HW4_/JULTH%:;5S]S,+U3Z!

M0



XQR9!&G



MEJ4G)S00HOQL22D$I5VTV.3G1&/A
+4^ADKJ_&Q`)S:5N!2!;N])@*BX4^
MJ4@;7Q8EBZ0I5+



=`6TP'U=1B$MV`
MX;\&@:L6!&=9[@@R]FA







MWQ^_^Y^;Z_M@B5;^$8X8S@'ZJJ1BO731'?_XXX_O^%_+IJV6+X]Q6'[CX[N2



MQ;FE$O#NEC&:_^TKVNKQJ!P8[)O_#J%--VLZ[Q+
ILU7WKN^;)Z1:(:B!
WH
M#PD)\8R.P]FI'S)%WR\12A




0#V`*0#
5EH
MX(BI8/


MDA&U+UL/_F
XOO#-KPQOFL&D$!*
:*;!.%-3CF$;P7B3D(QK)\'8`Q&/;YH`
MF85V
+:9`F


$@57<O?PV$<_POCWD+H8NN5B?CNP*T!Z=^
M5^
+T1HJY3CX'
OQC?$O?47

[^G4

A!=1U6[J

M(+XXTCF[H3P^^_&

M'D9CN:9J(3?Z8NCT.N9UDBX@6IV







*/\MB)N
E3NB!GEU#

T<V^(V[N)X\<OPY6OC^.A]V


$`+SN
=._9U%^VXK9:+L5N(Y.^=ATP

3=@5*7_)%`6(
OP8LKP^T03J;FO4@P_&
M1BJH'5B4F7P;

@510
M.[!HR`+9P0V[Y^$+3Y=@-9U3KO



M:\H!=B773\5;_R3\#-5%`P5VG&NH@8Y18F78
?7$FZW2J0XCA:(X^F%8@@3(
M^+#5[5[?BI68B1I#41K]/`Q#22ZS?;@`T(!C


MDL81MYI!41CGP*6'@DA(.R`X8)LE7$CDU]A=[P!S5XN47I9/[@OX@=MWJ]


N1OC?%AD_^!%3\&'2$$E$:3%/O&6&GHQ([]M
GP
SH

X@=_).


NT`!X5D='S


=\
XO0




.$=@A
MGF(822G



M9A]0V


'=E)5B5$T4LWK
MUG`??G)KH=*L^]24I1XE9P

ZM\^V%*Y4-.P9HP/8IU=1!;D


MMZL=)&;-)






M#G!WZKI
VHGD5/5$=$19@
M!X:Q06.V..K0`':HPU;D[F*T]O%
53Y.16:\
NJ@^'4KQ58(Z4F-O1:DMHMA

=(%ND




@5ELX&TIHMI;H'0(+5


MQ4NP]*




MHX#*Z-#(YGWH\U.(+P@XP.*Q*XV4N!5-RMKSN:54J#O`B@00\=(2
75('Z



2&:=&5

M
JRZ




9S3#K9@X^&[5Z



MQ%+(2(SZ2`X=`;;VKXCH04[)M9B%M3Y4
K'*(@\NI4!A?XG)LI6K/WF**%

M/GM

%BP
NF(5!*0U^GP'H):VK`#P.W[Z%2=

W-_JBKAY
*ID'
M=B$-L3(V7QA-JC'&O6$PZ/2Z

&




M&?]GV.

7UZ2K$#RMT4
M%JTP6ABMV1=W=8_.&NJP`\%;]%R3
281_3%`M;4#!J9^-V;?R-7#M:^2;$C;



1N6

M54ZS^QD-&R;:'^P]C=Y1EY9



M_*)EL%V

Q:[6S!


Z
KH
ML68(I
'JLA9P5K;U

@380%79L%GNFW!QCE(?A\FM'S/*


MZ!8]ZVF_3N/0\Q(@Z2U9C5;
`9
_C%+532B*7XC6)F)0T]&0&0?OQ:H^BD6
M46.'GGZ0RVO'5.!5_JJREU.49C$_JU2V1O*)D)EH5HI'7KT05
CELXQ.LU
M%?_Z($O9`[IHOP5\S07[S^)US8HL4-/0NCIPPX

M7AHC$I9M7Q//$A!/
RH]7;1OT.H1Q0*\=AO9#$U[\-6AV96D=KUB$(0;GTH:
MH;AA!4H1D5*XX]4K/HK9J8O+Y+_0N'L,SU(-+-1I9A!-V%#B)=:6@81I`S
=06SZ5%(D=\M-X&8;6]3<Y+EAW#89KK_0:O3L\:)6
M=;.-`ZIN


5V5J5S^W35&8EXE`@])%Y%*6(I
A]=
MV;&J4@EB;MG[(2OB1J)\*SA)TQ@_9BG/O/Y6$RXH<Q&Z3T*BKJ[8N#WZ]6A

M'8K\5D@\L(7U^H\LX-\S/



D4


MT1NT_BJ=&('FJSP'7L^A?Z'[9E/?L@BMD_2,S^.-Y3K7_PP$WD)@+1&K\-@
M^&EIP?V;TGSG47;RZ*3(
A6&7]5XQS-
1VE0K-%36CT*@T&-UQ^?:Q_S+&.





3H+3X
)HC
=J`S5O[&.'?S
M






M+
T'UR0;5%=#\!2;TU=C%NI_%M_A:2;D;BY!4(!Y(8C+H(EM@).P\0%O56
MI2_\R4F

@
MMQ/U$_D





MCN
O?IA1&^
6I3M_[SV8U!T;/6:.

T0U5B6X9/MF
MM@Q7M3A)^62GGY*L55T-+0!'O59U
6Y)?D23M3
JR8+$Q3.GT@D$(;0`'/'@

3




Z9F3]W9L;JSC8=
YG




YH'*EFU_QCZ=3RC*4(-9Z0.Q



M^\['






M(MKP%$5HCE-ATM)W4D=4



M=O`5#))P0TW6@

^CXS!=N^0W&%*9




M







M\W/$7H./


MNMX:_-KQI





C+O\1BS3[?



6H+$








*R_;,#L=&[LHQT7#\C;4</Q$R

9C=^_`6Q:GY^-.-IF.'%RYK9T(;
M`T+I0`SA@9&PN`3BMB+]JR&W&R%(Y;LRFMH%5\7K0]J




O





]
MP;O]/0=3EWF$3K_L/8QZQZ/3BXL]YZ]_^8]_=^#?Y__L]9QS@GWOR!DRMW=!


M&FA_Q=1C_.'N(D








;A9BK@9-!]!]B5D/
MQS

M\:`!+



M.9W%-)^%5P'8I?Y!



W96^+FC6)



M8RQ$%7L5@%WRVAK;$C+IN/1?N\@=XA`1/[A&7-1\PIM9.FM8[7I^PT5T0H63

:?7$&W/U&
ML#'+@V$B(5A`9R0[


+OE3+4B[

.9)*WXALK9WNOJ&_7HA9BLFBQZ&^[&5;=Y':SZ]6MKMO2&W
MQ)C\OO



G*2PX^9C37(S
M#QSUP:T*_J!%P:JRXW9CQ@H]*6ZX2CDK5-@$DUV[6NBL0KM%WZUA!AU5?L7I

1ZIW.C%D&IN5405@UX+A
M8)6:?;R3OB;]0EI!\O7L92$NK#W!%&@I;NBL5=.N+RUR5-!7.3LA+7*29IR?

'Y

QZ]VDTX;2I1'-*J!YN::M6UJNYCG3N%2@Y:I=R.JM1X

WD(\B

_<R]U,0@;KB24)I3F5I)`VG*!!W-2S:DXF`1!YZ@'5*
M/R4^1124%2_59H1N?B/8'_]3;#LHW%3EJ$*]M^0UTN!?Z-
@O4U9;)DL&_$

IN\MIC/W_N

9?'PE

P`Q(@`$G
MT3B`'B@2H%\YBQ9?]F)<!$!6T)BF"\U2O62K=-[A=P9H9@7KX+$?'[)$TR


B=)I'BHJ
V(NW3ODU
M3'9GB?E3F!1P$C+HU2R

#BQHS%2#;)V#4\;%EGZ(P=AO




MY0:8K;A^M*S.6JMTV8%U??X)3SQ07,U.%1AUW7

6QN;E+\1Z1LL96`+5.




X0



5GG\7+/2+-
M)I+WS\$?\ET?[*5GY]
GB([GPJM2IM:LVUK_^U_&'\65CG$2G
@2=TG&K*VP

M\\F4R!$K';N

?2SC4Y''4R1Z




MAX69//W$'[%([4'4D\NV=*LIS^2M`]I61K]BBCE
1ZEW[
UAD1J$\?7DY8VV
M&G!M93%.TQ*ADOP
0S&%2RMK;40BS94HJ\?PO:WJ@-7H$PF@UCGC
B%06:9J
M!6UE0H9F8N



L*SCRN'FQ;614N-4-TBB]H$LB[
M9_G=DZKC54*UUC;+749\EJ)6[V(&;0&GG_OQ5=#P\_\!4$L!`AX#%`````@`
M&WJ!0JK-8R:(S@``$3
)`!$`&````````0```*2!`````&UE;F(M
C`Q
C$R
M

FW5E1=7@+``$$)0X```0Y`0``4$L!`AX#%`````@`&WJ!
M0E.E[UTP'```8GP!`!4`&````````0```*2!T\X``&UE;F(M
C`Q
C$R
S%?



3(Q
M
C

 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MinorityInterestOwnershipPercentageByNoncontrollingOwners'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueToOfficersOrStockholdersCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentPeriodicPaymentPrincipal'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MENB_DebtInstrumentBalloonPayment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityInterestRateDuringPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentPeriodicPaymentPrincipal'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MENB_DebtInstrumentBalloonPayment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityInterestRateDuringPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryRawMaterials'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryWorkInProcess'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryFinishedGoods'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherInventoryMaterialsSuppliesAndMerchandiseUnderConsignment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RisksAndUncertaintiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MENB_CashDeposits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableRelatedParties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MENB_PercentageOfDomesticWorkforce'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MENB_GrossSalesFromMajorCustomers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MENB_PercentageOfGrossSalesFromMajorCustomers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EntityWideRevenueMajorCustomerAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EntityWideRevenueMajorCustomerPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MENB_PercentageOfRevenueRepresentedByIndividualCustomer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MENB_MinimumAmountOfRetainedEarningsToMakeDistributionsAndOtherPayments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MENB_MinimumAmountOfRetainedEarningsToMakeDistributionsAndOtherPayments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForRent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MENB_KegRentalExpenses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Cash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MENB_InventoriesNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MENB_TotalCurrentAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentsInAffiliatesSubsidiariesAssociatesAndJointVentures'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MENB_PropertyAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MENB_IntercompanyReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MENB_TotalAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MENB_AccountsPayables'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MENB_AccuredLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligationsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MENB_TotalCurrentLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MENB_NotesToRelatedPartiesNonCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MENB_TotalLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MENB_CommonStockAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MENB_PreferredStockAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MENB_AccumulatedDeficit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MENB_TotalStockholdersEquityUnrestrictedAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MENB_TotalKiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'


@9&]C=6UE;G0@:7
@82!3:6YG;&4@1FEL92!7



F8R7S1E.6-?8F4Q9E\V
M







T0B5V]R:W-H965T
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@


&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*

3PO
















O4VAE970Q
YH=&UL(B\^#0H@(`\+W@Z17AC96Q7;W)K


3



M:&5E='







M968]






T0B5V]R


O4VAE970R
BYH=&UL
&-E;%=O<FMS










M;64^0V%P:71A;%]








#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS:&5E=%-O=7)C92!(4F5F/3-$

O4VAE970S
YH=&UL(B\^#0H@(`\+W@Z17AC96Q7;W)K


T0B



O4VAE970S
RYH







M=#



&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(`\



O4VAE970S.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@(`\
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@

M='


&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-

;VYG5#PO





M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC96Q7;W)K

M:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC96Q7


M;64^0V]M;6ET;65N='-?86YD7T-O;G1I;F=E;F-I97-?



M;VYT:6YG96YC:65S7S



M/'@Z3F%M93Y296QA=&5D4&%R='E?5')A;G-A8W1I;VYS7T1E=&$\+W@Z3F%M



T0B5V]R:W-H
&5S7T1E=&%I;'-?3F%R<F%T:79E

T0B5V]R


T0B


O4VAE970U-RYH


#I.86UE


O4VAE970V
YH=&UL(B\^#0H@(`\+W@Z17AC

O4VAE
M970V

#I.86UE/E5N<F5S=')I8W1E9%].971?


M+U-H965T-C
N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@

&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T<SX-








]


]

]

]

]
M
T1T:#Y-87(N(#$U+`R,#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C;&%S

S`L(#(P




M(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#Y-14Y$3T-)3D\@0E)%5TE.1R!#3R!)3D






]


T1T;W`^1&]C=6UE;G0@5'EP93PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@


]


T1T;W`^1&]C=6UE;G0@4&5R:6]D($5N9!$
M871E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#Y$96,@,S$L#0H)
M3(P





]



BTS


]


]

]







]


]


]






]
T1R93X-B`@(`@



3(L-C$Q+#$S











U9C9C8V%?9C)F
M
E\T93EC7V)E
69?-C`W
F0W8V4V

O4VAE970P
BYH


M87-C
M:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV






T0Q(')O=W-P86X]


M
S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C
M+B`S
2P@
C`Q

]






]

M-2PT










]
T1R

]
T1N=6UP/C$Q+#
Y
2PY



]









T1T;W`^
M5&]T86P@3W1H97(@07-S971S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$





]












]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@

]
T1N=6UP/C$L-C4R+#$P
M

M86QI9VX]



L


@;V8@;&]N



C



]
T1N=6UP/C
L
3`P/'-P


]



]

]
T1R





BPT



]
T1R;W4^#0H@

;VYG



]




M










#`L
#`P


T1T;W`^06-C=6UU;&%T960@;W1H97(@8V]M


RPX



M


]
T1N=6UP/C$L-#8R+#0P



M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO9&
U9C9C8V%?9C)F
E\T93EC7V)E
69?
M-C`W
F0W8V4V

O4VAE970P
RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT





M;R!.;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7

M;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]





]


]






]






M1&YU;7`^
C(W+#8P


]



]
T1N=6UP/C(R-RPV








M




]
T1N=6UP/C$R+#8Q
2PQ
S


BPV
3$L
M
3



]
T1N=6UP/C$R+#8Q
2PQ
S
\







]

T1)1#!%1$5!


M1'1H(&-O;'-P86X]




]

]
T1R;SX-


]


2PP.3$L





]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^3F5T(%-A;&5S/]T


M



CDL





]
T1N=6UP/C$P
M+#@W-RPP



]

S$L
#`P/'-P86X^

#
L




]


]

U+#(P
#QS


]






M;7`^
S








M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@T-S`L
M


















]
M


M9VX]

M96YT/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q

C`P*3QS











]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@


]


]

]
T1N=6UP/C$R+#8Q
2PQ
S


BPT.#$L




U9C9C8V%?9C)F
E\T93EC7V)E
69?-C`W
F0W
M8V4V
&)B#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V1C-68V8V-A

M



^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@*B\\







M:&5R($%C8W5M=6QA=&5D($-O;7!R96AE;G-I=F4@26YC;VUE(%M-96UB97)=


]


L


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
2PS-C0L

@870@
M1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

]
M






]

]


]
T1R93X-


]


]
T1N=6UP/C0Y+#0P



T1T



^#0H@

M($1E8RX@
S$L(#(P


]
T1N=6T^*#$T+#
X.2PQ

2PT-C(L-#`P


@870@1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

]
T1N=6UP/C$R+#8Q
2PQ
S





]


]


#`\






]
T1N=6T^*#$Q-RPR
#`I/'-P


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
C(W+#8P


]
T1N=6UP/B0@-#`V+#0P


3
L
M.#



M
S$L(#(P


U9C9C8V%?9C)F
E\T
M93EC7V)E
69?-C`W
F0W8V4V

O4VAE970P-BYH=&UL


M87-C:6DB
M#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$






T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

M:61A=&5D(%-T871E;65N='


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$L(#(P
3$\




M



M97


]


]
T1R93X-


]
T1N=6T^*#0P+#`P




M

]
T1N=6UP/CDQ+#
P



T1T;W`^

@86YD(&QI86)I


]


M


M86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@T
BPY
#`I/'-P


\+W1D/@T*


]
T1R





]



]
T1N=6UP/C$L
#
Y+#DP
M

]


C8L-3`P

]

]


]





]
T1N=6T^*#$L
#(U+#DP

]


]
M
T1N=6UP/C$V+#@P


]
T1N=6T^*#$L-#DP
M+#DP



]









]
T1N=6T^*#0U-BPX

RPV.30L


]


]
T1N=6T^*#DU+#$P












L




]


3DX+#4P



]















]















S$L
M(#(P


]






@3F5W(%)O;6%N


#L@=&5X

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



3$

M(A52RD@3&EM:71E9`H)B





30W.V-R869T)B
Q-#@[#0IS96=M96YT(&]F('1H92!B965R(&UA





@87)E(&UA9&4@9&ER


-FEN(&%C8V]R9&%N8V4@=VET:!S=&%T92!A;F0@


#L\+W`^




M0D5
)B

Q-#@[*2X@

M;V-A=&5D(&EN($UA:61S=&]N92P@2V5N=!I;B!T:&4@54LN/]P/@T*#0H\

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L
'0M





M=&AE(%-E8W5R:71I97

T0G9F]N=#H@

M+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

@3F5W


T0G9F]N=#H@

M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

M
T0G9F]N=#H@


M=&5D(&9I;F%N8VEA;!S=&%T96UE;G1S('!R97-E;G0-G1H92!A8V-O=6YT


'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


Q-C`[
M)B

T0G9F]N=#H@


M5&EM97

@3F5W(%)O;6%N


Q+`R,#$R(&%N9`R



M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'0M:6YD96YT.B`P+C5I;B<^
M/&(^)B

T0G9F]N=#H@









M(%1I;65S+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y
M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,XU:6XG/B8C


M;65N='


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97



@=&\@8F4@



@3F5W(%)O


T0G9F]N=#H@

M9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
M



30V.W



'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E

Q-C`[

T0G9F]N=#H@



6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P





M(&%C8V]U;G0@8F%S:7
L#0IS=6)J96-T('1O(&5S=&%B;&ES:&5D(&-R961I

@:7
@
M=&AE($-O;7!A;GDF(S$T-CMS#0IB97-T(&5S=&EM871E(&]F('1H92!A;6]U

M
30V.W






M97


M97










M;F]M:6




30V.W




M97


M;VQL96-T:6]N(&5F9F]R='



C0P+#(P


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97


Q-C`[/&(^)B

T0G9F]N=#H@


#L@



@87)E





T0G
M9F]N=#H@

M9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@







'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M(%1I;65S+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y
M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,XU:6XG/B8C






M97




M;W5N='



#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(#`N-6EN)SXF(S$V,#L\+W`^#0H-CQP



M5&EM97


3`P)3L@

T0G=F5R

M



M





M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0G9F]N=#H@
M


T0G9F]N=#H@




M4V5R:68G/C

T0G
M9F]N=#H@




'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97











M+6QI;F4@;65T:&]D(&]V97(@=&AE('-H;W)T97(@;V8@=&AE(&5S=&EM871E




@3F5W










@








L('1R96YD





M1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3(L('1H92!#;VUP86YY(')E8V]R9&5D(&YO(&EM

M8V5M8F5R(#


@3F5W





T0G
M9F]N=#H@

M9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@





@
M;V8@)#
Q
2PS

#$Q



#`N($%M;W)T


@)#0U+#`P
!A;F0@)#4U+#(P,!F;W(@=&AE
M('EE87)S(&5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$R(&%N9`R

'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97





@3F5W(%)O




@86X@

M;&QO=W



@


@9F]R(&9I;F%N

-



M;B!A;&QO=V%N8V4@:7


T0G9F]N=#H@

M.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@


@=6YC97)T86EN#0IT87@@

M='



'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97




'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M;FEZ97


T0P(&-E;&QP
M861D:6YG/3-$
!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q



M:#H@

T0G=VED=&@Z

@3F5W(%)O



[




M:#H@


M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



@:&%V92!B965N

M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@
3%P=!#86QI8G)I+!(96QV971I8V$L(%-A;G
M4V5R



T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T($-A



M;&4]

M5&EM97







M:61T:#H@

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ('1O

#L\+W1D

M
T0G9F]N=#H@

M)B


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97



34P.R`\




#L\+W`^



34P.SPO:3X@5&AE($-O;7!A

@=&AE('!R;V1U8W1S('!R:6]R('1O(')E8V]G;FEZ:6YG


@87


'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



Q




'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97




30X.PT*
M)B





@












M(#`N-6EN)SXF(S$V

#L@=&5X

T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@



T0G
M9F]N=#H@

M9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@


M97







@8F5V97)A9V5S(&EN('9A



30V.W


30V.W
@


6QE/3-$
M)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE<RP@4V5R:68[(&UA


M-6EN)SXF(S$V




30V.W



M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'0M:6YD96YT.B`P+C5I;B<^)B
Q





M97








M5&EM97


T0G9F]N=#H@

M+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N
M=#H@



30V.W




'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97




T0G9F]N=#H@




M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97













@3F5W(%)O;6%N




M92!W:71H($%30R`V

@


'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97







#`@86YD
M(0X-30L.#`P+!F;W(@=&AE('EE87)S(&5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R
M,#$R(&%N9`R

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




T0G9F]N=#H@
M

M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\=3Y87-I8R!A;F0@1&EL=71E9!)

T0G9F]N=#H@
M

M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

M=7-T:69Y)SY4:&4@8F%S:6
@96%R;FEN9W

M=&5D(&)Y#0ID:79I9&EN9R!T:&4@96%R;FEN9W


@8GD@=&AE('=E:6=H=&5D(&%V97)A9V4@
M;G5M8F5R(&]F(&-O;6UO;B!S:&%R97




2P@
C`Q


M(&]F('-T;V-K(&]P=&EO;G









3`P

T0G



M:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M)SY996%R($5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D



T0G

M



M;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E



M97





T0G=VED=&@Z(#$V)3L@=&5X


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,B4G/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@




M:61T:#H@
24G/B8C



#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

3(L-C$Q+#$S
SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
M


M;&4]




38P.SPO



Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B





M(S$V



Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@




Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@


#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P



@9G)O

\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[



M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\


T0G9F]N=#H@


M#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@


C
U/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@







M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L

38P.SPO=&0^

'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97



M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@





@=&AE





M;W)T960@:6X@;F]N+6]W;F5R(&-H86YG97



#L\+W`^#0H-


&-H86YG92!R871E<PT*
M:6X@969F96-T(&%T($1E8V5M8F5R(#,Q+`R
#$R(&%N9`R,#$Q+!A;F0@



@=&AE;B!E;F1E9X-D-H
M86YG97

M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'0M:6YD96YT.B`P+C5I;B<^
M/&(^)B

T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@

M97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G
M9F]N=#H@


M;V8@9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N='

M8V-O=6YT:6YG('!R:6YC:7!L97
@9V5N97)A;&QY(&%C8V5P=&5D(&EN('1H
M92!5;FET960@4W1A=&5S(&]F($%M97)I8V$@:6YC;'5D97
@:&%V:6YG('1H
M92!#;VUP86YY(&UA:V4@97-T:6UA=&5S#0IA;F0@87-S=6UP=&EO;G
@869F




M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97





6QE/3-$)V9O


'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@




M5&EM97

M;GDF(S$T-CMS(&9I;F%N8VEA;`T*:6YS=')U;65N='

@=&AE
M(&%M;W5N='



M97

M5&EM97

@3F5W(%)O;6%N


2`F(S$U


T0G9F]N=#H@

M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

M
T0G9F]N=#H@

M;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SY
979E;`R(8C
34P


M97



M3&5V96P@
R`F(S$U



M;F1E;G0Z(#`N-6EN)SXF(S$V

M

M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97





M;W5N='


@86YD
M(&QI86)I;&ET:65S(&%T($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$R(&%N9!$96-E;6)E


M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'0M:6YD96YT.B`P+C5I;B<^
M)B

M+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT
M+6EN9&5N=#H@,XU:6XG/B8C

30V.W
-FYE=!I;F-O
M;64@86YD(&-H86YG97
@:6X@97%U:71Y(&9R;VT@86QL(&]T:&5R(&YO;BUS


M;CH@

M)SXF(S$V









M='


M:&4@3F5T:&5R;&%N9'









T0G9F]N=#H@

M=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@




M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


3$L




#$S+B!4:&4@


'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




@;W1H97(@=&AA;@T*9V]O
M9'=I;&PN($%352!.;RX@
C`Q
BTP



M86QU92!O9B!A;B!I;F1E9FEN:71E+6QI=F5D(&EN=&%N9VEB;&4@87-S970@
M:7

@


C`Q


@9W5I9&%N8V4N(%1H92!A9&]P
M=&EO;B!O9B!T:&ES(&=U:61A;F-E(&]N($]C=&]B97(@
2P@
C`Q
B!D:60@

M;'1S(&]F(&]P97)A=&EO;G


6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P


C`Q
RP@=&AE($9I

30W.T9!

30W.T%3528C
30X.RD@3F\N(#(P
3
M



M97

@9G)O

M;B!I='


N


@









@5&%S:R!&;W)C92`H)B
Q

30X.RDL('1H92!!;65R:6-A;B!);G-T:71U=&4@;V8@0V5R



;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]D8S5F-F-C85]F
F8R
M7S1E.6-?8F4Q9E\V



M:2(-@T*/&AT;6P^#0H@(#QH96%D/@T*(`@(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]
M

]
T13


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]




#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\

]

M;CH@


M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


C
L(#(P
3$L

30X.RD@

M965M96YT('!R;W9I9&5S(&$@8W)E9&ET(&9A8VEL:71Y(&]F('5P('1O(0Q
M,PP
#`L

C
L(#(P
M






S$L
M(#(P
3(L($U0R!H860@8V%S:!A;F0@8V%S:`T*97%U:79A;&5N='
@;V8@
M)#$Y.PU,#`L(&%N(&%C8W5M=6QA=&5D(&1E9FEC:70@;V8@)#$S+#@S,PW
M
#`@86YD(&$@=V]R:VEN9R!C87!I=&%L(&1E9FEC:70@;V8@)#(L.3$S+#`P
M

@:6YC=7)R960-FEN(&-O;FYE8W1I;VX@
M=VET:!+0D5
)B





M;CH@



'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97






30V.W
-F%C8V]U;G1A;G1S+!T;R!C;VYF:7)M








@86YD








M8V]N=')O;'


30V.W




M:F%Y($UA;&QY82P@:7
@86QS;R!T:&4-D-H86ER;6%N(&]F('1H92!;V%R

M;CH@

M)SXF(S$V









@3F5W(%)O





)B






M:7
@:6X@9&5F875L=`T*=6YD97(@:71S('-E8W5R960@8W)E9&ET(&9A8VEL
M:71I97





M+R\O0SHO9&
U9C9C8V%?9C)F
E\T93EC7V)E
69?-C`W
F0W8V4V
&)B+U=O

O4VAE970P.2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D



T1T97AT

M:7

]



#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\


]


]
T1P;!V
M86QI9VX],T1T;W`^26YV96YT;W)I97,\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@8VQA

]





T0G
M9F]N=#H@

M9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@



M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SX-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


T0G9F]N=#H@
M

C`Q
CPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\



B4G/B8C
38P.SPO

38E.R!T


24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT
M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M9VXZ(')I9VAT)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L


#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9#XF(S$V

T0G9F]N=#H@

S(U+#$P



'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M)SXW
S(L
S`P/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C






M)SXF(S$V

M4V5R:68G/C0W+#8P
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

2PS
#`\+V9O


M(-#0T5%1D8G/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C

'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M
#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^
M)B







]
T1R


]






]

M


Q-C`[
M)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B


'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


@82!S=6UM87)Y

@86-C

3H\+W`^#0H-




3`P)3L@

T0G=F5R


3(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@
M(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B

#L\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C:V=R;W5N

M
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`R)2<^)B

'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q,'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97,L(%-E<FEF)SXQ,2PW-S(L,#`P/]F;VYT


T0G=VED=&@Z(#(E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*



@


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CPO

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@


C(R+#$P
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N







RPW
#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\
M=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B


RPW



T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@

#PO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT



T0G=F5R

@

M='
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^
M)B


@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF
M(S$V

T0G9F]N=#H@

2PT-#
L.3`P/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D
M/B8C



M


M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#`P/]F
M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C




M(#QT9#XF(S$V

T0G9F]N=#H@

S4Y+#8P
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R


M9#XF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

M9#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97


T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
M

#PO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
M

T0G
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

M(')I9VAT)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M/'1D/B8C

M;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C0T-%149&)SX-B`@
M(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\
M=&0^)B


@3F5W(%)O

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\
M=&0^)B


@3F5W(%)O





T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
2XU


T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@



M(#QT9#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97

Q



#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M

M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M



'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M
2PT.#@L









3XQ
B!-
M;VYT:'

M(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q



]



]

T0G9F]N=#H@

Q-C`[-2XF(S$V
#LF(S$V
M
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V


M;F4@




#`N($EN8VQU9&5D(&EN('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B
Q

MD1E8V5M8F5R(#,Q+`R

M;&EN9R`D
BPU
2X\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*#0H\

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L
'0M

T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97

C8L(#(P


M0E

M:6QI='D-G1O($M14P@9F]R(&$@;6%X:6UU;2!A;6]U;G0@;V8@)B
Q-C
[
M
2PW-3`L





3`E(&]F(&5A8V@@:6YV;VEC
M92!D:7-C;W5N=&5D+B!4:&4@86UO=6YT(&]U='-T86YD:6YG(&]N('1H:7
@

@;V8@1&5C96UB97(-C,Q+`R








]

T1)1#!%3$4^#0H@(`@(`\

3(@36]N
M=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@

S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@








M+B8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R`\=3Y







M;65S+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,XU:6XG/B8C
M


T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P=!#86QI8G)I+!(96QV971I8V$L
M(%-A;G
M4V5R:68[('=I9'1H.B`Q


34E)SXF
M(S$V


M9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



M;VTZ(&)L86-K(#$N-7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI
M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


34E)SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@




T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
M

M8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C0T-%149&)SX-B`@(`\=&0@

T0G=VED=&@Z(#8P)3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT


M('!R:6UE('!L=7
@

M;WAI;6%T96QY(0R+#(Q,PS
#`@:6X@2G5N92`R



38P

M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
M


M;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@


M4V5R:68G/C(L.#@U+#8P
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

T0G
M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M/B8C

M=#H@







C4L






M




3$U



M.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^




M;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@

34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT
M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

BPT
M

M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D
M97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q
M-24G/B8C

#PO9F]N=#X\



T0G9F]N
M=#H@

M=7)R96YT(&UA='5R:71I97


M+6AE:6=H=#H@


M



3$U




Q-C`[


34E)SXF(S$V



@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

C5P

'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@


M;W)M86P@5&EM97


M

M


M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

@


M
3

M
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M
T0G9F]N=#H@


M:68G/C0U

T0G=VED
M=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D


M



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
M




#`\


M/C(P


3$U





34E
M)SXF(S$V






M



'!T+S$Q-24@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O


C`Q
RP@34)#
M+!296QE=&$@86YD($-O;&4@5&%Y;&]R($)A;FL@96YT97)E9!I;G1O(&%N
M(&%M96YD;65N=!T;R!T:&4@;&]A;B!D;V-U;65N=',@=VAI8V@-F-L87)I
M9FEE9!T:&4@;65T:&]D(&)Y('=H:6-H('1H92!F:7AE9!C:&%R9V4@8V]V





;V-A=&EO
M;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]D8S5F-F-C85]F
F8R7S1E.6-?8F4Q9E\V




]

T0Q
M(')O=W-P86X]

]



T1T;W`^/'-T



T1T;W`^0V%P:71A





'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E

M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@





T0G9F]N
M=#H@


M870@87)E(&-L87-S:69I960@87

Q




T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P=!#86QI8G)I+!(
M96QV971I8V$L(%-A;G
M4V5R:68[('=I9'1H.B`Q
#`E.R!B;W)D97(M8V]L

M;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z(#(E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


38E.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M





38P

T0G9F]N=#H@


M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L

#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#X\9F]N=!S='EL


'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

97-S(&%M;W5N='





T0G9F]N
M=#H@

Q-C`[


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M


M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L



M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M

38P.SPO9F]N

M/C
L






T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXR

T0G9F]N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P



@3F5W

M(#`N-6EN)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97















]


]
M

]
M




#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#L@
M/'4^3F]T97

38P.SPO




'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




RPS
34L-S`P(&%S(&]F
M($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$R(&%N9`R
#$Q+B!4:&ER=&5E;B!O9B!T:&4@
M54)!(&YO=&5S(&%R92!C;VYV97)T:6)L92!I;G1O(&-O;6UO;B!S=&]C:PT*




M97


#$V+B!4

2PV
#`@86YD
M(0Q+#0P,PS

M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO9&
U9C9C8V%?9C)F
E\T93EC7V)E
69?
M-C`W
F0W8V4V

O4VAE970Q-2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT





M;R!.;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7

]


]
T1T
M:#Y$96
N(#




T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

M8CXY+B8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C




M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




L(&EN8VQU9&EN9R!M86QT





@87)E(&%S(&9O;&QO=W


T0P(&-E
M;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q




M)B

M;&4]

M/B8C

'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU<W1I9GDG/CQF


T0G
M=VED=&@Z(#(E)SXF(S$V



M:61T:#H@
24G/B8C




#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT



T0G=F5R

M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L

#$U/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^

M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

C8L
C`P/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C




#L\+W1D

T0G8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97

Q

M='1O;3H@

6QE


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@8FQA8VL@


#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E


T0G9F]N=#H@

M=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@

M97)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SY4:&4@0V]M


@8V]N



@




M
T0G9F]N=#H@

M;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
M

T0G9F]N=#H@



M87-S97-S;65N=!I;F1I8V%T97,@=&AA=!A('!O=&5N=&EA;&QY(&UA=&5R



M=VAI8V@@8V%S92!T:&4@;F%T=7)E(&]F('1H92!G=6%R86YT964@=V]U;&0@

#L@=&5X

#L\


M(&)E;&EE=F5S('=I;&P@:&%V92P@:6YD:79I9'5A;&QY(&]R(&EN('1H92!A
M9V=R96=A=&4L(&$@;6%T97)I86P@861V97)S92!E9F9E8W0@;VX@=&AE($-O



'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97

M/CQU/D]P97)A=&EN9R!
96%S97

'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97





L(&ET

@8F%S960@;VX@9&5F


'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'0M:6YD96YT.B`P+C5I;B<^)B
Q-C`[









M92!C:&%R9V5D('1O(&]P97)A=&EO;G
@=V%S(0S,C0L-#`P(&%N9`D
S`T
M+#8P
!F;W(@=&AE('EE87)S(&5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R(#,Q+`R
#$R(&%N

T0G9F]N=#H@

M=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P




T0G9F]N
M=#H@
3!P=!#86QI8G)I+!(96QV971I8V$L(%-A;G
M4V5R:68[('=I9'1H
M.B`Q


#L\+W1D

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@

M:61T:#H@.#`E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#$S/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@




M;W(Z(-#0T5%1D8G/@T*(`@(#QT9#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#$T/]F;VYT
M/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C

M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L

C8L.3`P/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO


M:68G/C(P
34\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`\=&0^)B


@3F5W

M(#QT9#XF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM

@3F5W(%)O

M)B

M;&4]

#PO


M=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^


#L\+W1D/CPO

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C






#L\+W1D

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@

#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M(&)L86-K(#(N

M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




#L\+W`^




@86QL(&ME9W






M;F-L=61E9!I;B!T:&4@86)O=F4-F9U='5R92!M:6YI;75M(&QE87-E('!A





]

M:60]





]

M;G

T0G;6%R9VEN.B`P

M4F]M86XL(%1I;65S+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P)SX\8CXQ,X@)B
Q-C`[
M)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B







@8F%L86YC97

#$R(&%N9`R,#$Q(&%N9!T:&4@=F%L=64@


Q+`T*
C`Q
B!A;F0@
M
C`Q



M:61T:#H@




3(\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[


#L\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O



M

Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[

M



T0G=VED=&@Z(#(E)SXF(S$V
#L\


M5&EM97

24G/B8C
38P.SPO


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F
M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

RPP


M9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-


M:68G/C$V+#$Y
BPR
#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-


M:68G/C$W+#
Q
PP,#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B

M/B8C

#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\
M=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B


38W+#(P

M=VET:!50D$@;F]T97,@*'-E92!N;W1E(#@I/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B




M;&4]

'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P


'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#PO9F]N=#X\


04Y#15
\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q

M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
M



M;&ET:65S('1O(%-H97!H97)D($YE86UE($QT9X\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@
M(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\


L
M.#DT+#DP
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT

M-38L.3`P/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C


T0G
M9F]N=#H@

M;W5N='


M3F5A;64@3'1D+CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V

T0G9F]N=#H@

S4V+#
P
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N


M(#QT9#XF(S$V

T0G
M9F]N=#H@

M9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@




30L



'0O:'1M





]
T1R93X-B`@(`@






M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




30V.W






M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'0M:6YD96YT.B`P+C5I;B<^
M)B


30V.W
@55
M


@0V%L



@





!F;W(@
M=&AE('EE87)S(&5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R(#,Q+`R
#$R(&%N9`R,#$Q+!W

Q+`R,#$R(&%N9`R

L
#`P+!W:&EC:!R97!R97-E;G1E










M
3XQ
B!-;VYT:'

2P@
C`Q



]






T0G9F]N=#H@

M)SX\8CXQ
BXF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#L@/'4^4W1O8VMH;VQD
M97)S)B

T0G
M9F]N=#H@

M9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@


M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




M97

@87)E(&5N=&ET;&5D('1O(')E8V5I=F4@8V%S



M(%=H96X@=&AE(&5N=&ER92!397)I97









M;F-O;64@5&%X97


]



T1T;W`^


M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




M;65S+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T
M97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,XU:6XG/B8C

M=&5D(&EN('1H92!#;VUP86YY(&1E=&5R;6EN:6YG('1H870@=&AE(&1E9F5R








#L@

M


T0G
M9F]N=#H@

M9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

M


M;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SX-B`@(`\=&0^)B

T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


T0G9F]N=#H@

C`Q
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!C;VQS

B!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S



T0G=&5X

38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^


T0G

'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




@3F5W(%)O

Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^/&9O;G0@

T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@



B4G/B8C
M



T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E
M)SXF(S$V

M+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


M
T0G9F]N=#H@

M-RPQ

#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\
M=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B



M(S$V

M
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

M9VXZ(')I9VAT)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D('-T

M

M/BT\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/'1R


T0G9F]N=#H@
M



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M8FQA8VL@

M5&EM97


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#PO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
M






'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97





M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97





M/3-$
B!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI

M/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO


3$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T


'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M9VAT)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97

C8L-C`P/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D

T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P


T0G9F]N
M=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@


#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@

M/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D

M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M


C`E/]F
M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97


38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE<RP@4V5R






#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V

M96US/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C

M9VAT)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97

#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V






#L\+W1D

SDL





M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




T0G9F]N=#H@


3`P/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@/'1D/B8C

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


Q-C`[)B




M9R!L;W-S97


@:6X@
C`Q
2X\


@


M87

#L@=&5X=UI
M;F1E;G0Z(#`N-6EN)SXF(S$V,#LF(S$V,#L\+W`^#0H-CQT86)L92!C96QL



38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R('-T


M97

MB`@(`\=&0^)B

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA
M8VL@

M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@


C`Q

@3F5W(%)O

M
T0G=VED=&@Z(#(E)SXF(S$V



24G/B8C

T0G=VED=&@Z
M(#$E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M)SXU+#(Y.2PQ


#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R


M(#QT9#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97

38P


'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M5&EM97



'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97








M;&4]

'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\


T0G9F]N=#H@

RPU-3@L
#`P/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO

Q-C`[

MB`@(`\=&0^)B



'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97





T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M)SY4;W1A;#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@

T0G9F]N=#H@




Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T


38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C

#L\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E

M/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D

T0G
M9F]N=#H@


M:68G/B@Q








@


M)#$S+#0X-RPP

C`Q-R!A;F0@96YD
M:6YG(&EN#0HR
#
R+B!4:&4@55


C8L
28C,30V
M.W,-E5+(&]P97)A=&EN9R!L;W-S97

M
RPP-S
L

@3F5W(%)O;6%N



3$[('1H92!#;VUP

@=&\@9FEL92!I='
@
C`Q


3
N($-A;&EF;W)N:6$@;6%Y('-T:6QL(&5X86UI;F4@
M



U9C9C8V%?
M9C)F
E\T93EC7V)E
69?-C`W
F0W8V4V

O4VAE970R
M









]





#L\+W`^#0H-





'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E
'0M:6YD



@:71S

@;W=N(&9A8VEL:71I97
L('=H:6-H(&%R92!L;V-A




T0G9F]N=#H@

M:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@


30V.W







T0G9F]N=#H@
M

M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97




M93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9#XF(S$V


T0G
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


T0G9F]N=#H@

#L\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\

'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU<W1I9GDG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@/'1D/B8C



\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q





M
B!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@


T0G

24G/CQF;VYT('-T


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E
M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97

M)W=I9'1H.B`Q


T0G=VED=&@Z(#
E
M)SXF(S$V




T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E
M)SXF(S$V

Q-C`[



T0G=VED=&@Z(#
E
M)SXF(S$V




T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E
M)SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

M9#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M
SDL
S`P/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C

M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D('-T

#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H


M(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ



MB`@(`\=&0^)B



#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`\=&0^)B


M/C0L-#0P+#@P
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M
PR-3$L-3`P/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/]T




M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D('-T

M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

S(L
3`P
M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C

M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
M


T0G9F]N=#H@

2PP-#@L
3`P/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
M

M8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C0T-%149&)SX-B`@(`\=&0^

T0G9F]N=#H@

MB`@(`\=&0^)B


M/C$L
#@V+#8P
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@

#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B



M:6XG/B8C




M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P=!#86QI8G)I+!(96QV971I8V$L(%-A;G
M4V5R
M:68[('=I9'1H.B`Q





M97

#L\+W1D/CPO





M(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C


M=&EO;G
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\
M=&0^)B



#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!C;VQS

B!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S


M;&4]




'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT)SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E



M

@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M

M/C(T+#`Q-2PT

M
R4G/B8C

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$P)3L@=&5X



M

@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M

M/C0Q+#(Q
2PQ


M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
M


T0G9F]N=#H@

P
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V



T0G9F]N=#H@


M(#QT9#XF(S$V

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\


M
BPT
#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(-#0T5%1D8G/@T*(`@(#QT9#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F
M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M=&EF:6%B;&4@87-S971S/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO


'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

BPQ-#@L-C`P/]F;VYT
M/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C

#`\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B

T0G=&5X

L
#@T+#DP
#PO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT



T0G

'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M;W)T:7IA=&EO;CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V

T0G9F]N=#H@

R+#
P
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N


M(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9#XF(S$V

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\
M=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@


M+#`P


38P.SPO


'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#8L.#`P/]F;VYT/CPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C

M#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

M9VXZ(')I9VAT)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@








3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H

M/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q


]



M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P=]N;W)M86P@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE


38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C


M:6XG/B8C

M86P@5&EM97


38S.S$L-#(X+#`P
`H)#(L,S(R
M+#(P,D@87
@;V8@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3(N(%5N9&5R($M14PF(S$T
M-CMS(&QI;F4@;V8-F-R961I=!A9W)E96UE;G0@=VET:!20E

M:6)U=&EO;G


M(8C,38S.S$L,#`P+#`P,`H)#$L-C(V+#(P
DN($-O;F1E;G-E9!F:6YA





Q-C`[)B





T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P



M)B

3$\+V9O

M.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

B!S='EL

34E
M)SXF(S$V

M


M)B

M:6=H=#H@


34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
M

M:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


B4[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*


M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,B4[(&QI;F4M:&5I
M9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T
M:#H@
24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT
M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G
M9F]N=#H@

3@W
M+#(P



M
34E)SXF(S$V

Q


T0G;&EN92UH
M96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C






34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*




34E)SXF
M(S$V


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z
M(#$Q-24G/B8C


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT('-T


M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI
M9#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D('-T




T0G;&EN92UH
M96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C





T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G
M/B8C



M;&4]
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


S`P/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D

34E)SXF(S$V


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#H@,3$U)2<^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G9F]N=#H@,3!P=!4:6UE

C(L

34E)SXF(S$V
M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O


34E)SXF(S$V

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#H@,3$U)2<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G;&EN
M92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C



34E
M)SXF(S$V





M9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

M:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

2PR
C4L

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G
M/B8C


6QE/3-$)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

PX-C0L-C`P/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^


Q

M9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
M

3`L
S0Y+#`P
M




6QE/3-$)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
M


M)B


M;W1T;VTZ(&)L86-K(#$N-7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@

M5&EM97

#`\+V9O;G0^

34E
M)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M
M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P

BPU


M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
M

34E)SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E

M;W1T;VTZ(&)L86-K(#(N

3$U


M;W1T;VTZ(&)L86-K(#(N

M9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G
M9F]N=#H@

38L
M-C@Y+#DP



Q

M
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@,3$U)2<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
M
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M+6AE:6=H=#H@


M/3-$)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S



M=#H@



M;&4]
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C



M


34E
M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97

S`P/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D('-T

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C:V=R;W5N

M=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G
M/B8C

M=#H@




M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@


2PU

M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

M

34E
M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\



3$U


M9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G
M9F]N=#H@

M+#
P



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT('-T



T0G8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

34E
M)SXF(S$V



Q


34E
M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97

L
3`P/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D('-T

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C:V=R;W5N

M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M:6=H=#H@


34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M)SXT+#@P.2PT

M)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL





M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

T0G
M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@,3$U)2<^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G
M/B8C

M=#H@



34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*




T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P



34E)SXF(S$V


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^


Q

M(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G
M/B8C


M;&4]
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

M9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G
M9F]N=#H@

RPT
M


M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

T0G
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

M.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G
M/B8C

M;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C0T-%149&)SX-B`@(`\








M

M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D
M97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q
M-24G/B8C

P

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
M


M9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

M:6=H=#H@


M)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL



M



M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M+6AE:6=H=#H@


M/3-$)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S



M=#H@


M:68G/D-O;6UO;B!S=&]C:SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M;&4]
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


M9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
M

M8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C0T-%149&)SX-B`@(`\=&0@




T0G
M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C





34E)SXF(S$V



M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M86-K(#$N-7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG

@3F5W


34E)SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E

M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D
M97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q
M-24G/B8C

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF





T0G9F]N=#H@



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M8FQA8VL@

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\


34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P
M=!S;VQI9#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M4V5R:68G/C4L
S@Y+#(P
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q

@3F5W(%)O;6%N



M/3-$)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S


M9&]U8FQE.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M9&]U8FQE.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N
M=#H@




T0G9F]N=#H@
M
3!P=!#86QI8G)I+!(96QV971I8V$L(%-A;G
M4V5R:68[('=I9'1H.B`Q
M



T0G9F]N=#H@


C`Q

T0G
M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M/3-$)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
M

M



34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C:V=R;W5N

M

T0G=VED=&@Z(#(E.R!L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#H@


38E.R!T97AT





T0G=VED=&@Z(#(E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q


M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
38E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN

M97

#`\+V9O;G0^



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT('-T




M=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

3(L
S@S+#DP
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P




T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q
M-24G/B8C






T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q
M-24G/B8C

M:6=H=#H@





T0G9F]N=#H@



M)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

M;&4]

3$U

T0G9F]N=#H@

T0G;&EN92UH96EG
M:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@8FQA8VL@

M+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@


34E)SXF(S$V
M

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M8FQA8VL@

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


T0G;&EN

M97

T0G;&EN92UH96EG
M:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@8FQA8VL@

M+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

3`U+#
P
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
M


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
2XU

3$U

T0G9F]N=#H@

#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S



T0G;&EN92UH96EG
M:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


34E)SXF(S$V
M

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q
M-24G/B8C

M:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

M
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@,3$U)2<^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q
M-24G/B8C

M:6=H=#H@


34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D


M



M+6AE:6=H=#H@


34E)SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E

S@P+#`P




M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

X
BPR
#`\+V9O;G0^




M9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

M.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97


34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@,3$U)2<^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G9F]N=#H@,3!P=!4


Q

M;B!F;W(@=&%X97


M=#H@









T0G9F]N=#H@

T0G

34E)SXF
M(S$V

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@8FQA8VL@

34E)SXF(S$V
M

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M
T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O
M='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

34E)SXF
M(S$V


M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M
T0G9F]N=#H@








T0G9F]N=#H@

#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL


Q


M(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


34E)SXF
M(S$V

T0G9F]N=#H@
M


#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(#`N-6EN)SXF(S$V,#L\+W`^#0H-CQT




34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT
M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M;'-P86X]

M('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E
M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97


M/3-$)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
M


@3F5W(%)O


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

M:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M:'0[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S


M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(-#0T5%1D8G/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
M-C`E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
M

M+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

34E
M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97


M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT


T0G
M=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!B;W)D


24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CPO

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C

M+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@



34E
M)SXF(S$V

T0G;&EN92UH96EG
M:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO



M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


34E)SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L

M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

M


T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@

M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

@9G)O;2!S
M86QE(&]F(&5Q=6EP;65N=#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

3$U


M;W1T;VTZ(&)L86-K(#$N-7!T('-O;&ED.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M)B


M9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@




M:6=H=#H@


M

T0G9F]N=#H@



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@



M

T0G9F]N=#H@

T0G;&EN92UH
M96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

38P

3$U


M9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@,3$U)2<^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G9F]N=#H@,3!P=!4


Q

M
34E)SXF(S$V

C4L

M.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97

M=#H@



34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

T0G
M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C



M/3-$)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\='(@


M.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V


M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*






M:6=H=#H@


34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*






T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT('-T



M86-K(#$N-7!T('-O;&ED.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@





M(&)L86-K(#$N-7!T('-O;&ED.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[











M87-H(&9L;W=S(&9R;VT@9FEN86YC:6YG(&%C=&EV:71I97

M(#$N-7!T('-O;&ED.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@






M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M:6=H=#H@




M-7!T('-O;&ED.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@





M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@





'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
3$U

T0G9F]N=#H@

3(S+#(P
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

M;W5B;&4[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT
M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M(#(N


M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@




;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]D8S5F-F-C85]F
F8R7S1E.6-?
M8F4Q9E\V

T1#;VYT

]
T13:&]W+FIS




]








T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G9F]N
M=#H@

M.B`P.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@



@9F]R;65D(&EN
M(#$Y.#


M
30W.U)E;&5T828C
30X.RDL(&%N9!5;FET960@0G)E=V5R:65S($EN=&5R
M;F%T:6]N86P@*%5+*2!,:6UI=&5D(@F(S$T-SM50DE52R8C
30X.RDN($EN


M(&)E97(@;6%R:V5T+B!4:&4@8G)E=V5R:65S(&%R92!L;V-A=&5D(&EN(%5K



@

T0G9F]N=#H@
M

M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@


30V.W


M
C`Q


M92!5;FET960@2VEN9V1O;2!A;F0@175R;W!E+B!4:&4@9&ES=')I8G5T;W)S





M(S$V








M=&AE#0ID871E(&%T('=H:6-H('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B




]
T1T97AT




M




M97





T1T;W`^0F%S:7
@

]

'!T)SX\



'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E



2P@
C`Q
B!A;F0@
C`Q




]






@:&%D(&YO(&5F


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0V%S:!A;F0@

M



'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97






]

'!T)SX\+W`^



M4F]M86XL(%1I;65S+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
M,XU:6XG/B8C


M=&AO=6=H('1H:7




M($-O;7!A;GDF(S$T-CMS(&]P97)A=&EO;G

T1T;W`^5')A9&4@06-C;W5N
M='

M







'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97



T0G9F]N=#H@

M:3Y!;&QO=V%N8V4@9F]R($1O=6)T9G5L($%C8V]U;G1S(#PO:3X\+W`^#0H-




M;CH@




30V.W



M87-E9`T*;VX@;6%N86=E;65N=8C,30V.W,@87-S97-S;65N=P@=&AE($-O


M9&ET('1O(&$@=F%L=6%T:6]N(&%L;&]W86YC92X@0F%L86YC97


C0P+#(P

]
T1P
M;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^26YV96YT;W)I97,\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@

]

'!T)SX\+W`^#0H-



'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97





@:6YV96YT;W)I97






6QE


@

M;G0Z(#`N-6EN)SXF(S$V

#L@



M=FEC97



]



#L@=&5X


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E




M=F5R('1H92!S:&]R=&5R(&]F('1H92!L:69E(&]F('1H92!I;7!R;W9E;65N


@







T0G9F]N=#H@
M

M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@




T0G=VED

T0G9F]N=#H@




M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@=&]P)SX-B`@(`\=&0^/&9O;G0@

T0G9F]N=#H@



M/C
@+2`T





M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

96%S


M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97










@3F5W(%)O;6%N



M(%1I;65S+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y
M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,XU:6XG/CQI/B8C








T0G
M9F]N=#H@

M9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@


M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@

M9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@




@;V8@06-C;W5N=&EN9R!3=&%N9&%R9'
@0V]D


I+B!4
6EN9R!V86QU92!O9B!P<F]P




M:&5R#0IE8V]N;VUI8R!F86-T;W)S+B!



2P@
C`Q


M960@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P





T0G9F]N=#H@



'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97










@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
M
3(@86YD#0HR



]


6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z


@




-G)E8V]G;FET:6]N(&%N9!M96%S




M92!N970@=&%X(&5F9F5C='


M8FEL:71I97




@97-T86)L:7-H960@

T0G
M9F]N=#H@

M9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@


M97







]

T0G;6%R9VEN


M+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT
M+6EN9&5N=#H@,XU:6XG/B8C

@-C`U+B!4:&4@
F5S(')E=F5N=64@9G)O;2!P<F]D=6-T('-A;&5S

T0G9F]N=#H@
M

M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@




M4F]M86XL(%1I;65S+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J
M=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,XU:6XG/B8C

T0G
M=VED=&@Z(#$P


3!P
M=!#86QI8G)I+!(96QV971I8V$L(%-A;G
M4V5R:68G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^

'!T








M.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

@;V-C=7)R960@



T0G9F]N=#H@
3%P=!#86QI8G)I
M+!(96QV971I8V$L(%-A;G



T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!S
M='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q

M97)I9CL@=VED=&@Z(#$P





T0G

M.B`Q

M.B`P)SXF(S$V


M

M9'1H.B`R-'!X)SXF(S$V

T0G9F]N=#H@




'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'0M:6YD96YT.B`P+C5I;B<^)B
Q-C`[

34P.R`\+VD^5&AE($-O;7!A;GD@9&]C=6UE;G1S





M;G0Z(#`N-6EN)SXF(S$V

#L@


@=&AE('!R;V1U8W1S


M=FEC97
@87


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E


M9`T*;W(@1&5T97)M:6YA8FQE)B


M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




30X.PT*)B





M5&EM97




M='








]
M




M86XL(%1I;65S+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T
M:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,XU:6XG/B8C


M;'

#`P



#`N($EN9&EV

M:&]L:6
@8F5V97)A9V5S#0II;B!V87)Y:6YG(&%M;W5N='
L('=H:6-H(&AA

M96YT960@:6X@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDF(S$T-CMS('-T871E;65N='
@;V8@;W!E






6QE



T0G9F]N=#H@

M=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@

M97)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SY4;R!F=7)T


L




3(@86YD(#(P
3$L

S
P+#@P

]
T1P



'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97


@9F]R(&-H87)G96)A

@8GD@9&ES=')I8G5T;W)S



M($-O;7!A;GD@86YA;'EZ97


@=&\@97-T






T0G9F]N=#H@



'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97













]

'!T)SX\+W`^#0H-






M=&EO;G
@87


@87)E(')E8V]G;FEZ960@87
@




@3F5W(%)O




M86YC92!W:71H($%30R`V

M97

M=&AR;W5G


'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'0M:6YD96YT.B`P+C5I;B<^)B
Q-C`[





#`@
M86YD(0X-30L.#`P+!F;W(@=&AE('EE87)S(&5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q
M+`R,#$R(&%N9`R


]



M+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\=3Y

M+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT
M+6EN9&5N=#H@,XU:6XG/B8C




M9W

M5&EM97

T0P


M)SXF(S$V



M='1O;3H@


M





M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/B8C

M=&5R)SXF(S$V

B!S='EL93TS

M;CH@8V5N=&5R)SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R



T0G=VED
M=&@Z(#(E)SXF(S$V




B4G
M/B8C


#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*





#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D


T0G9F]N=#H@


3(L-#@Q+#DQ






#0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B



#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T


M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@


M=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E

M9VXZ(')I9VAT)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

2PS
#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@
M(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B



M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97


T0G9F]N=#H@
M



T0G9F]N=#H@

#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V

#L\+W1D/CPO='(^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C:V=R

M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



T0G=&5X

C@X+#$P
CPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT


M(#QT9#XF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM

@3F5W(%)O



M(')I9VAT)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C

M(')I9VAT)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

BPT.#$L.3$S/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@/'1D/B8C


M:&%R93PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97


'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C




]

T0G;6%R9VEN



M86XL(%1I;65S+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T
M:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,XU:6XG/CQB/B8C
38P.SPO8CX\+W`^#0H-






M97

@86YD(&%V97)A9V4@97AC

@9'5R:6YG('1H92!P97)I;V0@9F]R(')E=F5N=65S#0IA
M;F0@97AP96YS97
N($-U;75L871I=F4@=')A;G-L871I;VX@861J=7-T;65N
M='

@;W(@;&EA8FEL:71I97
@

&-H86YG92!R871E(&=A:6YS(&]R(&QO<W-E<R!R96QA=&5D('1O




'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97




]

]



#L@

@3F5W(%)O;6%N








L(&QI

M=7)E(&]F(&-O;G1I;F=E;G0@87-S971S#0IA;F0@;&EA8FEL:71I97
N(%1H
M92!A;6]U;G1S(&5S=&EM871E9!C;W5L9!D:69F97(@9G)O;2!A8W1U86P@

M86YC92!F;W(@9&]U8G1F=6P-F%C8V]U;G1S+!D97!R96-I871I;VX@86YD





'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



T0G9F]N=#H@

M97)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN
M9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
M


M97AP96YS960@87
@:6YC=7)R960-F%N9!W97)E(0Y,#`L-S`P(&%N9`D
M
2PQ
38L

@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
M
3(@86YD(#(P







M;F1E;G0Z(#`N-6EN)SXF(S$V

M

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97




M=6UE;G1S(')E9FQE8W1S('1H92!A;6]U;G1S('1H870@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@
M97-T:6UA=&5S('1O(')E8V5I=F4@:6X@8V]N;F5C=&EO;B!W:71H('1H92!S

@870@=&AE(&UE




M97

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E
'0M:6YD





#L@

M


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97






T0G9F]N=#H@

M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

M
T0G9F]N=#H@


M=F%L=64@;V8@8V5R=&%I;B!F:6YA;F-I86P@87-S971S#0IA;F0@;&EA8FEL
M:71I97


L(&%C8V]U;G1S(')E8V5I=F%B;&4L(&]T:&5R(&-U



M
2P@
C`Q
B!A;F0@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L#0HR


@86YD(&QI86)I;&ET





]


M



30V.W
-FYE=!I;F-O;64@86YD(&-H86YG97
@:6X@








'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97




'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


@:71S(&]P97)A
M=&EO;G







M86PL(%-P86EN+!3=V5D96XL(%-W:71Z97)L86YD+!A;F0@=&AE(%5N:71E

30X


N($EN('1H92!E

M960@=&\@;VYE(&]P97)A=&EN9R!S96=M96YT(&)Y#0IT:&4@;W1H97(L('1H

M86YY)B








T0G9F]N=#H@

M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N
M=#H@

M.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\=3Y296-E;G0@06-C;W5N=&EN

M

M(S$V


M='


@9F]R(&5N=&ET:65S

@

M(&5F9F5C=&EV92!F;W(@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@8F5G:6YN:6YG(&EN('1H92!F
28C
30V.W




M;F1E;G0Z(#`N-6EN)SXF(S$V

M


#$R+3`R+`T*26YT86YG:6)L97
M1V]O9'=I

#$R





@87




C`Q
BTP


#$R+B!4:&4@0V]M


@9W5I9&%N


T0G9F]N=#H@

M+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@




30X.RD@:7-S=65D($%C


Q-#@[*2!.
M;RX@
C`Q
RTP
BP@4F5P;W)T:6YG(&]F($%M;W5N='






30X.RDN($%3
M52!.;RX@
C`Q
RTP

@



M;VQI9&%T960@9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N='
N(%1H92!#;VUP86YY('!L
M86YS('1O(&%D;W!T('1H:7
@9W5I9&%N8V4@8F5G:6YN:6YG(&EN('1H92!F

T0G9F]N
M=#H@

M.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@



Q-#@[*2P@=&AE

M;G1A;G1S#0HH)B

M(&$@;6%T97)I86P@:6UP86-T(&]N('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B












3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@

M/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P



]
M

M;F0@17%U:7!M96YT/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\

M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97




M.B!T;W`G/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@.#`E)SX\9F]N=!S

T0G
M9F]N=#H@



M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0G9F]N=#H@



T0G=&5X

@+2`Q




M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M92!A;F0@9FEX='5R97

M5&EM97


T0G9F]N=#H@
M



T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@




M




@3F5W


M(#$N-7!T)SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC

#L\+W1D


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


T0G9F]N=#H@
M

C`Q
CPO9F]N



M96YT97(G/B8C

3$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@


M:61T:#H@
B4G/B8C



M:#H@
24G/B8C

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E)SXF
M(S$V

T0G9F]N=#H@


M/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO


M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L

BPT.#$L.3$S/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P

M=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C0T-%149&)SX-B`@(`\=&0^/&9O

T0G9F]N=#H@


M
T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@

XP-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
M


T0G9F]N=#H@

XP,#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E

M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/CQF;VYT



P
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N


M(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ



M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97

38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO




#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T


M/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO


'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



T0G9F]N=#H@

M;B!S:&%R97
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`\=&0^)B


@3F5W

MB`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`\=&0^)B


@3F5W

MB`@(`\=&0^)B



M('-H87)E/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C



Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B

M97

MB`@(`\=&0^)B




M97AT4&%R=%]D8S5F-F-C85]F
F8R7S1E.6-?8F4Q9E\V




M87-C:6DB
M#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$





]
M


]
T1T
M:#Y$96
N(#




T1T;W`^
M4V-H961U;&4@;V8@26YV96YT;W)I97



M;W)I97





#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(#`N-6EN)SXF(S$V,#L\+W`^#0H-CQT



M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P
M86X]





T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O
M='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


T0G9F]N=#H@

C`Q

M97

T0G=VED=&@Z(#(E)SXF(S$V
#L\


M5&EM97

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D

T0G9F]N
M=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@

#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*






R
RPV
#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
MB`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@


R-2PQ
#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97


#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V

M
T0G9F]N=#H@

M-3@R+#(P

#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@8FQA8VL@

M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L

#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B



Q



M/B8C
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXR

M-SDY+#8P


M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]D8S5F-F-C85]F
F8R7S1E.6-?8F4Q9E\V








3(@36]N
M=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@

S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@





T0G9F]N=#H@

M97)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SY4:&4@9F]L

'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97






B!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q
M+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS

M/B8C



M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@-C`E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



T0G9F]N=#H@


M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@





'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS


T0G9F]N=#H@

M/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D

M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M
BPQ
#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\
M=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@


C(R
M+#$P



M


M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

L-S`P/]F
M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C

M93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R




#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`\=&0^)B


M/C@Q
PY,#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B



Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B




M;&4]

'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\


T0G9F]N=#H@

3DP+#`P
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V

#L\+W1D

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@



M=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@


U.2PV
M
#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^
M)B

M;&4]

U.PU,#`\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B

M;&ED)SXF(S$V


RPU
#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B


#L\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\='(@


38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C

M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D('-T

M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

BPY.#DL
M
3`P/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C








C0L
C`P



M9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B


T0G9F]N=#H@
M


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O

38P






M)B

M;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


T0G9F]N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

3$L
SDQ+#DP








]

T1)1#!%6D8^#0H@(`@(`\='(^


M

S$L(#(P


6QE/3-$)V9O


M.R!M87)G:6XZ(#`G/DUA='5R:71I97
@;V8@;&]N9RUT97)M(&1E8G0@9F]R



M(S$V



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O


M)B


M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^

M=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

C`Q
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
M


34E)SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L



@;V8@)#$R+#
P



24[(&QI;F4M:&5I
M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

BPW
3@L

M(#$Q-24G/B8C




T0G=VED=&@Z(#$V

M
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL



M


M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

34E)SXF(S$V
M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O


34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT
M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

;V%N(&9R

M='
@;V8@)#(U+#(P




M;W1T;VTZ(&)L86-K(#$N-7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@

M5&EM97


M)B

M;VTZ(&)L86-K(#$N-7!T('-O;&ED.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q



M
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

T0G
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

M(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N
M=#H@

M:6=H=#H@



M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
M

M8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C0T-%149&)SX-B`@(`\=&0@




M/3-$)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@;&EN
M92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z
M(#$Q-24G/B8C


M;VTZ(&)L86-K(#$N-7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN

M97


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P




M
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97

BPT

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D



@


Q-C`[

M86QI9VX]




T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!S='EL
M93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q

M9CL@=VED=&@Z(#$P



34E)SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L


M9'1H.B`R)3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


34E
M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97

#`P/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D('-T

38P.SPO


M



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
M




#`\


34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M

M.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

T0G=&5X







M



M.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXR-7!T(&1O=6)L93L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z

@3F5W(%)O

M;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXR-7!T(&1O=6)L93L@=&5X


T0G;&EN
M92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C



;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO
M+R]#.B]D8S5F-F-C85]F
F8R7S1E.6-?8F4Q9E\V



M(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
M

]



T1T;W`^/'-T



T1T;W`^4V-H961U



6QE








@87
@;V8@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3(L


T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P
M=!#86QI8G)I+!(96QV971I8V$L(%-A;G
M4V5R:68[('=I9'1H.B`Q
#`E



T0G=VED=&@Z(#(E)SXF(S$V

M
T0G9F]N=#H@

M
RPR

#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H


Q


M

M/B@Q



L
3`P/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
M

M8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C0T-%149&)SX-B`@(`\=&0^

T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
M

RPQ
#`\+V9O



T0G9F]N=#H@



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXR-7!T

T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@








]

T1)1#!%6D8^#0H@(`@(`\



M8RX@
S$L(#(P


@86YD($-O;G1I;F=E;F-I97
@1&ES


]




#L@=&5X




T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T($-A




M+6AE:6=H=#H@


34E)SXF(S$V
#L\


M;&4]
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE<RP@4V5R:68G/C(P
3
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

34U+#@P
#PO9F]N




Q

M(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

C8L

34E)SXF
M(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

3$U

T0G9F]N=#H@

C`Q-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


M9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M:6=H=#H@



M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P

'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU<W1I9GD[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
3$U


34E)SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97

BPX






L(%-E

M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

T0P

T0G;&EN92UH
M96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

38P


M:#H@
B4[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V


24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@

M)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


34E)SXF(S$V
M



M


M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M
T0G9F]N=#H@

M.#8L

M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R

34E)SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L


M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M;&4]


M
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97

#$W/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D('-T

34E)SXF(S$V


M9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@




Q


34E
M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97

M)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

M;&4]

3$U


M;W1T;VTZ(&)L86-K(#(N

M9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G
M9F]N=#H@

M+#
P



'0O:'1M




M/3-$
3XQ
B!-;VYT:'

2P@
C`Q
CQB

]




M(%)E;&%T960M4&%R='D@5')A;G-A8W1I;VYS/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D




@96YD960@1&5C96UB
M97(-C,Q+`R

T0G9F]N
M=#H@



38P.SPO


T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P=!#86QI8G)I+!(96QV971I8V$L(%-A;G
M
M4V5R:68[('=I9'1H.B`Q



34E)SXF(S$V
#L\




Q-C`[



M97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


34E)SXF
M(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F
M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M4T%#5$E/3E

M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

34E)SXF
M(S$V

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z
M(#$Q-24G/B8C
'0M86QI
M9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@,3$U)2<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^


34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F
M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




M97


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#H@



T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@


#8S+#`P
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S

=&0N/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D

34E)SXF(S$V





Q

M9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
M


S$P+#`P
M





M


M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M
T0G9F]N=#H@

M
2PP

M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

M
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


M8VEA=&5D('=I=&@@54)!(&YO=&5S(AS964@;F]T92`X*3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[

M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P


34E)SXF
M(S$V

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z
M(#$Q-24G/B8C



3$U



34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT
M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#PO

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z
M(#$Q-24G/B8C




6QE/3-$)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

T0G
M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M/B8C




M
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@


Q-C`[

M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#`\+V9O;G0^



T0G;&EN92UH
M96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C



T0G
M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C



M
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97


34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CPO='(^

M871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO9&
U9C9C8V%?9C)F
E\T93EC7V)E
69?-C`W
M
F0W8V4V

O4VAE970S


M(&-O;G1E;G0]


M/3-$




3XQ
B!-;VYT:'

2P@
M
C`Q

]




'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97

M/E1H92!#;VUP86YY)B


M;6%R:7IE9`T*87

M

M(S$V
#LF(S$V

3`P)3L@8F]R9&5R+6-O;&QA

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

38P


3(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B


T0G

M97


#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V




T0G9F]N=#H@

@1F5D97)A;#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F
M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97

38P.SPO





'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

\+V9O


M;VTZ(&)L86-K(#$N-7!T('-O;&ED)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S


Q


M;VTZ(&)L86-K(#$N-7!T('-O;&ED)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S

3`P

Q





M


M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#PO9F]N



Q-C`[




M



M5&EM97

M(#$N-7!T('-O;&ED)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
2XU

@3F5W


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D





M(%1I;65S+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y
M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,XU:6XG/B8C
38P.U1H92!D:69F97)E;F-E(&)E




T0G9F]N
M=#H@

M.B`P.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@



M93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SX-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

C`Q
CPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D




T)3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,B4G/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D('-T

T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@

#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@







M(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B



#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S

T0G9F]N
M=#H@

2PY
#`\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/'1R('-T

M;W(Z(-#0T5%1D8G/@T*(`@(#QT9#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\


T0G9F]N=#H@

3(W+#DP
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO

Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B



#L\+W1D/CPO

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C




M(S$V

T0G9F]N=#H@

2PX
#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B



S
T+#
P



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

3
Y+#8P
M



#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S


T0G9F]N=#H@
M


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O



M('-O;&ED)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97




MB`@(`\=&0^)B

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

M9VXZ(')I9VAT)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97







T0G9F]N=#H@

M96YC97


T0G9F]N=#H@

M

M/3-$



T0G
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


T0G9F]N=#H@

C`Q
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!C



@8V%R


T0G9F]N=#H@


M
T0G9F]N=#H@

M-2PR.#(L



24G/CQF


T0G=VED

CDY
M+#$P



M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE

MB`@(`\=&0^)B


@


T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C:V=R;W5N




M

M/C$P
RPV
#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`\=&0^)B






@

M#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@


#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`\=&0^)B


M/C
L-CDW+#8P


@=F%L=6%T:6]N(&%L;&]W86YC93PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@8FQA8VL@


T0G9F]N=#H@

L-CDW+#8P
#PO9F]N=#X\


M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C

T0G9F]N=#H@






#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@

MB`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`\=&0^)B


38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/]T



M;VTZ(&)L86-K(#$N-7!T('-O;&ED)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0G9F]N
M=#H@


M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@



Y.PP,#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^/&9O

T0G9F]N=#H@

M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@

M9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@


;V-A=&EO;CH@
M9FEL93HO+R]#.B]D8S5F-F-C85]F
F8R7S1E.6-?8F4Q9E\V





]


T0Q(')O
M=W-P86X]

]



T1T;W`^/'-T



]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@

]
T1T






T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P=!#86QI8G)I+!(
M96QV971I8V$L(%-A;G
M4V5R:68[('=I9'1H.B`Q
#`E.R!B;W)D97(M8V]L


Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\





M.B!J=7-T:69Y)SXF(S$V

M;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E

T0G9F]N
M=#H@


M9#XF(S$V


M#0H\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97

M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D(&-O
M;'-P86X]




'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[


Q-C`[


B4G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

3`E.R!T97AT+6%L


24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




T0G=VED=&@Z(#
E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S

M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q

24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L


#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9#XF(S$V

T0G9F]N=#H@

#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\
M=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B





M=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^

M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

PX,#`\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`\=&0^)B


@

#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V

T0G9F]N=#H@

C`L
C4Q+#4P
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D


#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N


M(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9#XF(S$V

T0G9F]N=#H@

R+#$P
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B



#L\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\='(@





M9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`\=&0^)B


@

MB`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`\=&0^)B


38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M+#4P
RPQ
#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\+W1R

@3F5W






38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q-!S='EL93TS
M1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG
M;CH@8V5N=&5R)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

Q
M+#(P
3$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*


B!S='EL


M9#XF(S$V

M=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F
M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M

Q-C`[


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P



'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E


T0G9F]N=#H@


M
T0G9F]N=#H@

M




'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F
M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

T0G=VED=&@Z(#
E)SXF
M(S$V


M:#H@
24G/B8C

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E)SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97

M9'1H.B`Q
6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I8V%L+6%L


T0G9F]N=#H@

M/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B



Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B



M/BD\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^
M)B

M:'0G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D('-T

M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C

M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O

T0G9F]N=#H@
M



T0G9F]N=#H@

3(L
30X+#8P
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L


C`P/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@/'1D/B8C

#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
MB`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@





T0G9F]N=#H@



BPS
#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\
M=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B


#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B


38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C

#`\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/'1R('-T

M;W(Z(-#0T5%1D8G/@T*(`@(#QT9#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



T0G9F]N=#H@

#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N


M(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9#XF(S$V

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\
M=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@


#(U
M+#DP

M86XL(%1I;65S+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,XU


M87)T7V1C-68V8V-A7V8R9C)?-&4Y8U]B93%F7S8P-S)D-V-E-C!B8@T*0V]N





]

M




]

M='


T1T;W`^

\+W1D

@










@3F5W(%)O;6%N

Q


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


T0G9F]N=#H@
M

C`Q
3PO9F]N

38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R

#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V


Q


M(-#0T5%1D8G/@T*(`@(#QT9#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B

38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO







T0G=VED=&@Z(#(E)SXF(S$V
M




T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E)SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O



#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M+#
P.PT,#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@


#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N





\+V9O

M
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

38P.SPO

T0G
M9F]N=#H@

3$Q
M+#DP
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9#XF(S$V

M;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

C8L.#`P/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C



M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97

#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B





M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
M

Q



'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M)SXQ+#(R-2PP
#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`\=&0^)B


M/C$L
C(U+#`P


M)B

M;&4]

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B





T0G=&5X

2PT
#`\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B


2PT


'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
M

C8X+#@P
#PO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
M

T0G
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

M(')I9VAT)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M/'1D/B8C



M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M(#(N


6QE/3-$


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M8FQA8VL@

M4V5R:68G/C$V+#8X.2PY


M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\

Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[

T0G

38P


M4V5R:68G/DQI86)I;&ET:65S/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P


#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V


'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q,'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97,L(%-E<FEF)SXQ+#@X-RPW,#`\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T

T0G9F]N=#H@

T0G
M9F]N=#H@

M+#
P


#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
MB`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@


#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*


\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[



#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T


M4V5R:68G/C@R-PS,#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B







T0G8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

#PO9F]N


M;&EA8FEL:71I97
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`\=&0^)B


@

#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V

T0G9F]N=#H@

RPW
#0L
3`P/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C

M#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

M9VXZ(')I9VAT)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@

MB`@(`\=&0^)B


M:71A;!L96%S97,\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B


L.3@R+#0P
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L





Q



T0G8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

RPS
34L-S`P/]F
M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C

M93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R

T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

M:71I97
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

M/B8C


T0G9F]N=#H@


3(L
3DX+#@P
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

2PS
#`L
M-S`P/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C



M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D('-T

#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H



M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\

Q



T0G9F]N=#H@


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97

#`L
S`P/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P


'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F
M;VYT.B`Q,'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97,L(%-E<FEF)SXR,C<L
M-C`P/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D('-T

M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C

M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

M:60G/B8C


T0G9F]N=#H@



#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O
M='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97

S@L-S`P/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/CQF



'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M('-O;&ED)SXF(S$V


S`X+#
P
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
M

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M+#
X.2PR
#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\+W1R


T0G
M9F]N=#H@

M86P@;&EA8FEL:71I97



M;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


T0G9F]N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@


#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V

M9VXZ(')I9VAT)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



T1T;W`^0V]N9&5N

]










38P.SPO=&0^

M4V5R:68G/C(P
3(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`\=&0^)B



T0G=F5R=&EC

M/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0R/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R/B8C


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

C@L

Q-C`[




T0G=VED=&@Z(#$V)3L@=&5X

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M)SY#;W-T(&]F(&=O;V1S('-O;&0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B



Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B





Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\


M-S4T+#4P
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT





M;W1T;VTZ(&)L86-K(#$N-7!T('-O;&ED)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@

#PO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\

T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

M9VAT)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97

BPQ


M(#QT9#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97






T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M8FQA8VL@


T0G9F]N=#H@

#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*

M(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@



M92D\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^
M)B

M:'0G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D('-T


M(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V

M
T0G9F]N=#H@

M*#
X

T0G
M9F]N=#H@

M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
M


T0G9F]N=#H@

X
BPR



M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D


T0G9F]N=#H@


3DV+#4P
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V

#L\+W1D/CPO

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


38P

M;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@

@3F5W(%)O

M9#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97

38P.SPO



@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97

M97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C0T-%
M149&)SX-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B





T0G9F]N=#H@



M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97


@

I/]F
M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C



T0G8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

PY,#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^

T0G9F]N=#H@


'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97








T0P(&-E;&QP861D
M:6YG/3-$
!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q





T0G9F]N=#H@

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\




Q-C`[



M97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


34E)SXF
M(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

M


34E)SXF(S$V
M

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q
M-24G/B8C
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@,3$U)2<^)B,Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
M

M8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C0T-%149&)SX-B`@(`\=&0@

T0G=VED=&@Z(#8P)3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT


B4[(&QI;F4M
M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V


38E.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B

M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M/B8C

M)W=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

M(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M(&)L86-K(#$N-7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH

@









T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@,3$U)2<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
M
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

M.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V




T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z
M(#$Q-24G/B8C

M:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT('-T







T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@




T0G9F]N=#H@


M/3-$)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@;&EN
M92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


M=!C87-H(&9L;W=S('5S960@:6X@:6YV97-T:6YG/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@

M=!S;VQI9#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@

M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT


M




T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@




T0G9F]N=#H@





34E)SXF(S$V



M+6AE:6=H=#H@


M/3-$)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S

M
34E)SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM

34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

M/CDY
BPT

M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M;&4]


T0G9F]N=#H@
M


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O


T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P



M;&4]
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C




34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D

#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D



T0G9F]N=#H@
M


M/3-$)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S



M9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G
M9F]N=#H@


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z
M(#$Q-24G/B8C

M:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C:V=R;W5N

M=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@




M

T0G9F]N=#H@


3$U


M9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G
M9F]N=#H@

M+#
P




M;W1T;VTZ(&)L86-K(#$N-7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@

M5&EM97







M1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!W


M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D
M97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q
M-24G/B8C

RPY

34E)SXF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B
M;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


T0G;&EN92UH

@


M(&)L86-K(#$N-7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH

@


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO


M('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G







M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@


RPR
#`\+V9O;G0^

34E
M)SXF(S$V






T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q
M-24G/B8C

M;VYT.B`Q


F8R7S1E.6-?8F4Q9E\V
M



CXQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H

3X\+W1H/@T*

M=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q



]






]


T1T;W`^06QL;W=A;F-E(&9O


C`P




]


]
T1T97AT/CQS

]

]


]
T1N=6UP/C
Q
2PS



M;F%N8VEN9R!C;W-T(&]N(&YE=R!L;V%N/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L



C4L









T0G9F]N=#H@


@=&AA;B`R+C`@






]
T1N=6UP/C$L
S
P+#@P


]


]

M+#(P





]
T1N=6UP/B0@
2PQ
38L
S`P/'-P86X^



M
F8R7S1E.6-?8F4Q9E\V



M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A

M

M;W9E(%1H:7


T0Q
M(')O=W-P86X]





]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#



]



]


]





M=#XT

M86QI9VX]



]


M

]






]



]


]

]


]



]




M9VX]
T1T;W`^5F5H:6-L97

]



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^1G5R;FET=7)E($%N9!&



M=P@97-T:6UA=&5D('5S969U;!L:69E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L





M;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO9&
U9C9C8V%?9C)F
E\T93EC
M7V)E
69?-C`W
F0W8V4V

O4VAE970S-2YH=&UL#0I#


M87-C:6DB#0H-
MCQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N





M1'1L(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]


@86YD($1I



CXQ
B!-;VYT:'


2P@
C`Q
M

M
#$Q/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$



T1T

@;V8@0V]M;6]N(%-T;V-K(&]U

BPV
M
3$L
3

M1&YU;7`^
3(L-#@Q+#DQ

]
M

]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]






]
M



]


]




T1T;W`^


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]D
M8S5F-F-C85]F
F8R7S1E.6-?8F4Q9E\V




M(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]



:7%U:61I='D@86YD($UA;F%G96UE;G0@4&QA;G
@*$1E=&%I
M;'


T0Q/C`@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D


M/DIU;BX@
C
L(#(P
3$\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$
M=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q



]


#$V






]
T1N=6UP/B0@
3`L
#`P+#`P


]





]
T1N=6UP/C
Q
BPR






]
T1N=6UP/C$S+#@S

M.#DL










]


3DL



]


]
















]


]

]
T1P

:6YE($]F($-R







]
T1N=6UP/B0@
2PP
#`L

MCPO:'1M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]D8S5F-F-C85]F
F8R7S1E
M.6-?8F4Q9E\V


T0G


^#0H@(`@(`\


#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^


]
T1R93X-B`@(`@








2PP






]
T1N=6UP/C4X
BPR






2PS
#`\











]

T1)1#!%1D@^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@



M86QI9VX]







;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]D8S5F-F-C85]F
F8R
M7S1E.6-?8F4Q9E\V

Y+FAT


M:2(-@T*/&AT;6P^#0H@(#QH96%D/@T*(`@(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]
M

]
T13



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$L(#(P
3$\8G(^




2PW-S(L





]

C(R+#$P


]


]
T1N=6UP/C$X
RPW






]

M


2PT-#




]
T1N=6UP/C(S-2PQ

M9FEX='5R97

]
T1N=6UP/C8V
RPU

]



C(L.3@Y+#$P


]



3$L-3DW+#(P

]
M



Y
2PY
#`\







]

T1)1#!%0TE!



M
#$Q/&)R/E531`H)D\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$
M=&@^2G5N+B`R
RP@
C`Q

S`L(#(P
3$\8G(^0V]L92!487EL;W(@

M+B`S
2P@
C`Q

C8L(#(P
M
#4\8G(^4D)3(%M-96UB97)=/&)R/D=4`H)B-X83









]












24)/4B!P;'5S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@





]





]


]
T1N=6UP/C$N


]


]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

BPP



\

]


]


]



T1T;W`^26YV










]


]


]


]


]

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T

]






M;7`^



M87)T7V1C-68V8V-A7V8R9C)?-&4Y8U]B93%F7S8P-S)D-V-E-C!B8@T*0V]N





]

M


]
M
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q+`R,#$Q/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@





T1T;W`^3&5S




C




RPY.#(L-#`P



]


T1T;W`^3&]N9R!T97)M(&1E8G0@=&]T86P\+W1D/@T*

]
T1N=6UP/C(L.#@U+#8P
#QS

]


]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
2PX
3@L.3`P/'-P


M85]F
F8R7S1E.6-?8F4Q9E\V

M;G1E;G0]



CXQ
B!-;VYT:'

M1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

#$Q/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@


]


T1T;W`^3&]A;G


BPS
M


P


]




]
M

BXP


T1T;W`^1&5B


]
T1T97AT/DIU;B`S
P-@D)



T1T;W`^
M3F]T97

M(%)E;&5T82!!;F0@34)#(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L



M;65N='

]
T1N=6UP/C(U
M+#(P

]


]
T1R93X-

2XU




]
M
T1T97AT/DIU;B`S
P-@D)

U9C9C8V%?9C)F
M
E\T93EC7V)E
69?-C`W
F0W8V4V
&)B#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F
M:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V1C-68V8V-A7V8R9C)?-&4Y8U]B93%F7S8P-S)D-V-E-C!B



^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V



2!R


S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q


]


]


]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@-#4P+#`P



T1T;W`^4')I

M97(@
S$L(#(P




#$U/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S





2P@
C`Q-CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@









M(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@/]B;V1Y/@T*/]H=&UL/@T*







]






]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#


M=&EO;G



]
T1N=6UP/B0@-#
L

M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]D8S5F-F-C85]F
F8R7S1E.6-?8F4Q9E\V





^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT










]



]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M
RPR




RPR
M










RPQ








U9C9C8V%?9C)F
M
E\T93EC7V)E
69?-C`W
F0W8V4V

O4VAE970T-BYH


M87-C
M:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV






T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

M97


]
T1T
M:#Y$96
N(#

M1'1H/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P
3$\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S
M/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q



#$R/&)R/E-U8F]R9&EN



]


]


]



]


]



T1T;W`^56YS


L-#`W+#`P









]
T1N=6UP/B0@


T1T;W`^0V]N=F5R=&EB;&4@
M;F]T97

T0G;6%R9VEN

@3F5W(%)O

3
@8G5T(&AA=F4@875T;VUA=&EC(')E






@;V8@=&AE(&5N




]

M+#0Y
2PV


P


]



U9C9C8V%?9C)F
E\T93EC7V)E
69?-C`W
F0W
M8V4V
&)B#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V1C-68V8V-A




^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@*B\\







]

]
M
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q+`R,#$Q/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@



]
T1N=6UP/B0@
S`T+#8P
M

]

]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@.#(L


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO
M+R]#.B]D8S5F-F-C85]F
F8R7S1E.6-?8F4Q9E\V



M(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]




S$L
M(#(P


@86YD($-O;G1I;F=E;F-I97


]


34U+#@P


]


]
T1N=6UP/C$R-BPR






]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@


F8R
M7S1E.6-?8F4Q9E\V

M


S$L
M(#(P


@86YD($-O;G1I;F=E;F-I97


]


R

]
T1R93X-

#$T/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S



2P@
C`Q





2P@
M

]
M

]
T1T97AT/B9N8G-P





F8R
M7S1E.6-?8F4Q9E\V



M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-

T1T

M(%1H:7



@
M*$1E=&%I;'

S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T
M:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q



]


M
C4N






U9C9C8V%?9C)F
E\T
M93EC7V)E
69?-C`W
F0W8V4V
&)B#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE
M.B\O+T
Z+V1C-68V8V-A7V8R9C)?-&4Y8U]B93%F7S8P-S)D-V-E-C!B8B]7


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4


]



3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@

M/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$
M=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

]




]
T1N=6UP/B0@
RPU

#`P/'-P86X^


]



]
T1N=6UP
M/C$L
38W+#(P


]



]
T1N=6UP/CDP+#DP


]


]
M




]
T1N=6UP/C0L.#4V+#DP


]

M97AT4&%R=%]D8S5F-F-C85]F
F8R7S1E.6-?8F4Q9E\V




M(&ED/3-$240P151.04

CXQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H/@T*(`@(`@

M+B`S
2P@
C`Q

#$Q/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R


]
T1T97AT/CQS

]




M:6=N/3-$=&]P/D%C8V]U;G1S(')E8V5I=F%B;&4@9'5E(&9R;VT@54L@8W5S

M






]
T1N=6UP/C$P+#4W-BPY







RXP



L-3(W+#`P
M



]
T1N=6UP/CDN

3(N



M;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO9&
U9C9C8V%?9C)F
E\T93EC7V)E
69?-C`W
F0W
M8V4V

O4VAE970U
RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\



M4F5M;W9E(%1H:7


]


]







]
T1N=6UP/B0@



'0O:'1M



]




S$L
M(#(P

M($9E9&5R86P@;F5T(&]P97)A=&EN9R!L;W-S97







]

]


'!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M(#(P

#







U9C9C8V%?9C)F
E\T93EC
M7V)E
69?-C`W
F0W8V4V
&)B#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O
M+T
Z+V1C-68V8V-A7V8R9C)?-&4Y8U]B93%F7S8P-S)D-V-E-C!B8B]7;W)K

M(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES

$5%2$%#/@T*(`@(`@/'1R


M/3-$


M;CTS1#(^
3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@

S$L(#(P
3(\
M8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q
M

]








]


]



]

\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

]
T1T97AT/B9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.SQS


U9C9C8V%?9C)F
E\T
M93EC7V)E
69?-C`W
F0W8V4V
&)B#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE
M.B\O+T
Z+V1C-68V8V-A7V8R9C)?-&4Y8U]B93%F7S8P-S)D-V-E-C!B8B]7


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4


]

@=&\@16%R;FEN
M9W

]


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#





]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@
'!E;G-E(AB96YE9FET*2!A=`S-4\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@8VQA<W
]

]



2PX




]

4\+W1D/@T*(`@

]
T1N=6UP/C$R-RPY

BPQ





BPV


\+W1D



3
Y+#8P


]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
BPW


3`P/'-P


M85]F
F8R7S1E.6-?8F4Q9E\V

M;G1E;G0]

M
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]




3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@

M/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$
M=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

]




]
T1N=6UP/C



T1T


M;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO9&
U9C9C8V%?9C)F
E\T93EC7V)E
M
69?-C`W
F0W8V4V





M240P131+04

@86YD($QI86)I;&ET







]
T1N=6UP/B0@-2PR.3DL



]



]



T1T;W`^4W5B=&]T86P\+W1D/@T*

]
T1N=6UP/C
L-CDW+#8P
#QS

]








M/3-$=&]P/D-H86YG92!I;B!V86QU871I;VX@86QL;W=A;F-E/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B0@*#$S.2PV

#`I


M-F-C85]F
F8R7S1E.6-?8F4Q9E\V


M(&-O;G1E;G0]

M04



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$L(#(P







@9G)O;2!D:69F97)E


]
T1N


]




;V-A=&EO
M;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]D8S5F-F-C85]F
F8R7S1E.6-?8F4Q9E\V




]



]
T1T


]
T1T:#Y$96
N
M(#



2PR
3$L


U+#(P



]

]
M
T1N=6UP/C(P+#(U
2PU







RPQ


M







S$Y+#8P

]



]

]
M


]
T1N=6UP/C8Q-BPP


S(L



M86QI9VX]




C
L
#$V+#
P



]



M='

]
T1N=6UP/C0L
M-#@T+#(P

]


]
T1N=6UP/C@U-2PW









]

@6TUE

]


]



U9C9C8V%?9C)F
E\T93EC7V)E
69?-C`W
M
F0W8V4V
&)B#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V1C-68V


M(G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%5$$@:'1T


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@

$5)04%%/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@






]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q+`R,#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C

S$L(#(P



3
L.#





R
BPR





@86YD


]


]

]
T1T97AT

]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T
M;W`^06-C=6UU;&%T960@9&5F:6-I=!O9B!50DE52SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@





@9G)O;2!+0D5
/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$

#`P+#`P



U9C9C8V%?9C)F
E\T93EC7V)E
69?-C`W
F0W8V4V
M
&)B#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V1C-68V8V-A7V8R




^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@*B\\+W-C





M971S(&]F(%53($]P97)A=&EO;G
@*$1E=&%I;'
I(A-96YD;V-I;F\L($U

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$L
M(#(P



]

BPU

BPS
#@L-#`P



3$Q+#DP


]
M







M-2PP



]





]
T1N=6UP/C(S
2PT



]
T1N=6UP/C0V
BPU


]
T1N=6UP/C$W+#4P-RPQ
#`\






T1T;W`^06-C;W5N='







]
T1R;W4^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT


M



]




\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

]
T1N=6UP/C
L




M


3$L




]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0V]M;6]N('-T;V-K/]T9#X-B`@(`@



T1T;W`^4')E

M

M1&YU;7`^
C(W+#8P

]
T1P
M;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^06-C=6UU;&%T960@9&5F:6-I=#PO=&0^#0H@(`@

3`L
#$Y+#8P

#`I/'-P

]


]
T1N=6UP/C4L
S`X+#
P





M;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO9&
U9C9C8V%?9C)F
E\T93EC7V)E
69?-C`W
F0W
M8V4V

O4VAE970V
RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\



M4F5M;W9E(%1H:7


M
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]


T0R/C$R($UO;G1H



]


]
M
T1N=6UP/B0@
38L
C(X+#
P








]

M


BPQ



#4L



]

]
T1N=6T^*#
X
M




]


]
T1R93X-B`@(`@

]
T1N=6T^*#(L-S`P*3QS



M86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@R
S`L-C`P*3QS




;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]D8S5F
M-F-C85]F
F8R7S1E.6-?8F4Q9E\V



M='`M97%U:78]

]


@06YD(%)E;&5T82!#;VUP86YY(%M-96UB97)=



M

]
T1R;SX-



M87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q+#`X-BPV




]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@

]
T1N
M=6UP/C4L




]


M/3-$;G5M/B@U

]
M


@;VX@;&]N9R!T97)M

#`\

M+#@X
2PP




#`I/'-P



S`P*3QS

]


C0P+#`P



M87-H(&9L;W=S(&9R;VT@9FEN86YC:6YG(&%C=&EV:71I97






]
T1N=6UP/C8T+#DP

]
M

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
3@W+#(P




T0B4VAE970P-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@
M/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,#4N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E
M9CTS1)3:&5E=#`V+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970P
M-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
#@N:'1M;(O/@T*
M(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#`Y+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2
M968],T0B4VAE970Q,YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
M
3$N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$R+FAT;6PB+SX-
MB`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970Q,RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(
M4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,30N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E
M=#$U+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Q-BYH=&UL(B\^
M#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T

M/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(Q+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE
M($A2968]
T0B4VAE970R
BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H
M965T
C
N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(T+FAT;6PB
M+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970R-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL
M92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,C8N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3
M:&5E=#(W+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970R.YH=&UL
M(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,CDN:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I
M;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#,P+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B
M4VAE970S
2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
S(N:'1M
M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#
S+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&
M:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970S-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$
M(E-H965T
S4N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#
V+FAT
M;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970S-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z
M1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,S@N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS
M1)3:&5E=#,Y+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970T
YH
M=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#$N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO
M.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0R+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
M
T0B4VAE970T
RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#0N

T0B4VAE970T.2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@
M/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-3`N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E
M9CTS1)3:&5E=#4Q+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970U
M,BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-3,N:'1M;(O/@T*
M(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#4T+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2
M968]
T0B4VAE970U-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
M-38N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#4W+FAT;6PB+SX-
MB`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970U.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(
M4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-3DN:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E
M=#8P+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970V,2YH=&UL(B\^
M#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-C(N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@
M2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#8S+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE

U9C9C
B8V%?9C)F
E\T93EC7V)E
69?-C`W
F0W8V4V

 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentCarryingAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfRelatedPartyTransactionsTableTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractualObligationFiscalYearMaturityScheduleTableTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesTableTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationStateAndLocalIncomeTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationForeignIncomeTaxRateDifferential'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationNondeductibleExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationChangeInEnactedTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationChangeInDeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefitContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeaseObligationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesLesseeBalanceSheetAssetsByMajorClassAccumulatedDeprecation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfIncomeBeforeIncomeTaxDomesticAndForeignTableTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfSegmentReportingInformationBySegmentTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MENB_LiquidityAndManagementPlansAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MENB_LiquidityAndManagementPlansTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MENB_UnrestrictedNetAssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfCondensedBalanceSheetTableTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfCondensedFinancialStatementsTableTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfCondensedCashFlowStatementTableTextBlock'


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 11pt/115% Calibri
 Helvetica
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MENB_PercentageOfLineOfCreditDrawnOnEligibleReceivables'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MENB_PercentageOfLineOfCreditDrawnOnEligibleInventory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MENB_PercentageOfInterestRateOfLIBORPlus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityInterestRateDuringPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityAmountOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MENB_LineOfCreditFacilityMaturityPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MENB_PercentageOfPrepaymentOfAgainstQualifiedAccountsReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MENB_PercentageOfServiceChargeDiscountedOnInvoice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MENB_NumberOfDesignatedSeriesAPreferredStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockDividendsPerShareCashPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepositsAssetsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LinesOfCreditCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesPayableRelatedPartiesClassifiedCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeaseObligationsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesNoncurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesPayableRelatedPartiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Liabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeaseObligationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsInterestIncludedInPayments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsPresentValueOfNetMinimumPayments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeaseObligationsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeaseObligationsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProvisionForDoubtfulAccounts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnSaleOfOtherAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpenseRelatedParty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingCapitalAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInInventories'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInPrepaidExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInDepositOtherAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccruedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromRepaymentsOfLinesOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromLongTermLinesOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentOfNotesReceivableFromRelatedParties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLongTermCapitalLeaseObligations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectOfExchangeRateOnCashAndCashEquivalents'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NoncashInvestingAndFinancingItemsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MENB_CommonStockIssuedToSatisfyLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SupplementalCashFlowInformationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxesPaidNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MENB_PercentageOfGrossSalesFromDifferentSegments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MENB_PercentageOfGrossSalesFromDifferentSegments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentConvertibleInterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MENB_IncomeLossComputingLossDilutedEarningsPerShareAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncrementalCommonSharesAttributableToConversionOfDebtSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberDilutedSharesOutstandingAdjustment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MENB_DescriptionOfOperationsPolicyTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventsPolicyPolicyTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConsolidationPolicyTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationBasisOfPresentationBusinessDescriptionAndAccountingPoliciesTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PriorPeriodReclassificationAdjustmentDescription'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MENB_CashAndCashEquivalentsShortAndLongTermInvestmentsPolicyTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MENB_ForeignOperationsPolicyTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TradeAndOtherAccountsReceivablePolicy'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryPolicyTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MENB_PrepaidExpensesAndOtherAssetsPolicyTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentPolicyTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredChargesPolicyTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxPolicyTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueRecognitionPolicyTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

    <td style=width: 24px; font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica

    <td style=width: 24px; font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica

 Times

    <td style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica

 Times

<p style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MENB_ExciseTaxesPolicyTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueRecognitionDiscounts'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MENB_ChargebackAndSalesReservesPolicyTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MENB_SeasonalSalesPolicyTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MENB_TaxesCollectedFromCustomersPolicyTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MENB_DeliveryCostsPolicyTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerSharePolicyTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ForeignCurrencyTransactionsAndTranslationsPolicyTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UseOfEstimates'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvertisingCostsPolicyTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueOfFinancialInstrumentsPolicy'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomePolicyPolicyTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingPolicyPolicyTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsPolicyPolicyTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityExpirationDate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MENB_WorkingCapitalDeficit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

height=650
status=0
resizable=yes
menubar=no
toolbar=no
'+
				\n+'            formatted: <a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=opener.Show.toggle( window

height=650
status=0
resizable=yes
menubar=no
toolbar=no

 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BasisOfPresentationAndSignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementOfFinancialPositionAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockLiquidationPreference'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockNoParValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockNoParValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RisksAndUncertaintiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskDisclosureTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MENB_DocumentAndEntityInformationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityRegistrantName'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCentralIndexKey'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentType'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_AmendmentFlag'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityVoluntaryFilers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCurrentReportingStatus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityFilerCategory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityPublicFloat'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalYearFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ExciseAndSalesTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingExpensesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MarketingAndAdvertisingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingExpenses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherIncomeAndExpensesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingIncome'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnSaleOfPropertyPlantEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingDilutedDisclosureItemsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/115% Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtTextBlock'
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MENB_ScheduleOfEstimatedUsefulLifeOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentTableTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedTableTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MENB_IdentifiableAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MENB_IdentifiableAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MENB_IdentifiableAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MENB_IdentifiableAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeaseObligationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtAndCapitalLeasesDisclosuresTextBlock'
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MENB_NotesToRelatedPartiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MENB_NotesToRelatedPartiesTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsDisclosureTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MENB_CashFlowsFromOperatingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireProductiveAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MENB_ProceedFromSaleOfAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MENB_NetCashFlowsFromInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MENB_NetRepaymentOnLineOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MENB_RepaymentOnLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MENB_PaymentOnObligationUnderCapitalLease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MENB_NetChangeInPayableToSubsidiary'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MENB_NetCashFlowsFromFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MENB_CostOfGoodsSoldNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MENB_SellingAndMarketingandRetailExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MENB_GeneralAndAdministrativeExpenses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MENB_IncomeFromOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MENB_InterestExpenses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherIncome'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MENB_ProvisionForTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MENB_OtherIncomeAndExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MENB_IncomeLossNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MENB_RelatedPartyTransactionSalesToRelatedParty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionPurchasesFromRelatedParty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MENB_RelatedPartyTransactionExpenseReimbursementToRelatedParty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpenseRelatedParty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionExpensesFromTransactionsWithRelatedParty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MENB_AccountsPayableAndAccruedExpensesToRelatedParties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MENB_AccountsReceivableAndPrepaymentsToRelatedParties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MENB_UnrestrictedNetAssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MENB_UnrestrictedAssetsDisclosureTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 11pt/115% Calibri
 Helvetica
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDebtTableTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfMaturitiesOfLongTermDebtTableTextBlock'


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInTwoYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInThreeYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFourYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFiveYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueThereafter'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentCarryingAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentCarryingAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentCarryingAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueShareBasedCompensationGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesShareBasedCompensationGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MENB_DeferredTaxAssetsDepreciationAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeaseObligationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeasePaymentsForCapitalLeasesTableTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingDisclosureTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

