

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-13-121694
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		14
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20121229
FILED AS OF DATE:		20130322
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20130322
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MICHAEL FOODS GROUP
 INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001517224
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	POULTRY SLAUGHTERING AND PROCESSING [2015]
		IRS NUMBER:				200344222
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-173400
		FILM NUMBER:		13710483
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		301 CARLSON PARKWAY
 SUITE 400
		CITY:			MINNETONKA
		STATE:			MN
		ZIP:			55305
		BUSINESS PHONE:		952-258-4000
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		301 CARLSON PARKWAY
 SUITE 400
		CITY:			MINNETONKA
		STATE:			MN
		ZIP:			55305













 D.C. 20549







For the fiscal year ended December&nbsp;29
 2012 
 




For the transitions period from
 to


MICHAEL FOODS
GROUP
 INC. 



















301 Carlson Parkway
 Suite 400
Minnetonka
 Minnesota








Securities
Securities registered pursuant to Section&nbsp;12(g) of the
Act: None 
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer

<FONT



such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
 and (2)&nbsp;has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90


 if any
 every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T (&#167;232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such


 and will not be contained
 to the best of the registrant&#146;s knowledge
 in
definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company.
See the definitions of &#147;large accelerated filer
&#148; &#147;accelerated filer&#148; and &#147;small reporting company&#148; in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 






























Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange


 2013. 




 




FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
Certain items herein are &#147;forward-looking statements.&#148; Forward-looking statements include statements concerning
our plans
 objectives
 goals
 strategies
 future events
 future sales or performance
 capital expenditures
 financing needs
 ability to fund our operations
 intentions relating to acquisitions
 our competitive strengths and weaknesses
 our business
strategy and the trends we anticipate in the industries and economies in which we operate
 and other information that is not historical information and
 in particular
 appear under the heading
 &#147;Management&#146;s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations.&#148; When used herein
 the words &#147;may
&#148; &#147;should
&#148; &#147;estimates
&#148; &#147;expects
&#148; &#147;anticipates
&#148; &#147;projects
&#148; &#147;plans
&#148; &#147;intends
&#148;
&#147;believes&#148; and variations of such words or similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. All forward-looking statements are based upon
our current expectations and various assumptions. Our expectations
 beliefs and projections are expressed in good faith
 and we believe there is a reasonable basis for them
 but there can be no assurance that our expectations
 beliefs and
There are a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ
materially from the forward-looking statements contained in this Form 10-K (please see Item&nbsp;1A-RISK FACTORS). Important factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements we make in this Form
10-K include changes in national or global economic conditions. Additional risks and uncertainties include variances in the demand for our products due to consumer and industry developments
 as well as variances in the costs to produce such
products
 including normal volatility in egg
 feed
 potato and cheese costs. You should not place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements. If any of these risks or uncertainties materialize
 or if any of our underlying assumptions are
incorrect
 our actual results may differ significantly from the results that we express in or imply by any of our forward-looking statements. We do not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise these forward-looking statements to reflect
future events or circumstances except as required by law. 
We are a diversified producer and distributor of food products in three segments&#151;egg products
 refrigerated potato products and
cheese and other dairy case products. We produce and distribute egg products to the foodservice
 retail and food ingredient markets. We process and distribute refrigerated potato products to the foodservice and retail grocery markets in North
America. We market a broad line of refrigerated grocery products to U.S. retail grocery outlets
 including branded and private-label cheese
 bagels
 butter
 muffins and ethnic foods. 
Our major customers include leading foodservice distributors and major retail grocery chains. Sales to Sysco Corporation and U.S. Foods
represented 15.2% and 11.4% respectively
 of our consolidated net sales for 2012; no other customer made up more than 10%. 
All aspects of our businesses are extremely competitive. In general
 food products are price-sensitive and affected by many factors
beyond our control
 including the economy
 changes in consumer tastes
 fluctuating commodity and input prices
 changes in supply due to weather


 such as (i)&nbsp;the desire for improved safety and convenience
(ii)&nbsp;the focus by foodservice operators on reducing labor and waste
 and (iii)&nbsp;the long-term trend toward food consumption away from home
 which continues to be slowed somewhat by the economic environment. We believe our operational scale
On
June&nbsp;29
 2010
 the Company was acquired by MFI Holding Corporation (&#147;MFI Holding&#148;)
 which is owned by GS Capital Partners VI Fund
 L.P. and its affiliates (approximately 74%); affiliates and co-investors of Thomas H. Lee Partners
L.P. (approximately 21%); and certain current and former members of management (approximately 5%); see Item&nbsp;7&#151;Management&#146;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
 Liquidity and Capital Resources


Products Division
 comprised of our wholly owned subsidiaries M.G. Waldbaum Company
 Papetti&#146;s Hygrade Egg Products
 Inc.
 and MFI Food Canada Ltd.
 produces
 processes and distributes numerous egg products. Based on management estimates
 we
believe that the division is the largest processed egg products producer in North America. Our principal value-added egg products are ultrapasteurized
 extended shelf-life liquid eggs (e.g.

<SUP

 egg white-based egg products (e.g.


&#148;)
 and hardcooked and precooked egg products (e.g.


 liquid and dried products that are used as ingredients in other food
products
 as well as organic and cage-free egg products. 
 


The division distributes its egg products to food processors and foodservice customers
primarily throughout North America
 with limited international sales in the Far East
 South America and Europe. Our extended shelf-life liquid eggs (our largest selling product line) and other egg products are marketed to a wide variety of


 the division derived approximately 97% of net sales from egg products
 with 3% of net sales coming from shell eggs that are sold at retail. Pricing for shell eggs and certain egg products
including short shelf-life liquid
 and certain dried and frozen products
 reflects levels reported by Urner Barry
 a recognized industry publication. Prices of higher value-added products
 such as precooked
 extended shelf-life liquid eggs
 low/no
cholesterol
 natural/organic and cage-free eggs
 typically are not significantly affected by Urner Barry quoted price levels. Approximately 66% of the division&#146;s annual net sales come from higher value-added egg products
 such as extended
shelf-life liquid and precooked products
 with the remainder coming from products mainly used in the food ingredients market. 
The division&#146;s egg-processing plants are located in New Jersey
 Minnesota
 Nebraska
 Pennsylvania
 Iowa and Manitoba
 Canada.
Certain of the division&#146;s facilities are fully integrated
 from the production and maintenance of laying flocks through the processing of egg products. In 2012
 approximately 28% of the division&#146;s egg needs were satisfied by production
from our own hens
 with the balance being purchased under third-party egg procurement contracts and in the spot market. The cost of eggs from our owned facilities is largely dependent upon the cost of feed. Additionally
 for an increasing portion of
eggs purchased under third-party egg procurement contracts
 the egg cost is determined by the cost of feed
 as the contracts are priced using a formula based upon underlying feed costs. For eggs purchased in the spot market
 the egg cost is
determined by normal market forces. Such costs are largely determined by reference to Urner Barry quotations. Historically
 feed costs have been less volatile than egg market prices
 and internally produced eggs generally have been lower in cost
than externally sourced eggs. Key feed costs
 such as corn and soybean meal
 are partially hedged through the use of futures and other purchase contracts. There is no market mechanism for hedging egg prices. 
The division has endeavored to moderate the effects of egg market commodity factors through an emphasis on value-added products. In
addition
 the division attempts to match market-affected egg sourcing with the production of egg products whose selling prices are also market-affected
 and cost-affected egg sourcing
 with higher value-added products priced over longer terms
generally 6-12 months. This typically allows the division to realize a modest processing margin on such sales
 even though there are notable commodity influences on both egg sourcing costs and egg products pricing
 which change frequently. Pricing
of shell eggs is also typically affected by seasonal demand related to increased consumption during holiday periods. 
 The division has long-standing preferred supplier relationships with many of its customers. The division&#146;s
customers include many of the major broad-line foodservice distributors and national restaurant chains that serve breakfast. As the largest processed egg producer in the industry
 we offer our customers a broad product selection
 large-scale
multi-plant manufacturing capabilities and specialized service. The division&#146;s major customers in each of its market channels include leading foodservice distributors
 national restaurant chains
 major retail grocery store chains and major food
 The egg-processing industry is particularly competitive
 due to the large number of national
players
 the wide variety of product offerings
 and the fact that further-processed egg products compete with shell eggs. Cargill Kitchen Solutions
 a division of Cargill
 Incorporated
 is our largest higher value-added egg products competitor. We
also compete with other egg products processors
 including Sonstegard Foods Company
 Rose Acre Farms
 Inc.
 Echo Lake Farm Produce
 Rembrandt Enterprises
 Inc. and ConAgra Foods
 Inc. 
 The Egg Products Division maintains numerous trademarks and/or trade names for its products
including &#147;




Broke N&#146;
Ready



&#147;


&#148;

Table Ready<FONT
<FONT


 Inc. to both the foodservice and retail markets. The division&#146;s products consist of shredded hash browns and diced
sliced
 mashed and other specialty potato products. In 2012
 approximately 48% of the division&#146;s net sales were to the retail market
 with the balance to the foodservice market. The division sells refrigerated potato products in the United
States in the retail grocery market
brand
 and in the
foodservice market
Northern
. Due to their freshness and quality
 refrigerated potato products are generally sold at higher
price points than frozen or dehydrated potato products. 
 


The division maintains its main processing facility in Minnesota
 with a smaller facility
located in Nevada. The division typically purchases approximately 90% of its annual potato requirements from contract producers. The balance of potato requirements are purchased in the spot market. The division maintains a high percentage of its
contracted supply from irrigated fields and also has geographical diversification of its potato sources. However
 weather remains an important factor in determining raw potato prices and quality. Variations in the price and/or quality of potatoes
The division leverages existing relationships with
national foodservice distributor customers of the Egg Products Division
 resulting in many of the division&#146;s top customers being long-standing customers of the Egg Products Division. The division&#146;s largest customers include major
 We were the first
company to introduce nationally branded refrigerated potato products in the late 1980s to the United States foodservice and retail markets. We believe we are the largest processor and distributor of refrigerated potato products in the U.S. The
division&#146;s major retail competitors are Shedd&#146;s Country Crock Side Dishes owned by Hormel Foods Corp.
 Bob Evans Farms
 Inc. and Reser&#146;s Fine Foods
 Inc. Other competitors include smaller local and regional processors
 including
I&amp;K Distributors
 Inc. (Yoder&#146;s) and Pineland Farms Potato Company
) in the
foodservice sector. Certain companies
 such as Ore-Ida Foods
 Inc. (a subsidiary of H. J. Heinz Co.) and Lamb-Weston
 Inc. (a subsidiary of ConAgra Foods
 Inc.)
 sell frozen potato products. 
: We market our refrigerated potato products to foodservice customers under a variety of brands

<SUP
<FONT

 Our Cheese&nbsp;&amp; Other Dairy-Case Products Division markets a wide range of refrigerated grocery

 brand cheese is positioned in the &#147;mid-tier&#148; pricing category and is priced below national
brands such as Kraft and Sargento
 and above store brands (private label). The division&#146;s refrigerated products
 which consist principally of cheese
 bagels
 butter
 muffins
 and ethnic foods
 are supplied by various vendors
 to our
specifications. Cheese accounted for approximately 84% of the division&#146;s 2012 sales. While we do not produce cheese
 we operate a cheese packaging facility in Lake Mills
 Wisconsin
 which processes and packages various cheese products for our

The division continues to expand its market area using both company-owned and leased facilities and independent distributors. The
division&#146;s market area is the United States
 with a large customer concentration in the central United States. We sell our products to a large number of retail stores
 a majority of which are served via customers&#146; warehouses. The division
also maintains a fleet of refrigerated tractor-trailers to deliver products daily to its retail customers from nine distribution centers centrally located in its key marketing areas. 
Our cheese and butter products are affected by milk price supports established by the United States Department of Agriculture
(&#147;USDA&#148;). The support price serves as an artificial minimum price for these products
 and may not be indicative of prices that would prevail if these supports were abolished. 
 The division has customer relationships with large grocery chains that rely on us to deliver a variety of dairy case
products in a timely and efficient manner. The division serves a large number of retail locations


 Inc.
 Dairy Farmers of America
 Sargento Foods
 Inc.
 and Sorrento Lactalis
 Inc. We
position the division&#146;s products as an alternative mid-priced brand
 operating at price points below national brands and above store (private-label) brands. The division&#146;s emphasis on a high level of service and lower-priced branded
products has enabled it to compete effectively with larger national-brand companies. 
&#148; trade name.
Other trademarks include 




 


SALES
 MARKETING AND CUSTOMER SERVICE 
Each of our three divisions has developed a marketing strategy that emphasizes high quality products and customer service. An internal
sales group at Michael Foods coordinates the foodservice sales of the Egg Products and Refrigerated Potato Products Divisions
 primarily for national and regional accounts
 and is supported by a centralized order entry and customer service staff. We
use a group of foodservice brokers to supplement internal sales efforts. The Egg Products Division also maintains a small sales group that handles certain food ingredient and international egg product sales. 
The sales activities related to our nationally branded retail egg and potato products are executed by the Cheese&nbsp;&amp; Other
Dairy-Case Products Division&#146;s direct sales personnel and brokers. Outside marketing and advertising agencies and consultants are used as needed. The Cheese&nbsp;&amp; Other Dairy-Case Products Division&#146;s internal and external sales
personnel obtain orders from retail stores for next-day delivery
 and warehouse accounts for delivery usually within 14 days. Marketing efforts are primarily focused on in-store
 co-op
 and select media advertising programs
 which are executed with


 including continuous USDA inspection at many facilities
 we
have instituted company-wide quality systems that address topics such as supplier control; ingredient
 packaging and product specifications; preventive maintenance; pest control and sanitation. Each of our facilities also has in place a hazard
analysis critical control points (&#147;HACCP&#148;) plan that identifies critical pathways for contaminants and mandates control measures that must be used to prevent
 eliminate or reduce relevant food-borne hazards. Each of our divisions has also
instituted a product recall plan
 including lot identifiability and traceability measures that allow us to act quickly to reduce the risk of consumption of any product that we suspect may pose a health issue. 
We maintain general liability insurance
 including product liability coverage
 which we believe to be sufficient to cover potential
We have also implemented the Safe Quality Food (&#147;SQF&#148;) program at all of our facilities. SQF
is a fully integrated food safety and quality management protocol designed specifically for the food sector. The SQF code
 based on universally accepted CODEX Alimentarius
 HACCP guidelines and the Global Food Safety Initiative (GFSI) standards
offers a comprehensive methodology to manage food safety and quality simultaneously. SQF certification provides an independent and external validation that a product
 process or service complies with international
 regulatory and other specified
standards. All of our facilities are SQF level III certified. 
We are subject to federal and state regulations relating to quality control
 product branding and labeling
 waste disposal and other
aspects of our operations. We are also subject to USDA and Food and Drug Administration (&#147;FDA&#148;) regulations regarding quality
 labeling and sanitary control. Our Egg Products Division processing plants that break eggs
 and some of our
other egg-processing operations
 are subject to continuous on-site USDA inspection. Our other processing plants are subject to periodic inspection by the USDA
 FDA and/or state regulatory authorities
 such as state departments of agriculture.
Additionally
 following the recent adoption of the Food Safety Modernization Act
 the FDA is developing additional regulations focused on prevention of food contamination
 more frequent inspection of high-risk facilities
 increased record-keeping
and improved tracing of contaminated food. 
We are subject to federal and state environmental regulations
 including those governing discharges to air and water
 the management of
hazardous substances
 the disposal of solid and hazardous wastes
 and the remediation of contamination. Many of our facilities discharge wastewater pursuant to wastewater discharge permits. We dispose of waste from our internal egg production
primarily by transferring it to farmers for use as fertilizer. We dispose of solid waste from potato processing primarily by transferring it to one or more processors who convert it to animal feed. We have made
 and will continue to make
expenditures to ensure environmental compliance. Our environmental management and compliance programs are led by our Director of Environmental Engineering. Additionally
 we have ongoing relationships with environmental consulting firms
 and we use
other consultants as required. As a result of our efforts
 we believe we are currently in material compliance with all environmental regulations and requirements. 
 




 2012
 we had 3
601 employees. The Egg Products Division had 2
391 full-time and 237 part-time employees
 none of whom are represented by a union. The Refrigerated Potato Products
Division employed 304 persons
 223 of whom were represented by the Bakery
 Laundry
 Allied Sales Drivers and Warehousemen Union
 which is affiliated with the Teamsters. The union contract was recently renewed and extends the term five years to
December 31
 2017. The Cheese&nbsp;&amp; Other Dairy-Case Products Division employed 440 persons
 none of whom are represented by a union. Our corporate
 sales
 supply chain
 logistics and information systems groups collectively had 229 employees.
We believe our employee relations to be in good standing. 
We make available
 free of charge
 our annual reports on Form 10-K
 quarterly reports on Form 10-Q
 current reports on Form 8-K and any
amendments filed or furnished pursuant to Section&nbsp;13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as soon as reasonably practical after they are filed or furnished to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the &#147;SEC&#148;). The
public may read and copy any materials that we file with the SEC at the SEC&#146;s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street NW
 Washington
 DC
 20549. The public may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling
) on the Newsroom tab. Information included on our website is not
deemed to be incorporated into this Form 10-K. 


Our business and results of operations may be materially adversely affected by changes in national
or global economic conditions
 including inflation
 interest rates
 availability of capital markets
 consumer spending rates
 energy availability and costs (including fuel surcharges)
 and the effects of governmental initiatives to manage economic
conditions. Volatility in financial markets and the deterioration of national and global economic conditions may impact our business in a number of ways
 resulting in: 





a decrease in away-from-home food consumption
 which may adversely impact demand for our products in the foodservice channel;




















increased cost or difficulty to obtain financing to fund operations or investment opportunities
 or to refinance our debt in the future
 in each case
Our operating results are significantly affected by egg
 potato
and cheese market prices
 the prices of other raw materials
 such as grain
Our
operating results are significantly affected by egg
 potato and cheese prices and the prices of corn and soybean meal
 which are the primary grains fed to laying hens. Historically
 the prices of these raw materials have fluctuated widely. Changes
in the price of such items may have a material adverse effect on our business
 prospects
 and results of operations or financial condition. In general
 the pricing of eggs is affected by a relative inelasticity of supply and demand
 often resulting
in small changes in production or demand having a large effect on prices. Our operating profit tends to be adversely affected when egg and grain prices rise significantly. In addition
 our operating profit has historically been negatively affected
during extended periods of low egg prices. We can experience similar negative effects on our results of operations because of increases in the prices of potatoes and cheese. Although we can take steps to mitigate the effects of changes in our raw
material costs
 fluctuations in prices are outside our control. For example
 the prices of corn and soybean meal rose dramatically from the summer of 2006 through the summer of 2008
 in late 2010
 all 2011 and again in late 2012. With the rapid rise
in grain costs
 we were unable to adjust our egg products prices rapidly or sufficiently enough to offset the significant raw material cost increases in those periods. Our operating results can also be affected by other input costs such as energy
and energy-related costs. While we endeavor to keep our selling prices in line with our input costs
 we are not always able to do so and this may result in lower operating profit margins. 
To mitigate the risk of increases in raw material costs
 many of our customer contracts are variable-pricing contracts that are priced
off the same index we use to purchase shell and liquid eggs. In addition
 due to the unprecedented volatility in grain costs over the past few years
 we try to limit fixed-price contracts to be less than one year in duration and we typically hedge
the grain costs associated with them to lock in the negotiated margin. These practices reduce
 but do not eliminate
 the risk of negative profit impacts from raw material price increases. There is no assurance that our risk management activities
will provide sufficient protection from price fluctuations. In addition
 these efforts can diminish the opportunity to benefit from the improved margins that would result from an unanticipated decline in grain prices. 
 


We produce and distribute food products that are susceptible to microbial contamination.
Many of the inputs used to make our products
 particularly eggs and raw potatoes
 are vulnerable to contamination by
pathogens&#151;naturally occurring disease-producing organisms&#151;such as Salmonella. Shipment of adulterated products
 even if inadvertent
 is typically prohibited by law and may lead to an increased risk of exposure to product liability claims
(as discussed below)
 product recalls and increased scrutiny by federal and state regulatory agencies. Any shipment of adulterated products may have a material adverse effect on our reputation
 business
 prospects
 results of operations and
financial condition. The risk may be controlled
 but not eliminated
 by adherence to good manufacturing practices and finished product testing. Also
 products purchased from others for repacking or distribution may contain contaminants that may be
inadvertently redistributed by us. After contaminated products have been shipped for distribution
 illness and death may result if the pathogens are not eliminated by thorough cooking at the foodservice or consumer level. 
We may recall products in the event of contamination or damage. In addition
 from time to time we may withdraw or hold product lots that
have spoilage or other issues unrelated to food safety. These limited recalls and withdrawals historically have not had a material adverse effect on our business. However
 any product recall or withdrawal could result in significant costs incurred
in connection with the recovery and disposal of inventory
 lost sales
 as well as a loss of consumer confidence in our products
 all of which could materially adversely affect our reputation with existing and potential customers and have a material
adverse effect on our business
 prospects
 results of operations and financial condition. We currently do not carry product recall insurance for such losses. Additionally
 a product recall by other companies that produce and distribute products




or illness. If a product liability claim is successful
 our insurance may not be adequate to cover all liabilities we may incur
 and we may not be able to continue to maintain such insurance
 or obtain comparable insurance at a reasonable cost. We
generally seek contractual indemnification and insurance coverage from parties supplying us products
 but this indemnification or insurance coverage is limited by the financial assets
 insurance coverage and creditworthiness of the indemnifying
party
 as well as the limits of any insurance provided by suppliers. If we did not have adequate insurance or contractual indemnification available
 product liability claims relating to defective products could have a material adverse effect on our
business reputation and earnings. In addition
 even if a product liability claim is not successful or is not fully pursued
 the negative publicity surrounding any assertion that our products caused illness or injury could have a material adverse
effect on our reputation and on our business
 prospects
A decline in egg consumption or


 United States egg consumption has remained stable for the past three years at around 248 eggs per person per year
 while growing slightly in total due to population
growth. While we do not expect this trend to change dramatically and we anticipate total consumption will continue to grow in line with population trends
 adverse publicity relating to health concerns and the nutritional value of eggs
 egg products
or our other main product lines
 cheese and potatoes
 could adversely affect consumption and demand for our products
 which could have a material adverse effect on our business
 prospects
 and results of operations or financial condition. In
addition
 a change in consumer preferences relating to food products or in consumer perceptions regarding the nutritional value of certain food products could adversely affect demand
 which could have a material adverse effect on our business
prospects
 results of operations
 liquidity and financial condition. Consumer preferences may evolve over time and the success of our food products depends on our ability to identify these preferences and offer products that appeal to them. If we do
not succeed in satisfying consumer preferences
 or if we fail to introduce new and improved products to satisfy those preferences
 our sales could decline. Further
 weak or recessionary economic conditions can affect food consumption patterns
particularly in the foodservice market
We must correctly identify
and interpret changes in consumer preferences and demand
Consumer
preferences for food products change continually. Our success depends on our ability to predict
 identify and interpret the tastes and dietary habits of consumers and to offer products that appeal to consumer preferences. If we do not offer products
that appeal to consumers
We must distinguish
between short-term fads
 mid-term trends and long-term changes in consumer preferences. If we do not accurately predict which shifts in consumer preferences will be long-term
 or if we fail to introduce new and improved products to satisfy those
preferences
 our sales could decline. In addition
 because of our varied consumer base
 we must offer an array of products that satisfy the broad spectrum of consumer preferences. If we fail to expand our product offerings successfully across
product categories
 or if we do not rapidly develop products in faster growing and more profitable categories
 demand for our products will decrease and our profitability could suffer. 
Prolonged negative perceptions concerning the health implications of certain food products could influence consumer preferences and
acceptance of some of our products and marketing programs. We strive to respond to consumer preferences and social expectations
 but we may not be successful in our efforts. Continued negative perceptions and failure to satisfy consumer preferences
could materially and adversely affect our product sales
The categories of the food
industry in which we operate are highly competitive


 food products are price-sensitive&nbsp;and affected by many factors beyond our control
 including
the economy
 changes in consumer tastes
 fluctuating input prices
 changes in supply due to weather
 and production variances. Increased competition against any of 
 


 
our products could result in price reduction
 reduced margins and loss of market share
 which could negatively affect our business
 prospects
 results of operations and financial condition. In
particular
 we compete with major companies such as Cargill
 Incorporated
 Kraft Foods Group
 Inc.
 Hormel Foods Corp. and ConAgra Foods
 Inc. Each of these companies has substantially greater financial resources
 name recognition
 research and
development
 marketing and human resources than we have. In addition
 our competitors may succeed in developing new or enhanced products that could be preferred over our products. These companies may also prove to be more successful than us in
Our business may be materially adversely affected by the loss of
 or reduced purchases by
 one or more
Our largest customers have historically accounted for a significant portion of our net sales
volume. If
 for any reason
 one of our key customers were to purchase significantly less of our products in the future or were to terminate its purchases from us altogether
 and we were not able to sell our products to new customers at comparable or
greater levels
 our business
 prospects
 financial condition and results of operations may be materially adversely effected. This concentration of sales also increases the risk that if one or more large customers encounter financial difficulties
such as during an economic recession
The
Many of our customers
 such as foodservice distributors and
major retail grocery chains
 continue to consolidate
 resulting in fewer customers on which we can rely for business. Consolidation also produces larger customers that may seek to leverage their position to improve their profitability by demanding
improved efficiency
 lower pricing
 increased promotional programs or specifically tailored products. In addition
 larger customers have the scale to develop supply chains that permit them to operate with reduced inventories or to develop and market
their own brands. Further consolidation and increasing customer power could materially and adversely affect our product sales


 whether licensed or owned
 or the loss of any registered trademark
 could enable other companies to compete more effectively with us. 
We utilize trademarks
 patents
 trade secrets and other intellectual property in our business. The loss or expiration of intellectual
property could enable other companies to compete more effectively with us by making and selling products that are substantially similar to products that we offer and could negatively impact our ability to produce and sell the associated products
which could have a material adverse effect on our operations. We also own many registered and unregistered trademarks that are used in the marketing and sale of our products. We have made substantial investments in establishing and promoting our
trademarked brands. However
Third parties may assert
infringement or other intellectual property claims against us based on their intellectual property rights. If such claims are successful
 we may have to pay substantial damages and/or may be prohibited from selling our products without a license
which
 if available at all
 may not be available on commercially acceptable terms. Even if such claims are without merit
 defending a lawsuit may be expensive and could divert management attention from other business activities. 
Government regulation could increase our capital expenditures
 costs of production and increase our legal and regulatory expenses.
Our manufacturing
 processing
 packaging
 storage
 distribution and labeling of food products are subject to extensive
federal and state regulation
 including regulation by the FDA
 the USDA
 and various health and agricultural agencies. Some of our facilities are subject to continuous on-site USDA inspection. The availability of government inspectors due to a
government furlough could cause disruption to our manufacturing facilities. Applicable statutes and regulations governing food products include rules for identifying the content of specific types of foods
 the nutritional value of that food and its
serving size. Many jurisdictions also require food manufacturers to meet good manufacturing practices (the definition of which may vary by jurisdiction) with respect to personal hygiene
 wearing and handling of company-issued uniforms and footwear
footbaths
 hand washing
 storage and handling of equipment
Failure to comply
with all applicable laws and regulations could subject us to civil remedies
 including fines
 injunctions
 and criminal sanctions
 which could have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition and results of operations.
Furthermore
 compliance with current or future laws or regulations could require us to make material expenditures or otherwise adversely affect the way we operate our business
 our prospects
 results of operations and financial condition. A specific
example of a possible future law that would require us to make material expenditures is a law requiring all layer-hen cages be replaced with or converted to larger &#147;enriched&#148; cages over a period of time. Such a bill was introduced in 2012
but was not adopted into law. 
 


We may incur material costs associated with compliance with environmental regulations.
We are subject to federal and state environmental requirements
 including those governing discharges to air and water
the management of hazardous substances
 the disposal of solid and hazardous wastes
 including animal waste
 and the remediation of contamination. If we do not fully comply with environmental regulations
 or if a release of hazardous substances
occurs at or from one of our facilities
 or at facilities at which we dispose of wastes associated with our operations
 we may be subject to penalties and fines
 and/or be held liable for the cost of remedying environmental contamination. In
addition
 these laws and regulations and their interpretation and enforcement are constantly evolving and have tended to become more stringent over time. It is impossible to predict accurately the effect that changes in these laws and regulations
or their interpretation or enforcement
 may have upon our business
 financial condition or results of operations. In particular
 animal feeding operations
 which involve the management of animal waste
 wastewater discharges and air emissions
 have
become the subject of increasing regulatory scrutiny. If we are unable to comply with environmental laws and regulations
 we could incur substantial costs
 including fines and civil or criminal sanctions
 or costs associated with upgrades to our
facilities or changes in our manufacturing processes in order to achieve and maintain compliance. The operational and financial effects associated with compliance with current and future environmental regulations could require us to make material
expenditures or otherwise change the way we operate our business
 which may impact our prospects

<FONT

changes in weather patterns around the globe
 an increase in the frequency and severity of natural disasters or other effects that are impossible to predict. Decreased agricultural productivity in certain regions as a result of changing weather
patterns could limit availability or increase the cost of key agricultural commodities. Increased frequency or duration of extreme weather conditions could also impair production capability
 disrupt suppliers or impact demand for our products.
Federal
 regional and state efforts to regulate greenhouse gas emissions are at various stages of consideration and implementation
 and could result in increased energy
 transportation and raw material costs. In addition
 consumer concern about
Extreme weather conditions
Many of our business activities are subject to a
variety of agricultural risks. Unusual weather conditions
 disease and pests can adversely affect the quality and quantity of the raw materials we use
 as well as the food products we produce and distribute. In particular
 avian influenza
occasionally affects the domestic poultry industry
 leading to hen deaths. A virulent form of avian influenza emerged in Southeast Asia over the past several years and spread elsewhere in the Eastern Hemisphere. It caused deaths in wild bird
populations and
 in limited instances
 domesticated fowl flocks. It was also linked to illness and death among some persons who were in contact with diseased fowl. It is unclear if this form of avian influenza will manifest itself in North America
or if sheltered flocks
 such as ours
 have significant exposure risk. However
 a manifestation of avian influenza in our sheltered flocks could have a material adverse effect on our business. To protect against this risk
 we have intensified
biosecurity measures at our layer locations. Nevertheless
 weather
 disease and pest matters could affect a substantial portion of our production facilities in any year and could have a material adverse effect on our business
 prospects
 and results
Impairment in the carrying value of goodwill or other intangible assets could negatively affect
Goodwill represents the difference between the purchase price of
acquired companies and the related fair values of net assets acquired. Goodwill is not subject to amortization and is tested for impairment annually and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that impairment may have occurred. The
goodwill impairment test is performed at the reporting unit level; our reporting units represent our operating divisions: Egg Products
 Refrigerated Potato Products and Cheese &amp; Other Dairy-Case Products. In conducting the goodwill impairment
test
 we first perform a qualitative assessment to determine whether it is more-likely-than-not that the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. If we conclude that the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its
carrying amount
 then a two-step quantitative test for goodwill impairment is performed for the appropriate reporting units following the guidance within the Accounting Standards Codification. Otherwise
 we conclude that no impairment is indicated
and do not perform the two-step test. We evaluate assets on our balance sheet
 including intangible assets
 whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that their carrying value may not be recoverable. Our estimate of the fair value of the
assets may be based on fair value appraisals and/or discounted cash flow models using various inputs. As of December&nbsp;29
 2012
 we had $443.4&nbsp;million of definite-lived intangible assets subject to amortization
 $111 million of
indefinite-lived trademarks and $830&nbsp;million of goodwill. While we believe that the current carrying value of these assets is not impaired
 materially different assumptions regarding future performance of our businesses could result in
significant non-cash impairment losses. 
 


 
Our ability to make scheduled payments on and to refinance our indebtedness
 and to fund capital and non-capital expenditures
 depends on
our financial and operating performance
 which
 in turn
 is subject to prevailing economic conditions and financial
 business
 competitive
 legislative
 regulatory and other factors. Our business may not generate sufficient cash flow from
operations
 and future borrowings may not be available to us under our credit agreement in an amount sufficient to enable us to pay our indebtedness or to fund our other liquidity needs. In addition
 we are a holding company for our subsidiaries and
have no material operations and only limited assets. Accordingly
 we are dependent on cash distributions and dividends from our operating subsidiaries in order to service our debt obligations. 
We are unable to assure our ability to refinance any of our debt on commercially reasonable terms or at all. In particular
 our credit
agreement will mature prior to the maturity of the 9.75% senior notes. If we are unable to make payments or refinance our debt or obtain new financing under these circumstances
 we would have to consider other options
 such as the sale of assets
and/or negotiations with our lenders to restructure the applicable debt. Our credit agreement and the indenture governing the 9.75% senior notes may restrict
 or market or business conditions may limit
 our ability to take some or all of these
The borrowings under our credit agreement will bear interest at variable rates and other debt we incur could
likewise be variable rate debt. If market interest rates increase
 variable rate debt will create higher debt service requirements
 which could adversely affect our cash flow. While we may enter into agreements limiting our exposure to higher
interest rates
We rely on our management team and other key
personnel
 and the loss of one or more key employees or any difficulty in attracting
 training and retaining other talented personnel could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
We depend on the skills
 working relationships and continued services of key personnel
 including our experienced management team. In
addition
 our ability to achieve our operating goals depends on our ability to identify
 hire
 train and retain qualified individuals. We compete with other companies both within and outside of our industry for talented personnel
 and we may lose
key personnel or fail to attract


 and potential disruption
 cyber-attacks
 security problems
 and expanding social media vehicles present new risks.
We are increasingly dependent on information technology systems to manage and support a variety of business processes
and activities
 and any significant breakdown
 invasion
 destruction
 or interruption of these systems could negatively impact operations. In addition
 there is a risk of business interruption and reputational damage from leakage of confidential
The inappropriate use of certain media vehicles could cause brand damage or information leakage. Negative posts
or comments about us on any social networking web site could seriously damage our reputation. In addition
 the disclosure of non-public company sensitive information through external media channels could lead to information loss. Identifying new
points of entry as social media continues to expand presents new challenges. Any business interruptions or damage to our reputation could negatively impact our financial condition and results of operations. 






All of our owned property listed below is pledged to secure repayment of our credit agreement. The total annual lease cost for all leased
facilities is approximately $4.7 million. We believe that our owned and leased facilities
 together with budgeted capital projects in each of our three operating divisions
 are adequate to meet anticipated requirements for our current lines of
For additional information on contractual obligations relating to operating leases see
&#147;Item 7-Management&#146;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations&#151;Liquidity and Capital Resources.&#148; 
 


 




































Elizabeth
 New Jersey




75
000









642
000


Elizabeth
 New Jersey




125
000









1
002
000


Bloomfield
 Nebraska




80
000












Gaylord
 Minnesota




40
000












LeSueur
 Minnesota




29
000












Wakefield
 Nebraska




380
000












Klingerstown
 Pennsylvania (a)




158
000









834
000


Lenox
 Iowa




151
000












Gaylord
 Minnesota




230
000












Bloomfield
 Nebraska




619
000












Wakefield
 Nebraska




658
000












LeSueur
 Minnesota




345
000












Gaylord
 Minnesota




349
000












Gaylord
 Minnesota




130
000












Wakefield
 Nebraska




432
000












Plainview
 Nebraska




112
000












Winnipeg
 Manitoba 




102
000









619
000


Winnipeg
 Manitoba 




32
000









177
000


Mississauga
 Ontario 




8
000









85
000


Chaska
 Minnesota




230
000












Las Vegas
 Nevada 




31
000









329
000

















105
000


LeSueur
 Minnesota




33
000












Lake Mills
 Wisconsin




85
000












Lake Mills
 Wisconsin




30
000












Minnetonka
 Minnesota 




55
000









950
000



































4
743
000

























and early 2009
 some 22 class-action lawsuits were filed in various federal courts against Michael Foods
 Inc. and approximately 20 other defendants (producers of shell eggs
 manufacturers of processed egg products
 and egg industry organizations)
alleging violations of federal and state antitrust laws in connection with the production and sale of shell eggs and processed-egg products
 and seeking unspecified damages. Plaintiffs seek to represent nationwide classes of direct and indirect
purchasers
 and allege that defendants conspired to reduce the supply of eggs by participating in animal husbandry
 egg-export and other programs of various egg-industry associations. In December 2008
 the Judicial Panel on Multidistrict Litigation
ordered the transfer of all cases to the Eastern District of Pennsylvania for coordinated and/or consolidated pretrial proceedings. Between late 2010 and early 2012
 a number of companies
 each of which would be part of the purported class in the
antitrust action
 brought separate actions against defendants. These &#147;tag-along&#148; cases
 brought primarily by various grocery chains and food companies
 assert essentially the same allegations as the Second Consolidated Amended Complaint in
the main action. All but one of the tag-along cases were either filed in or transferred to the Eastern District of Pennsylvania where they are being treated as related to the main action; the one tag-along case where pretrial proceedings are not
under the jurisdiction of the Eastern District of Pennsylvania was brought by a retail grocery chain in Kansas state court. Discovery is underway in these matters. 
 


We received a Civil Investigative Demand (&#147;CID&#148;) issued by the Florida Attorney
General on November&nbsp;17
 2008
 regarding an investigation of possible anticompetitive activities &#147;relating to the production and sale of eggs or egg products.&#148; The CID requested information and documents related to the pricing and
supply of shell eggs and egg products
 as well as our participation in various programs of United Egg Producers. We have fully cooperated with the Florida Attorney General&#146;s Office to date. Further compliance was suspended pending discovery in
: On October&nbsp;27
 2010
 National
Pasteurized Eggs
 Inc. and National Pasteurized Eggs
 LLC (collectively &#147;NPE&#148;) commenced litigation against Michael Foods
 Inc. and several of its subsidiaries in U.S. District Court for the Western District of Wisconsin. NPE alleged that
our pasteurized shell eggs infringe on patents and trademarks that NPE owns or licenses. On April&nbsp;15
 2011
 Michael Foods
 Inc. commenced litigation against National Pasteurized Eggs
 Inc. in U.S. District Court for the District of Minnesota
alleging that National Pasteurized Eggs
 Inc.&#146;s production and sale of pasteurized shell eggs infringed three patents exclusively licensed to Michael Foods
 Inc. The cases were consolidated before the U.S. District Court for the Western
District of Wisconsin. A jury trial took place in June
 2012; the jury returned a verdict of patent infringement against Michael Foods and awarded $5.8 million in damages. The verdict does not affect Michael Foods&#146; ability to continue producing
pasteurized shell eggs
 but in response to the jury verdict
 we returned to process parameters that were in place prior to April
 2010. Several post-trial motions are pending before the trial court
 including a motion for reduction of the damages
award. In June 2012
 we recorded a liability of $5.8 million for the damages award; it is included in &#147;other current liabilities&#148; and &#147;selling
 general and administrative expenses.&#148; 
 On January&nbsp;28
 2010
 our subsidiary Papetti&#146;s Hygrade Egg
Products
 Inc. commenced suit in New Jersey Superior Court against the City of Elizabeth
 N.J. and Liberty Water Company. The suit alleges that City sewer charges
 which are billed by Liberty Water
 are arbitrary and inequitable. Papetti&#146;s
seeks a declaration that its sewer bills have been inaccurate at least since 2002
 and seeks invalidation of certain sewer-related charges and surcharges. In responding to the suit
 the City of Elizabeth counterclaimed on May&nbsp;7
 2010 that
Papetti&#146;s &#147;has not been charged the full and proper amount of sewage charges due to billing mistakes of Defendant Liberty Water Company
&#148; but did not allege any undercharged amount. On June&nbsp;1
 2011
 Liberty Water gave notice of
its belief that since 2004
 it underbilled Papetti&#146;s by some $6.5 million. In November of 2011
 Liberty Water issued invoices totaling $6.2 million to Papetti&#146;s in connection with the alleged underbilling. We have not recorded a liability
We do not believe it is possible to estimate any
possible loss in connection with these litigated matters. Accordingly
 we cannot predict what impact
 if any
 these matters and any results from such matters could have on our future results of operations. 
 In addition
 we are from time to time party to litigation
 administrative proceedings and union grievances that arise in
the ordinary course of business
 and occasionally pay non-material amounts to resolve claims and alleged violations of regulatory requirements. There are no pending &#147;ordinary course&#148; matters that
 separately or in the aggregate
 would
 in
the opinion of management
 have a material adverse effect on our operations
 financial condition or cash flow. 


ITEM&nbsp;5&#151;MARKET FOR REGISTRANT&#146;S COMMON EQUITY
 RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 





Our common equity is not traded in any market. We had one holder of our common equity as of March&nbsp;22
 2013. No securities are authorized for issuance under equity
compensation plans. On June&nbsp;29
 2010
 resulting from the merger described further in Note B to our consolidated financial statements
 we issued 100 shares of common stock. The issuance of such shares to a single stockholder was a private
placement exempt from registration pursuant to Section&nbsp;4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933. On December&nbsp;18
 2012 and March&nbsp;3
 2011
 the Company paid cash dividends of $54&nbsp;million and $65&nbsp;million
 respectively
 to its parent
MFI Midco Corporation. 










 


 
The following table sets forth (i)&nbsp;the selected historical consolidated financial data for Michael Foods Group
 Inc. for the fiscal
years ended December&nbsp;29
 2012 and December&nbsp;31
 2011 and the fiscal six-month period ended January&nbsp;1
 2011 and (ii)&nbsp;the selected historical consolidated financial data for M-Foods Holdings
 Inc. and its subsidiaries (the
&#147;Predecessor&#148;) for the fiscal six-month period ended June&nbsp;26
 2010 and the fiscal years ended January&nbsp;2
 2010 and&nbsp;January&nbsp;3
 2009. Our fiscal year is based on either a 52- or 53-week period ending on the Saturday
closest to each December&nbsp;31. Therefore
 the financial results of certain fiscal years will not be exactly comparable to the prior or subsequent fiscal years. The fiscal six-month period ended January&nbsp;1
 2011 contains operating results for
twenty-seven weeks. The fiscal six-month period ended June&nbsp;26
 2010 contains operating results for twenty-five weeks. The fiscal years ended December&nbsp;29
 2012
&nbsp;December&nbsp;31
 2011 and January&nbsp;2
 2010 contain operating results
for 52&nbsp;weeks. The fiscal year ended January&nbsp;3
The
statement of operations data for the years ended December&nbsp;29
 2012 and December&nbsp;31
 2011 and the six-month period ended January&nbsp;1
 2011
 and the balance sheet data as of December&nbsp;29
 2012
&nbsp;December&nbsp;31
 2011 and
January&nbsp;1
 2011 of the Company
 and the statement of operations data for the six-month period ended June&nbsp;26
 2010 of the Predecessor were derived from the audited consolidated financial statements
 which are included elsewhere in this Form
10-K. The statement of operations data for the years ended January&nbsp;2
 2010 and January&nbsp;3
 2009 and the balance sheet data as of January&nbsp;2
 2010 and January&nbsp;3
 2009 were derived from the Predecessor&#146;s audited consolidated
Our historical operating results are not necessarily indicative of
future operating results. See &#147;Risk Factors&#148; and the notes to our financial statements. You should read the selected historical consolidated financial data presented below in conjunction with &#147;Management&#146;s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations&#148; and our consolidated financial statements and the related notes included elsewhere in this Form 10-K. 
 




























































Year Ended









Year Ended





December&nbsp;29



December&nbsp;31



January&nbsp;1



June&nbsp;26



January&nbsp;2



January&nbsp;3








































































1
856
054



1
766
588



858
306



743
995



1
542
779



1
804
373





1
544
501



1
493
575



726
832



612
748



1
241
613



1
528
420































311
553



273
013



131
474



131
247



301
166



275
953


Selling
 general and administrative expenses


177
164



156
853



76
085



102
283



145
883



165
938

















14
730







































134
389



116
160



55
389



14
234



155
283



110
015


Interest expense
 net


90
356



98
140



52
871



30
985



59
184



56
099



































3
527







31
238



3
237



































44
473



14
103



3
256



(47
989



92
862



53
916





12
524











(13
765



32
690



15
935





1
855



















































30
094



14
289



3
277



(34
283



60
172



37
981



















































































152
807



192
912



170
191







175
760



162
322





2
075
348



2
141
829



2
164
098







1
307
663



1
299
869


Long-term debt
 including current maturities


1
209
403



1
251
089



1
229
182







707
098



748
078





399
497



423
963



473
615







326
897



259
499


 


ITEM&nbsp;7 MANAGEMENT&#146;S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and the notes to
those statements appearing elsewhere in this Form 10-K. This discussion may contain forward-looking statements
 and actual results may differ materially from those indicated in forward-looking statements. See &#147;Forward-Looking Statements.&#148;

. We are a producer and distributor of egg products to the foodservice
 retail and food ingredient markets. We are also a
producer and distributor of refrigerated potato products to the foodservice and retail grocery markets. Additionally
 we distribute refrigerated food items
 primarily cheese and other products sold in the dairy case
 to the retail grocery market
predominantly in the central United States. We focus our growth efforts on the specialty sectors within our food categories and strive to be a market leader in product innovation and efficient production. We have a strategic focus on value-added
processing of food products
 which is designed to capitalize on key food industry trends
 such as (i)&nbsp;the desire for improved safety and convenience
 (ii)&nbsp;the focus by foodservice operators on reducing labor and waste
 and (iii)&nbsp;the
long-term trend toward food consumption away from home
 which continues to be slowed somewhat by the economic environment. We believe our operational scale
 product breadth and geographic scope make us an attractive and important strategic partner
for our customers
 which include foodservice distributors
 major restaurant chains


 on June&nbsp;29
 2010
 the Predecessor merged with and into MFI Acquisition Corporation
 and the surviving entity was renamed Michael Foods
Group
 Inc. The merger was accounted for as a business combination and a new accounting basis was established.&nbsp;Accordingly
 the accompanying consolidated financial statements and select financial data are presented for the full years 2012 and
2011 for the Company and two periods for 2010
 Company and Predecessor
 which relate to the accounting periods succeeding and preceding the consummation of the merger.&nbsp;The Company and Predecessor periods have been separated by a vertical line
in the respective statements and tables to highlight the fact that the financial information for such periods has been prepared under two different historical cost bases of accounting.&nbsp;The accounting policies followed by us in the preparation
of our consolidated financial statements for the Company periods are consistent with those of the Predecessor periods and are further described below and in the Notes to the Financial Statements. As the successor Company is substantially the same
business as the Predecessor with the exception of the purchase accounting impacts described below
 management believes that combining the Company and Predecessor periods for the last six months and first six months of 2010
 which is a non-GAAP
presentation
 provides a more meaningful comparison of the 2011 and 2010 results of operations and cash flows when considered with the purchase accounting effects described below. 
Also
 as discussed in the Notes to the Financial Statements
 the Predecessor is
 collectively
 M-Foods Holdings
 Inc. and its
subsidiaries. The Michael Foods entity that filed reports with the SEC prior to the June&nbsp;29
 2010 merger was Michael Foods
 Inc.
 a direct
 wholly-owned subsidiary of M-Foods Holdings
 Inc. In general
 the Michael Foods
 Inc. filings did not
include financial information with respect to M-Foods Holdings
 Inc. Consequently
 certain Predecessor information herein is not directly comparable to information in the Michael Foods
 Inc. filings. Prior to the merger
 M-Foods Holdings
 Inc.
liabilities consisted solely of 9.75% discount notes and M-Foods Holdings
 Inc.&#146;s sole asset was the shares of Michael Foods


During March 2010
 we funded $1.5 million
 our 50% share of the initial capital funding of a joint venture
 to MFOSI
 LLC
 a Delaware LLC (&#147;MFOSI&#148;). In November 2011
 we funded $500
000
 our 50% share of an additional capital contribution.
MFOSI owns 100% of its subsidiary
 Lang Fang MK Food Co.
 a Chinese egg products company. Production of products began in October 2011 to support customer sales. We use the equity method of accounting for this joint venture. 
. Our principal exposure to market risks that may adversely affect our results of operations and
financial position include changes in future commodity prices and interest rates. We seek to minimize or manage these market risks through normal operating and financing activities and through the use of commodity futures contracts
 when
appropriate. We do not trade or use instruments with the objective of earning financial gains on commodity prices
 nor do we use instruments where there are not underlying exposures. See &#147;Item 7&#151;Market Risk&#151;Commodity Risk
Management.&#148; 
 




 2012
 we changed our internal reporting of segment information reported to our President and Chief Executive Officer who is our Chief Operating Decision Maker (&#147;CODM&#148;).
We now report all sales of shell egg and egg products and refrigerated potato products in their respective segments and the balance of our retail distributed products
 cheese and other dairy-case products
 as our third segment. This change increased
the amount of external net sales and operating profit reported for prior periods for both the egg products and refrigerated potato products segments as we reclassified the egg and refrigerated potato products previously reported under the cheese
&amp; other dairy-case products segment. The comparative discussion below reflects that presentation as the prior periods have been restated to reflect the new internal reporting to the CODM. 
The following table summarizes the historical results of our divisional operations and such data as a percentage of total net sales. The
information contained in this table should be read in conjunction with &#147;Item 6&#151;Selected Financial Data&#148; and the consolidated financial statements and related notes
 including &#147;Note J&#151;Business Segments&#148; included
elsewhere in this Form 10-K. 













































































December&nbsp;29



December&nbsp;31



January&nbsp;1



June&nbsp;26































































1
315
705







1
228
410







586
860







527
571









153
481







138
004







71
119







62
358









386
868







400
174







200
327







154
066











































1
856
054







1
766
588







858
306







743
995









1
544
501







1
493
575







726
832







612
748











































311
553







273
013







131
474







131
247






Selling
 general and administrative expenses


177
164







156
853







76
085







102
283

































14
730













































































118
335







101
961







49
610







64
854









23
126







15
716







4
399







(6
492









17
116







18
131







7
072







11
139









(24
188







(19
648







(5
692







(55
267











































134
389







116
160







55
389







14
234








































Interest expense
 net


90
356







98
140







52
871







30
985











































30
094







14
289







3
277







(34
283







































Results for the Year Ended December&nbsp;29
 2012 Compared to results for the Year Ended December&nbsp;31
 2011
Net sales for 2012 increased $89.5 million
 or 5.1%. Net sales were $1
856.1 million for the year
ended December&nbsp;29
 2012 compared to $1
766.6 million in 2011. The change in net sales primarily reflects higher volumes experienced during the year. Overall volume increased 4.8%
 compared to 2011
 reflecting increases in volume in the Egg
Products and Refrigerated Potato Products Divisions


 or 7.1%. Net sales increased over last year due to volume gains and the pass-through of higher commodity costs.
Unit sales increased by 4.6% in 2012 compared to 2011
 driven by increases across all of our channels
 foodservice


 or 11.2%. Unit sales increased by 10.6% in 2012 compared to 2011
 driven by strong growth in
our foodservice business.
 


External net sales
for 2012 decreased $13.3 million
 or 3.3%. Unit sales decreased 1.3% in 2012 due to decreased volume in private-label butter. Volume in our core branded
 private-label
 and deli cheese business grew 2% in 2012. Lower average commodity prices
predominately in butter
 and lower levels of promotional spending impacted net pricing


 or 14.1%. Gross profit was $311.6 million for the year compared to $273.0 million in 2011. Our gross profit margin increased to 16.8% in
2012 as compared to 15.5% in 2011. The increase in gross profit margins reflected improved contributions from all of our divisions due to improved alignment of selling prices and input costs. Although the year included some dramatic commodity
impacts in corn
 soybean meal
 cheese
 butter and energy-related costs
 we were better able to pass higher costs through to our customers on a timely basis. We also experienced very good operating results during the year across our manufacturing
Selling
 General and Administrative Expenses. 
 general and administrative expenses
(&#147;SG&amp;A&#148;) for 2012 increased $20.3 million
 or 12.9%. SG&amp;A was $177.2 million for the year ended December&nbsp;29
 2012 compared to $156.9 million in 2011. The main reasons for the increase were the $5.8 million in damages awarded
by a jury in the National Pasteurized Eggs
 Inc. litigation described in the footnotes to the consolidated financial statements
 the associated legal costs
 increased marketing costs to support the volume growth of the business
 and compensation
costs
Operating profit for 2012 increased $18.2 million


 or 16.1%. The increase was mainly a result of volume growth and the improved alignment of pricing with
Operating profit for 2012 increased $7.4 million
or 47.1% to $23.1 million compared to $15.7 million in 2011. The results in 2012 were positively impacted by the volume growth and continued improvement in operating efficiencies at our Minnesota production facility.
Operating profit for 2012 decreased $1 million
 or 5.6%.


 or 7.9% due to reduced interest costs related to refinancing the term B loan in early 2011
 lower levels of unrealized losses related
to interest rate swaps of $2.4 million compared to $6.5 million in 2011 and lower outstanding debt levels during the year. 
We recorded the change in exchange rates impacting an intercompany Canadian
currency-denominated note receivable due from our Canadian subsidiary
Loss on early extinguishment
of debt
 2011 refinancing of our credit agreement
 we recorded a $3.5 million loss on extinguishment of debt for those lenders who did not participate in the amended and restated credit agreement.
 Our effective tax rate on pretax earnings was 28.2% for the year ended December&nbsp;29
 2012 compared
with the rate of (5.1%)&nbsp;for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2011. The respective effective tax rates were affected by the level of income between periods
 the amount of permanent differences between book and taxable income
 changes in state
income taxes
 changes in uncertain tax positions recorded and by the results in our foreign subsidiary
 which impacted the valuation allowance against its deferred tax assets and the effective rate. Although the effective tax rate for the years
ended December&nbsp;29
 2012 and December&nbsp;31
 2011 were also both favorably impacted by a change in the state tax rate used to determine our deferred income tax assets and liabilities
 the benefit to our effective tax rate was much more
Results for the Year Ended
December&nbsp;31
 2011 Compared to results for the Fiscal Year Ended January&nbsp;1
The dollar comparisons and
certain other information in this section and commentary have been changed slightly from what was presented in the prior year to reflect the new segment reporting described above. 
. The June 2010 merger affected our 2011 and 2010 results of operations in certain significant respects.
The allocation of the purchase price to the assets acquired in the merger resulted in a significant increase in our annual depreciation and amortization expense. 
 







We incurred additional depreciation of approximately $12 million in 2011 and $5.1 million in 2010 on the step-up basis of tangible assets
 most of
which was included within cost of sales
 





The step-up of our amortizable intangible assets resulted in additional expense of approximately $15.5 million in 2011 and $8 million in 2010 and was
included in selling expense
 and 





The purchase accounting adjustment to inventory resulted in a one-time increase in 2010 cost of sales of approximately $17.9 million as those products
In addition
 due to the effects of the increased borrowings to
finance the merger
 our interest expense increased in the periods following the merger. We incurred debt issuance costs of approximately $52.3 million
 which have been capitalized in other long-term assets and are being amortized using the effective
interest rate method over the term of the credit and 9.75% senior notes agreements. The credit agreement entered into to finance the merger was issued at a discount. The original issue discount of $17.3 million is being amortized using the effective
interest rate method over the term of the credit agreement
On February&nbsp;25
 2011
 we
refinanced the credit agreement and recorded approximately $7.1 million of additional debt issuance costs
 which have been capitalized in other long-term assets and are being amortized using the effective interest rate method over the term of the
. The
June 2010 merger also resulted in significant transaction-related expenses recorded by the Predecessor in the period ended June&nbsp;26
 2010: 





The Predecessor recorded transaction costs of $14.7 million
 






The Predecessor recorded $35.6 million of stock compensation in selling
 general and administrative expense related to options outstanding as of
June&nbsp;26
 2010 and 





The Predecessor also recorded a loss on the early extinguishment of debt of approximately $31.2 million
 related to the early repayment of the debt
outstanding prior to the merger. Included in the loss on early extinguishment of debt is $20.6 million of non-cash write-off of unamortized deferred financing costs and original issue discount. 
Several of the commentary items below include the impacts of the purchase accounting effects and certain transaction-related items
described in the paragraphs above by adding the incremental 2011 impacts to the Predecessor&#146;s 2010 period expense as if the merger happened in January 2010
 resulting in non-GAAP comparisons. We believe this presentation provides a more
consistent comparison between the respective periods


 2011 included 52 weeks
 while the six-month period ended January&nbsp;1
 2011 included 27 weeks and the six-month period ended June&nbsp;26
 2010 included 25 weeks. The
consolidated financial results discussed below include our financial data and the financial data of the Predecessor
 M-Foods Holdings


 or 10.3%. Net sales were $1
766.6 million for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2011 compared to $858.3 million for the six-month period ended
January&nbsp;1
 2011 and $744 million for the Predecessor&#146;s six-month period ended June&nbsp;26
 2010. The change in net sales primarily reflects the pass-through of higher commodity costs. Overall volume decreased 0.8%
 compared to 2010
reflecting declines in volume in the Egg Products and Refrigerated Potato Products Divisions
 offset by higher volumes for the Cheese&nbsp;&amp; Other Dairy-Case Products Division. 
External net sales for 2011 increased $114 million
 or 10.2%. Net sales increased over last year
due to the pass-through of higher commodity costs. Unit sales decreased by 1.1% in 2011 compared to 2010


 or 3.4%. Unit sales decreased by 1.7% in 2011 compared to 2010
 driven by retail potato volume
declines as a result of lower levels of promotion during 2011. The lower levels of promotion and an increase in our base pricing resulted in higher average selling prices offsetting the volume decline.
External net sales for 2011 increased $45.8 million
 or 12.9%.
Unit sales for distributed products increased 2.6% in 2011 due to increased volume in branded
 private-label and deli cheese products. Higher commodity pricing and lower levels of promotional spending impacted net pricing
 which led to a larger
Gross profit for 2011 increased $10.3 million
 or 3.9%. Gross
profit was $273.0 million for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2011 compared to $131.5 million for the six-month period ended January&nbsp;1
 2011 and $131.2 million for the Predecessor&#146;s six-month period ended June&nbsp;26
 2010. Our gross
profit margin decreased to 15.5% in 2011 as compared to 
 


 
16.4% in 2010. The gross profit for 2010 included the adverse impact of the $17.9 million reversal of inventory step-up as a result of purchase accounting related to the merger
 while the 2011
period includes approximately $6 million of additional depreciation for 2011 over 2010 resulting from purchase accounting. Factoring out the purchase accounting impacts
 gross profit decreased $1.7 million and gross profit margin decreased 1.7%. The
decline in gross profit margins reflected improved contributions from the Refrigerated Potato Products Division
 which were more than offset by lower gross profit margins in the Egg Products and Cheese&nbsp;&amp; Other Dairy-Case Products Divisions.
The decline for Egg Products and Cheese&nbsp;&amp; Other Dairy-Case Products Divisions was driven by a rise in corn
 soybean meal
 cheese
 butter and energy-related costs
 which we were unable to fully pass through to our customers on a timely
Selling
 General and Administrative Expenses. 
 general and administrative expenses
(&#147;SG&amp;A&#148;) for 2011 decreased $21.5 million
 or 12.1%. SG&amp;A was $156.9 million for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2011 compared to $76.1 million for the six-month period ended January&nbsp;1
 2011 and $102.3 million for the
Predecessor&#146;s six-month period ended June&nbsp;26
 2010. The main drivers for the decrease included approximately $35.6 million of additional stock compensation recorded in 2010 in connection with the merger
 offset by $2.5 million of insurance
claims settlements recorded in 2010. The 2011 period reflects approximately $7.3 million additional amortization of intangibles as a result of the merger
 increased marketing expenses
 approximately $3.2 million of fees and expenses paid in
connection with a business optimization project and approximately $5.1 million of fees incurred in the refinancing of our credit agreement and registration of the 9.75% senior notes during 2011. The increases were offset by reduced compensation
costs
The Predecessor incurred approximately $14.7 million of
Operating profit for 2011 increased $46.5 million
 or 66.8%.
Operating profit was $116.2 million for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2011 compared to $55.4 million for the six-month period ended January&nbsp;1
 2011 and $14.2 million for the Predecessor&#146;s six-month period ended June&nbsp;26
 2010. The
Egg Products Division Operating Profit.

 or 10.9%. Factoring out the purchase accounting items previously described of approximately $3.7 million
 operating profit was down approximately $16.2 million compared to 2010. The decrease was
primarily due to lower volumes and higher corn
 soybean meal and energy-related costs


 to $15.7 million compared to a $2.1 million operating loss in 2010. The results in 2011
were positively impacted by improved operating efficiencies at the Chaska
 Minnesota facility
 compared to 2010 when results were impacted by lower-quality raw potatoes
 plant start-up costs and the inefficiencies of running two plants. 
Operating profit for 2011 decreased $0.1 million
 or 0.4%.
 2011 interest expense
increased $14.3 million
 or 17.0%. The increase is due to significantly higher outstanding borrowings associated with the 2010 merger and increased amortization of deferred financing and original issue discount costs. Also
 in 2011 we recorded
Loss
on early extinguishment of debt
 2011 refinancing of our credit agreement
 we recorded a $3.5 million loss on extinguishment of debt for those lenders who did not participate in the amended and restated
credit agreement. In conjunction with the 2010 merger


 Our effective tax rate on earnings (losses) was (5.1%)&nbsp;for the year ended
December&nbsp;31
 2011 compared with the Company&#146;s rate of (7.7%)&nbsp;for the six months ended January&nbsp;1
 2011 and the Predecessor&#146;s rate of 28.7% for the six-month period ended June&nbsp;26
 2010. The respective effective tax rates
were affected by the level of income and losses between periods
 the amount of permanent differences between book and taxable income
 changes in state income taxes
 changes in uncertain tax positions recorded and by the results in our foreign
subsidiary
 which impacted the valuation allowance against its deferred tax assets and the effective rate. The effective tax rate for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2011 was also favorably impacted by a change in the state tax rate used to
determine our deferred income tax assets and liabilities. See also Note D to the consolidated financial statements. 
 




 shell egg prices typically rise seasonally in the first and fourth quarters of the year
due to increased demand during holiday periods. Consequently
 net sales in the Egg Products Division may increase in the first and fourth quarters. Generally
 the Cheese&nbsp;&amp; Other Dairy-Case Products Division has higher net sales and
operating profits in the fourth quarter
 coinciding with incremental consumer demand during the holiday season. Operating profits from the Refrigerated Potato Products Division are less seasonal
 but tend to be higher in the second half of the year
Generally
 other than fluctuations in certain raw
material costs
 largely related to short-term supply and demand variances
 inflation has not been a significant factor in our operations
 since we can generally offset the impact of inflation through a combination of productivity gains and price
increases over time. However
 we had unusual inflationary impacts to our operations at times during the past few years
 as we experienced notable inflation for key purchased items such as corn
 soybean meal
 cheese
 natural gas
 diesel fuel and
packaging materials. The run-up and volatility in these costs over the past few years have made it difficult to pass through all of these costs on a timely basis. Although we have variable pass-through pricing contracts in place with many of our
customers
 the delay in the reset mechanisms (often 1 to 3 months) impacts the timing of pass-through price increases. In addition
 the pricing mechanisms do not always cover the full range of cost increases related to items such as transportation
and packaging costs. Due to the significance of the increases resulting from the pass-through items
 it is sometimes difficult to pass on these additional costs to customers in a timely manner
 which can impact profitability in periods of
significant run-ups. However
 due to the high percentage of our variable-pricing contracts and the shorter duration of our remaining fixed-price contracts
 our pricing tends to catch up and equalize those fluctuations over time. The most significant
Liquidity and Capital
Historically
 we have financed our liquidity requirements through internally generated funds
 bank borrowings
and the issuance of other indebtedness. We believe such sources remain viable financing alternatives to meet our anticipated needs. Our investments in acquisitions
 joint ventures and capital expenditures have been a significant use of capital. We
The cash flow of
approximately $117.9 million provided by operating activities in the year ended December&nbsp;29
 2012 reflects cash earnings generation and a small decrease in working capital. The cash flow of approximately $123.2 million for the year ended
December&nbsp;31


 2012 was for capital expenditures compared to a capital spend of $45.2 million for the year
ended December&nbsp;31
 2011. Additionally
 in November 2011
 we invested an additional $500
000 in our China joint venture and in June 2011
 we were required to increase
 by $350
000
 the level of guarantee required by our insurance carrier to be
held in an escrow collateral money market account
The
cash flow of approximately $105.5 million used in financing activities for the year ended December&nbsp;29
 2012 reflects debt payments
 payment of deferred financing costs in connection with the amendment of our credit agreement in December
 a $54
million cash dividend to our parent that was part of a distribution to shareholders
 and a dividend to parent of $769
000 for the repurchase of certain of its shares from a terminated employee. The cash flow of approximately $53.7 million used for
the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2011 reflects proceeds of the February 2011 refinancing
 payment of the associated deferred financing costs
 and a dividend paid to our parent. 
On June&nbsp;29
 2010
 the Company was acquired by MFI Holding Corporation (&#147;MFI Holding&#148;)
 which is owned by GS Capital
Partners VI Fund
 L.P. and its affiliates (approximately 74%); affiliates and co-investors of Thomas H. Lee Partners
 L.P. (approximately 21%); and certain current and former members of management (approximately 5%). As a result of the $1.675
billion merger
 Michael Foods Group
 Inc. entered into a credit agreement
 with Bank of America
 N.A. as administrative agent
 which provided for availability up to $865 million and consisted of a $75 million revolving line of credit and a $790
million term B loan. On February&nbsp;25
 2011
 the Company completed a refinancing of the credit agreement. The amended and restated credit agreement
 with Bank of America
 N.A. as administrative agent
 provides availability up to $915 million and
consists of the following: 





$75 million revolving line of credit
 of which approximately $17.5 million matures June&nbsp;29
 2015 with the remaining $57.5 million expiring
February&nbsp;25
 2016. The line bears interest at the greater of LIBOR or 1.75%
 plus 4.5% margin for Eurodollar loans and the greater of base rate or 2.75%
 plus 3.5% margin for base rate loans; 
 







$840 million term B loan maturing February&nbsp;25
 2018
 amortizing at 1%&nbsp;per year
 and bearing interest at the greater of LIBOR or 1.25%
 plus
3% margin for Eurodollar loans and the greater of base rate or 2.25%
 plus 2% margin for base rate loans; 





In addition
 the credit agreement permits us to incur incremental term and revolving loans in an aggregate amount not to exceed $200 million
 subject
On March&nbsp;3
 2011
 we used the proceeds from the expansion of the term B loan to
pay a cash dividend of $65 million to its parent MFI Midco Corporation
 which paid a dividend to its then parent
 MFI Holding
 which subsequently distributed the dividend to its shareholders. 
On December&nbsp;18
 2012
 the Company used cash from operations to pay a cash dividend to its parent
 MFI Midco Corporation
(&#147;Midco&#148;)
 which paid a dividend to its parent
 Michael Foods Holding
 Inc. On December&nbsp;18
 2012
 Michael Foods Holding
 Inc. issued $275 million senior PIK notes which accrue cash interest at a rate of 8.5%
 with the option to PIK
interest at a rate of 9.25%. Although we do not guarantee the notes
 as a wholly owned subsidiary we are responsible for servicing the notes. The proceeds of the senior PIK notes issuance
 net of fees and expenses and the $54 million cash dividend
from Midco were used to pay a $321 million cash dividend to its parent MFI Holding


 we issued $430 million of 9.75% senior notes maturing on July&nbsp;15
 2018
 with Wells Fargo Bank
 National Association as Trustee. 
The credit agreement requires us to meet a minimum interest coverage ratio and a maximum leverage ratio. In addition
 the credit
agreement and the indenture relating to the 9.75% senior notes due 2018
 contain certain restrictive covenants which
 among other things
 limit the incurrence of additional indebtedness
 investments
 dividends
 transactions with affiliates
 asset
sales
 acquisitions
 mergers and consolidations
 prepayments of other indebtedness
 liens and encumbrances and other matters customarily restricted in these agreements. Failure to comply with these covenants could result in an event of default
which
 if not cured or waived
 could have a material adverse effect on the results of operations
 financial position and cash flow. In general
 the debt covenants limit discretion in the operation of our businesses. We were in compliance with all of
the covenants under the credit agreement and 9.75% senior notes as of December&nbsp;29
We use adjusted EBITDA as a
measurement of our financial results because we believe it is indicative of the relative strength of our operating performance; it is used to determine incentive compensation levels and it is a key measurement contained in the financial covenants of
The following is a calculation of the minimum interest coverage and maximum leverage ratios under the
credit agreement: 



















December&nbsp;29



December&nbsp;31
































242
807



229
978





78
154



81
985



































1
224
647



1
267
853


Less: Cash and equivalents (Maximum $75
000) 


(43
274



(68
118















1
181
373



1
199
735





242
807



229
978






















 


(1) Adjusted EBITDA (earnings before interest expense
 taxes
 depreciation
 amortization and other
adjustments) is defined in the credit agreement as follows: 



















December&nbsp;29



December&nbsp;31













(Unaudited
 in thousands)





30
094



14
289

























29
654



14
679





90
564



98
189





12
524









97
646



97
246





2
121



1
947





5
842













4
760















1
832













2
830















2
425



2
300





























3
275



















3
527












Adjusted EBITDA
 as defined in the credit agreement


242
807



229
978















The unrealized (gain) loss on currency transactions relates to an intercompany note receivable denominated in Canadian currency and due from our Canadian subsidiary
MFI Food Canada Ltd. 



The unusual charges relate to the jury award in the National Pasteurized Eggs
 Inc. trial (See Note G to the consolidated financial statements).




The non-cash other expenses reflects an adjustment of inventory related to prior period activity
 which was recorded in 2011 as it was not material to any prior period
impacted or to 2011. 
 


(2) Consolidated interest charges
 as calculated in the credit agreement
 were as follows: 




















December&nbsp;29



December&nbsp;31













(Unaudited
 in thousands)





90
646



98
563















10
120



10
078





2
372



6
500















78
154



81
985


























December&nbsp;29



December&nbsp;31













(Unaudited
 in thousands)















765
723



806
800





430
000



430
000





3
338



4
688





10
685



10
379





10
242



12
746





1
104



1
615





1
205



1
275





2
350



















1
224
647



1
267
853






















Long-term debt
 including current
maturities:












(1
205



(1
275





(1
775



(2
704





(2
350



















(10
280



(12
435















(15
244



(16
764












Long-term debt
 including current maturities


1
209
403



1
251
089












 


In December 2008
 we entered into a $15.6 million variable-rate lease agreement to fund a
portion of the equipment purchases at our new potato products facility. The lease agreement matures on December&nbsp;30
 2013. As of December&nbsp;29
 2012
 the outstanding balance was $5.7 million and had an effective interest rate of 3.9%. On
November&nbsp;25
 2009
 we entered into a variable-rate note for up to $7.5 million for additional financing for equipment for the new potato products facility. The $7.5 million note is due November&nbsp;25
 2014. As of December&nbsp;29
 2012
 the
Our ability to make payments on and to
refinance our debt
 to fund planned capital expenditures and otherwise satisfy our obligations will depend on our ability to generate sufficient cash in the future. This
 to some extent
 is subject to general economic
 financial
 competitive and
other factors that are beyond our control. We believe that
 based on current levels of operations
 we will be able to meet our debt service and other obligations when due. Significant assumptions underlie this belief
 including
 among other things
that we will continue to be successful in implementing our business strategy and that there will be no material adverse developments in our business
 liquidity or capital requirements. If our future cash flows from operations and other capital
resources are insufficient to pay our obligations as they mature or to fund our liquidity needs
 we may be forced to reduce or delay our business activities and capital expenditures
 sell assets
 obtain additional debt or equity capital
 or
restructure or refinance all or a portion of our debt
 on or before maturity. We cannot assure our investors that we would be able to accomplish any of these alternatives on a timely basis or on satisfactory terms
 if at all. In addition
 the terms
To manage exposure to
counterparty credit risk
 we enter into agreements with highly rated institutions that can be expected to fully perform under the terms of such agreements. Frequently
 these institutions are members of the lender group providing our credit facility
In January 2011
 we entered into futures contracts
to fix the variable portion of the interest rate on $250 million of our variable rate debt. In August 2011
 we entered into two additional futures contracts to fix the variable portion of the interest rate for $150 million more of our variable rate
Our longer-term planning is focused on growing our sales
 earnings
and cash flows primarily by focusing on our existing business lines
 expanding product offerings
 increasing production capacity for value-added products and broadening customer bases. We believe our financial resources are sufficient to meet the
working capital and capital spending necessary to execute our longer-term plans. In executing these plans
 we expect to reduce debt over the coming years. However
 possible significant acquisition activity could result in us seeking additional
financing resources
 which we would expect would be available to us if sought. At December&nbsp;29
 2012


our lease commitments and our long-term purchase commitments as of December&nbsp;29
 2012 for the years subsequent to 2012
 are as follows: 

















































1
208
998



13
672



6
694



2
909



1
185
723





10
685



6
161











2
670





40
139



5
686



9
805



7
784



16
864





1
929
525



353
856



582
096



468
390



525
183





182
615



37
629



72
698



67
117



5
171





231
594



42
292



84
335



84
004



20
963



























3
603
556



459
296



756
513



631
173



1
756
574
























Dividend to Michael Foods Holding
 Inc. (4)


128
563



11
688



46
750



46
750



23
375



























3
732
119



470
984



803
263



677
923



1
779
949































A substantial portion relates to egg contracts. Estimates of future open market egg prices and feed costs were used to derive these figures. Hence
 most of our purchase
obligations are subject to notable market price risk. 



The Company does not have any current obligations related to uncertain tax positions. Due to the uncertainty of the nature of its long-term positions
 the Company is
not able to reasonably estimate the timing of the long-term payments or the amount by which the liability will increase or decrease over time; therefore
 the long-term portion of the tax liability of $2.1 million is excluded from the preceding
table. See Note D to our consolidated financial statements. 



This obligation represents the amount of interest payable on the Michael Foods Holding
 Inc. 8.5% / 9.25% senior PIK notes issued December 18
 2012. We expect to fund
those payments by issuing dividends. 
 


We have entered into substantial purchase obligations to fulfill our egg and potato
requirements. We maintain long-term egg procurement contracts with numerous cooperatives and egg producers throughout the Midwestern and Eastern United States and Canada
 which supply approximately 57% of our annual external egg requirements. Most
of these contracts vary in length from 18 to 120 months. Two egg suppliers each provide more than 10% of our annual egg requirements. Based upon the best estimates available to us for grain and egg prices
 we project our purchases from our top five
contracted egg suppliers under existing contracts will approximate $336.3 million in 2013
 $258.1 million in 2014
 $251.5 million in 2015
 $222.5 million in 2016
 and $222.7 million in 2017. The 2013 amount represents approximately 42% of our
anticipated total egg requirements for the year. In addition
 we have contracts to purchase potatoes that expire in 2013. These contracts will supply approximately 53% of the Refrigerated Potato Products Division&#146;s raw potato needs in 2013. One
potato supplier is expected to provide approximately 28% of our 2013 potato requirements. We purchase our cheese from numerous vendors on the open market at prevailing market prices. Please see our Contractual Obligations chart above for our
estimated breakdown of these obligations during the coming years. 
We invested approximately $37.3 million in capital expenditures in 2012
 $45.2 million in 2011 and $42.9 million in 2010. For each of
these years
 capital expenditures related to expanding capacity for higher value-added products
 maintaining existing production facilities
 and replacing tractors and trailers
 among other projects. Capital spending of approximately $45 million is
planned for 2013 and is expected to be funded by operating cash flows. We expect these investments to improve manufacturing efficiencies


 through our M.G. Waldbaum Company
subsidiary
 the repayment of certain industrial revenue bonds used for the expansion of the wastewater treatment facilities of three municipalities where we have food processing facilities. In September 2012
 the City of Wakefield
 Nebraska
refinanced two bonds related to its wastewater treatment facility. The refinancing resulted in the combination of the remaining balances of the 2005 and 2007 series bonds into a 2012 series bond for $8.5 million at an annual interest rate of 4.57%.
We are required to pay the principal and interest payments related to these bonds
 which mature September&nbsp;15
 2017. These bonds are included in current maturities of long-term debt and long-term debt. The remaining principal balance for all
guaranteed bonds at December&nbsp;29
 2012 was approximately $10.2 million. 
We maintain property
 casualty
 product liability and other general insurance programs
 which we expect will have small increases in
premiums.&nbsp;We have experienced
 and expect to continue to experience


our financial condition and results of operations is based upon the consolidated financial statements
 which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The preparation of these
financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets
 liabilities
 revenues and expenses
 and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. On an on-going basis
 we evaluate
estimates
 including those related to the allowance for doubtful accounts
 goodwill and intangible assets
 accrued promotion costs
 accruals for insurance
 accruals for environmental matters
 valuation of financial instruments and income tax
regulations. We base these estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances
 the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets


 


 
We estimate the uncollectability of our accounts receivable and record an allowance for uncollectible accounts. In determining the
adequacy of the allowance
 we analyze the value of our customers&#146; financial statements
 historical collection experience
 aging of receivables and other economic and industry factors. It is possible that the accuracy of the estimation process


We assess
the impairment of identifiable intangibles
 long-lived assets and related goodwill annually or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. Factors that could trigger an impairment review include
significant under-performance relative to expected historical or projected future operating results
 significant changes in the use of acquired assets or our business strategy
 and significant negative industry or economic trends. 
The goodwill impairment test is performed at the reporting unit level; our reporting units represent our operating divisions: Egg
Products
 Refrigerated Potato Products and Cheese &amp; Other Dairy-Case Products. In conducting the goodwill impairment test
 we first perform a qualitative assessment to determine whether it is more-likely-than-not that the fair value of the
reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. If we conclude that the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying amount
 then a two-step quantitative test for goodwill impairment is performed for the appropriate reporting units
following the guidance within the Accounting Standards Codification. Otherwise


 we analyze actual and projected growth trends of the reporting units net sales
 gross margin and adjusted EBITDA and the results of prior quantitative
tests performed. We also assess critical areas that may impact our business including economic conditions
 market related exposures
 competition
 changes in product offerings and changes in key personnel. As part of the 2012 goodwill assessment
 we
engaged a third party to evaluate our reporting unit&#146;s fair values and will utilize the valuation as a basis for subsequent annual qualitative assessments. The 2012 valuation utilized a combination of the market approach using multiples of
adjusted EBITDA of comparable companies and the income approach utilizing a discounted cash flow analysis of future cash flows as basis for estimating fair value. Based on the assessment conducted
 no goodwill impairment charges were recorded in
Our definite-lived customer relationship intangible asset is being amortized over its estimated useful life and we
concluded as of December 29
 2012
 based upon our fair value analysis and low customer attrition


 the quantitative testing performed compares the
fair value and carrying value of the trademarks. Fair value is primarily determined on the basis of estimated discount value
 using the relief from royalty method. In our 2012 testing
 the fair value of our trademarks exceeded the carrying value and


 performance levels
 and historical promotion data and trends.
The vast majority of year-end liabilities associated with these activities are resolved within the following fiscal year and do not require highly uncertain long-term estimates. 
Customer incentive programs include customer rebates
 volume discounts and allowance programs. We have contractual arrangements with our
customers and utilize agreed-upon discounts to determine the accrued promotion costs related to these customers. In addition
 we have contractual arrangements with end-user customers and utilize historical experience to estimate this accrual.


 general liability and automobile liability costs. It
is our policy to record our self-insurance liabilities based on claims filed and an estimate of claims incurred but not yet reported. Any projection of losses concerning medical
 dental
 workers compensation
 general liability and automobile
liability is subject to a considerable degree of variability. Among the causes of this variability are unpredictable external factors affecting future rates
 including inflation (particularly for medical costs)
 litigation trends
 legal
interpretations
 benefit level changes and claim settlement patterns. 
We review environmental matters on a quarterly basis. Accruals for environmental matters are recorded when it is probable that a liability
has been incurred and the amount of the liability can be reasonably estimated
 based on current law and existing technologies. Accruals are adjusted periodically as assessment and remediation efforts progress or when additional technical or legal
information becomes available. Accruals for environmental liabilities are included in the balance sheet at undiscounted amounts and exclude claims for recoveries from insurance or other third parties. 
 




 which may adversely affect our operating results and financial position. When appropriate
 we seek to minimize our risks from commodity
price fluctuations through the use of derivative financial instruments
 such as commodity purchase contracts
 which are classified as derivatives along with other instruments relating primarily to corn
 soybean meal
 cheese
 energy related needs and
interest rates. The fair value of these financial instruments is based on estimated amounts
 which may fluctuate with market conditions. 

Income tax expense involves management judgment as to the ultimate resolution of any tax issues. Historically
 our assessments of the


 such that deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences
between financial reporting amounts and the tax bases of existing assets and liabilities based on currently enacted tax laws and tax rates in effect for the periods in which the differences are expected to reverse. Income tax expense is the tax
payable for the period plus the change during the period in deferred income taxes. Due to the size of our temporary differences
 a change in enacted state tax laws
 changes in the composition of our companies that file in a particular state
 or
changes in state apportionment factors can have a significant impact on our deferred tax provision and therefore on our overall effective tax rate for the current period. Likewise
 the size of our temporary differences and their expected reversals
generally result in our cash taxes being significantly more than tax expense reported in our consolidated financial statements. Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount more-likely-than-not
expected to be realized. We are included in a consolidated federal income tax return with MFI Holding. State income taxes are filed on either a combined or separate company basis. 
When evaluating our tax positions
 we account for uncertainty in income taxes in our consolidated financial statements. The evaluation of
a tax position is a two-step process
 the first step being recognition. We determine whether it is more-likely-than-not that a tax position will be sustained upon tax examination
 including resolution of any related appeals or litigation
 based on
only the technical merits of the position. If a tax position does not meet the more-likely-than-not threshold
 the benefit of that position is not recognized in our financial statements. The second step is measurement. The tax position is measured
as the largest amount of benefit that is more-likely-than-not of being realized upon ultimate resolution with a taxing authority. 


 we
make predictive assumptions regarding future stock price volatility
 employee exercise behavior
 dividend yield


 we estimate our future stock price volatility using the historical volatility of five publicly traded comparative companies in our industry over the expected term of
the option. If all other assumptions are held constant
 a one percentage point increase in our fiscal 2012 volatility assumption would increase the grant-date fair value of our Class&nbsp;A 2012 option awards by 3%. Our expected term represents the
period of time that options granted are expected to be outstanding
 based on historical data to estimate option exercise and employee termination within the valuation model. An increase in the expected term by one&nbsp;year
 leaving all other
assumptions constant
 would increase the grant date fair value of our Class&nbsp;A 2012 option awards by 9%. The risk-free interest rate for periods during the expected term of the options is based on the U.S. Treasury zero-coupon yield curve in
effect at the time of grant. 
 


 


























To the extent that actual outcomes differ from our assumptions
 we are not required to true up grant-date
fair value-based expense to final intrinsic values. However


financial statements for discussion on recent accounting pronouncements. 


these market risks through normal operating and financing activities and through the use of commodity contracts
 where practicable. We do not trade or use instruments with the objective of earning financial gains on the commodity price fluctuations
The primary raw materials used in the production of eggs
are corn and soybean meal. We purchase these materials to feed our hens
 which produce approximately 28% of our annual egg requirements. Shell and liquid eggs are purchased from third-party suppliers and in the spot market for the remainder of the
Egg Products Division&#146;s needs. Eggs
 corn and soybean meal are commodities that are subject to significant price fluctuations due to market conditions which
 in certain circumstances
 can adversely affect the results of our operations.
In order to reduce the impact of changes in commodity prices on our operating results
 we have developed a risk management
strategy that includes the following elements: 





We seek to align our procurement and sales volumes by matching the percentage of variable pricing contracts that we have with our customers with the
percentage of raw materials procured on a variable basis. This matching of our variable-priced procurement contracts with variable-priced sales contracts provides us with a natural hedge during times of grain and egg market volatility. As part of
this effort
 most of our customer contracts are variable-pricing contracts that are priced off the same index used to purchase shell and liquid eggs
 compared to the longer duration fixed-price contracts of the past. Over the past several years
 we
have transitioned a significant number of our customers to variable-price contracts. This transition has allowed us to regularly adjust our pricing to reflect our current cost structure and it provides the customer with more transparency to their
costs. To the extent that the contracts are based upon grain inputs
 we try to cover a majority of the grain needed to supply that volume from either internal egg production or third-party procurement contracts
 which are generally priced based upon
grain indexes. The goal of this activity is to protect against unexpected increases in grain prices and to provide predictability with respect to a portion of future raw materials costs
 but there is no assurance that our risk management activities
will provide sufficient protection from price fluctuations. Hedging can diminish the opportunity to benefit from the improved margins that would result from an unanticipated decline in grain prices. 






We attempt to limit our exposure to fixed-price agreements due to the unprecedented volatility in grain costs the past few years. We try to limit
fixed-price contracts to one year or less in duration and typically hedge the grain costs associated with them to lock in the negotiated margin. 





We are continuing to transition customers from lower value-added egg products to higher margin
 higher value-added specialty products. These products
are less sensitive to fluctuations in underlying commodity prices because the raw material component is a smaller percentage of total cost and we generally have the ability to pass through to customers certain cost increases related to our higher
value-added egg products. 
 


We analyzed the estimated exposure to market risk associated with corn and soybean meal
futures contracts. These futures contracts had a notional value of $36.8 million for open commodity positions at December&nbsp;29
 2012. Market risk of $3.7 million is estimated as the potential loss in fair value on the open futures contracts
We partially mitigate some of our natural gas
requirements for producing our products by fixing the price for a portion of our natural gas usage
 when appropriate. At December&nbsp;29
 2012
 we had futures contracts for natural gas to cover approximately 21% of our estimated annual usage for
2013. At December&nbsp;29
 2012 the notional value of the futures contracts for natural gas was approximately $1 million
 with a market risk of $0.1 million. We also partially mitigate the risk of variability of our transportation-related fuel costs
through the use of home heating oil futures contracts. At December&nbsp;29
 2012
 we had futures contracts for transportation-related fuel to cover approximately 25% of our estimated annual usage for 2013. At December&nbsp;29
 2012 the notional
value of the futures contracts for transportation-related fuel was approximately $10 million
 with a market risk of $1 million. Market risk is estimated as the potential loss in fair value resulting from a hypothetical 10% adverse change in price.
Additionally
 there is market risk with interest rates. Debt obligations under our credit agreement of approximately
$765.7&nbsp;million carry a variable rate of interest. The interest paid on these obligations will float with changes in LIBOR interest rates. However
 the credit agreement includes a floor on LIBOR contracts of 1.25%. A change in the interest rate
on this debt could impact our earnings. The effect on pretax earnings in the next twelve months resulting from a hypothetical 1% increase to interest rates would approximate $7.7&nbsp;million to the extent it exceeds our LIBOR floor. At the current
rates
In
January 2011
 we entered into futures contracts to fix the variable portion of the interest rate on $250 million of our variable rate debt. In August 2011
 we entered into two additional futures contracts to fix the variable portion of the interest
rate for $150 million more of our variable rate debt. The following is a summary of the key contract terms: 




















November&nbsp;16
&nbsp;2012

November&nbsp;16
&nbsp;2013





November 16
 2012

November 16
 2014





November 16
 2012

May 16
 2015





June 16
 2013

June 16
 2015





June 16
 2013

June 16
 2015


ITEM&nbsp;7A&#151;QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE
See Item&nbsp;7&#151;Management&#146;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations&#151;Market Risk
 above. 
The consolidated financial statements and related notes and schedules required by this Item are set forth in Part IV
 Item&nbsp;15 herein.

On October&nbsp;13
 2011
 the Audit Committee of our Board of Directors (the &#147;Audit Committee&#148;) approved the dismissal of
The reports of PwC on
Michael Foods&#146; consolidated financial statements for the fiscal periods ended January&nbsp;1
 2011 and&nbsp;June&nbsp;26
 2010 did not contain any adverse opinion or disclaimer of opinion and were not qualified or modified as to uncertainty
During Michael Foods&#146; fiscal periods ended January&nbsp;1
 2011
and&nbsp;June&nbsp;26
 2010 and through October&nbsp;13
 2011
 there were (i)&nbsp;no &#147;disagreements&#148; as such term is described in Item&nbsp;304(a)(1)(iv) of Regulation S-K with PwC on any matter of accounting principle or practices
financial statement disclosure or auditing scope or procedure
 which disagreements if not resolved to the satisfaction of PwC would have caused PwC to make reference thereto in their reports on the consolidated financial statements for such years
and (ii)&nbsp;no &#147;reportable events&#148; as such term is defined in Item&nbsp;304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S-K. 
 


The Audit Committee conducted a competitive process to select a firm to serve as independent
registered public accounting firm for Michael Foods Group
 Inc. (&#147;Michael Foods&#148;). As a result of this process and following careful deliberation
 on October&nbsp;13
 2011 the Audit Committee approved the appointment of Ernst&nbsp;&amp;
Young LLP (&#147;E&amp;Y&#148;)
 as Michael Foods&#146; independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending December&nbsp;31
 2011. A Current Report on Form 8-K was filed by us with the SEC on October&nbsp;18
 2011 regarding
During Michael Foods&#146; fiscal periods ended January&nbsp;1
 2011 and&nbsp;June&nbsp;26
 2010 and through
October&nbsp;13
 2011


We maintain disclosure controls and procedures
 as defined in Exchange Act Rule
13a-15(e)
 that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 is recorded
 processed
 summarized
 and reported within
the time periods specified in the SEC&#146;s rules and forms
 and that such information is accumulated and communicated to the company&#146;s management
 including its chief executive officer and chief financial officer
 as appropriate to allow
timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Our management evaluated
 with the participation of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
 the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as
of December&nbsp;29
 2012. Based on this evaluation
 our principal executive and principal financial officers concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December&nbsp;29
 2012
 the end of the period covered by this
annual report. 
Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting
 as defined in Exchange
Act Rule 13a-15(f) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1)&nbsp;pertain to the maintenance of records that
 in
reasonable detail
 accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2)&nbsp;provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
 and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3)&nbsp;provide reasonable assurance regarding
prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use


 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also
 projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject
to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions


 with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
 evaluated the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in
 issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this evaluation under these criteria
 management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting
was effective as of December&nbsp;29
 2012
Changes in Internal Control over
There has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during our
fiscal quarter ended December&nbsp;29
 2012
 that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect


 




names of our executive officers and directors and their ages and positions are as follows: 

















James E. Dwyer
 Jr.





Chief&nbsp;Executive&nbsp;Officer
&nbsp;President&nbsp;and&nbsp;Director















Vice President
 General Counsel and Secretary















Vice President
 General Manager&#151;Retail







Vice President
 General Manager&#151;Foodservice







Vice&nbsp;President
&nbsp;General&nbsp;Manager&#151;Food Ingredient&nbsp;and&nbsp;International

























































James E. Dwyer
is our Chief Executive Officer and President and was hired into those positions in October 2009.
He was elected as a director of Michael Foods
 Inc. in December 2009 and became a member of MFI Holding&#146;s board of directors following the completion of the merger. Previously Mr.&nbsp;Dwyer held various executive positions with Ahold USA
 a
division of Ahold N.V.
 from January 2008 through October 2009. He was President of Single Step Consulting
 Inc. from October 2006 through December 2007 and was President
 Global Bath and Kitchen Products
 for American Standard Companies from 2004
through October 2006. Prior to that
 Mr.&nbsp;Dwyer was President of Tropicana Products
 a division of Pepsico. He began his career at Procter and Gamble and Kraft Foods


 positions held since January&nbsp;1
 2008. He was Senior Vice President-Finance in 2007. Mr.&nbsp;Westphal has
is our Vice
President
 General Counsel and Secretary. Ms.&nbsp;Wolski joined the Company as General Counsel in October 2008 and was elected Secretary and Vice President in 2009. Prior to joining us she was a shareholder in the Minneapolis law firm of Leonard
Street and Deinard
 PA
Thomas J. Jagiela
is our Senior Vice President-Operations and Supply Chain
 a position held since his hiring in March 2008. From 2005 to 2008 he was Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of Nellson Nutraceutical
 Inc. a food co-packer.
Previously Mr.&nbsp;Jagiela held various manufacturing-related positions at Pillsbury
 Inc. and General Mills
 Inc. 
is our Vice President and General Manager-Retail
 a position he has held since 2002. Mr.&nbsp;Anderson is
also the President of the Cheese&nbsp;&amp; Other Dairy-Case Products Division
 a position he has held since 2004. From 1995 to 2002
 Mr.&nbsp;Anderson held various management positions within the Cheese&nbsp;&amp; Other Dairy-Case Products
is our Vice President&nbsp;and General Manager-Foodservice
 a position he has held
since 2005. Mr.&nbsp;Elliott joined Michael Foods in 1995 and has held various sales positions


 a position he has held since 2005. Mr.&nbsp;O&#146;Brien joined Michael Foods as Vice
President and General Manager of Foodservice in 2002. From 1999 to 2001
 Mr.&nbsp;O&#146;Brien was President of KBC Trading and Processing Company
 a division of ConAgra Foods. From 1994 to 1999
 Mr.&nbsp;O&#146;Brien served as Vice
President&#151;International
 Trading and Processing Division
became a member
of the MFI Holding board of directors following the completion of the merger. Mr.&nbsp;Jones has been with Goldman
 Sachs&nbsp;&amp; Co. since 1994 and is a Managing Director in the Merchant Banking Division in New York where he focuses on
consumer-related and healthcare investment opportunities and sits on the Global Investment 
 


 
Committee. Mr.&nbsp;Jones is currently a director on the boards of Biomet
 Inc.
 Dollar General Corporation
 Education Management Corporation
 and HealthMarkets
 Inc. He previously served as a
director on the boards of Autocam Corporation from 2004 to 2007
 Signature Hospital
 LLC from 2006 to 2012
 and Burger King Holdings
 Inc. from 2002 to 2008. Mr.&nbsp;Jones holds an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School
 and B.A. from University
College
 Galway
 Ireland. He was chosen as a director based on his experience


 Sachs&nbsp;&amp; Co. since 2005; she is a
Managing Director of Goldman
 Sachs&nbsp;&amp; Co. and works in the Merchant Banking Division in New York where she focuses on consumer-related and industrial investment opportunities. Ms.&nbsp;Agnew is currently a director on the boards of Kenan
Advantage Group
 Sensus and Apple America Group. Prior to joining Goldman Sachs
 Ms.&nbsp;Agnew worked from 1999 to 2003 in the investment banking division of Merrill Lynch in New York. Ms.&nbsp;Agnew holds an A.B. degree from Harvard University.


 on a part-time basis
 to GS Capital
Partners
 including board service on companies in which GS Capital Partners has invested. Mr.&nbsp;Mullin is a director of the publicly held companies Johnson&nbsp;&amp; Johnson
 ACE
 Ltd.
 Education Management Corporation and previously served as a
director of BellSouth Corporation from 1998 through 2006. From 1997 to 2004
 Mr.&nbsp;Mullin served as the Chief Executive Officer
 and from 1999 to 2004
 the Chairman
 of Delta Airlines. Delta Airlines subsequently filed for bankruptcy protection
in September 2005. Mr.&nbsp;Mullin holds M.B.A.
 M.S.
 and A.B. degrees from Harvard University. Mr.&nbsp;Mullin was chosen as a director based on his exposure
 through his service as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of one of the nation&#146;s
largest airlines
 to a broad array of complex business and regulatory issues. Additionally
 his long career in the banking industry provides background on organizational and operational management and financial matters. 
 became a member of the MFI Holding board of directors following the completion of the merger.
Mr.&nbsp;Ostrander served as Chief Executive Officer of Michael Foods
 Inc. from 1994 through 2007
 and from April 2009 through October 2009. He has been a director of Michael Foods since 1994
 serving as Chairman from 2001 until the merger in 2010.
Mr.&nbsp;Ostrander is also a director of Carlisle Companies Inc.
 a construction materials firm. Mr.&nbsp;Ostrander formerly served as a director of Birds Eye Foods
 Inc.
 a food company
 from 2003 to 2009
 and Arctic Cat
 Inc.
 a recreational
vehicle manufacturer
 from 1994 to 2012. Mr.&nbsp;Ostrander was chosen as a director based on his first-hand knowledge of Michael Foods
 Inc.
 including its history and growth dating back over 15 years. 
became a member of the MFI Holding board of directors following the completion of the merger. Mr.&nbsp;Thym
has been with Goldman
 Sachs&nbsp;&amp; Co. since 1999 and is a Managing Director in the Merchant Banking Division in New York where he focuses on consumer-related and healthcare investment opportunities. Mr.&nbsp;Thym is currently a director on the
board of Acosta
 Inc.
 CCC Information Services Inc.
 and Contech Construction Products Holdings
 Inc.
 as well as an observer on several other boards. He holds an M.B.A. from Stanford Graduate School of Business
 and a B.A.
 with distinction
 from
Cornell University. Mr.&nbsp;Thym was chosen as a director based on his knowledge of financing and his experience in overseeing companies in the Goldman Sachs Capital Partners private-equity portfolio. 
Kent R. Weldon
a member of the Michael Foods
 Inc. board of directors from 2005 until the 2010 merger
 became a member of
the MFI Holding board of directors following the merger. Mr.&nbsp;Weldon has been with Thomas H. Lee Partners
 L.P. since 1995 (and previously from 1991 to 1993) and is a Managing Director. Mr.&nbsp;Weldon also serves as a director of Acosta
 Inc.
He was formerly a director of CC Media Holdings
 Inc. from 2008 to 2010
 of Nortek
 Inc. from 2004 to 2009
 of CMP Susquehanna Corp. and CMP Susquehanna Holdings Corp. from 2006 to 2008
 of FairPoint Communications
 Inc. from 2000 to 2007
 and of
Syratech Corporation from 1997 to 2005. He holds an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School
 and a B.A.
 
 from the University of Notre Dame. Mr.&nbsp;Weldon was chosen as a director based on his knowledge of Michael Foods
 Inc.
Report of the Audit
The Audit Committee reviews the Company&#146;s consolidated financial statements
 financial reporting process
The Committee
meets with management periodically to consider
 among other things
 the adequacy of the Company&#146;s financial disclosures and internal control over financial reporting. The Committee discusses these matters with the Company&#146;s independent
registered public accounting firm
 Ernst&nbsp;&amp; Young LLP
 and with appropriate Company financial personnel
 including the Company&#146;s Director of Internal Audit and Compliance. 
 


The Committee also appoints the independent registered public accounting firm
 approves the
scope of its audit services
 approves the performance of non-audit services by the independent registered public accounting firm
 and periodically reviews its performance and independence from management. 
The Board has adopted a written charter that describes the functions of the Audit Committee. Each year
 we review the actions required to
be taken by the Audit Committee under the charter
 confirm that they have been taken
 and report the same to the full Board. 
Management has primary responsibility for the Company&#146;s consolidated financial statements and the overall reporting process
including the Company&#146;s system of internal controls. The independent registered public accounting firm audits the annual consolidated financial statements prepared by management
 expresses an opinion as to whether those consolidated financial
statements fairly present the consolidated financial position
 results of operations and cash flows of the Company in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles and discusses with us any issues they believe should be raised with us.
We have reviewed the Company&#146;s audited consolidated financial statements and met with both management and
Ernst&nbsp;&amp; Young LLP to discuss these financial statements. Management has represented to us that these financial statements were prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles. We also considered the report
We have also reviewed management&#146;s assessment of the effectiveness
of the Company&#146;s internal control over financial reporting. Management has represented to us that the Company&#146;s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December&nbsp;29
 2012. 
We have received from and discussed with Ernst&nbsp;&amp; Young LLP (&#147;E&amp;Y&#148;) the written disclosures and the letter required
by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board Rule 3526
 related to the independence of E&amp;Y. We have also considered the compatibility of non-audit services with the independence of E&amp;Y. In addition
 we discussed with E&amp;Y any matters
required to be discussed by Statement on Auditing Standards No.&nbsp;61
 as amended by Statement on Auditing Standards No.&nbsp;90


 we recommended to the Board that the Company&#146;s audited consolidated financial statements be included in the Company&#146;s Form 10-K for the
fiscal year ended December&nbsp;29
Leo F. Mullin

<FONT

the members of our Audit Committee each have sufficient expertise and business and financial experience necessary to perform their duties as the Company&#146;s audit committee effectively. As such
 no one member of our audit committee has been named
by our Board of Directors as an &#147;audit committee financial expert&#148; as that term is defined in Item&nbsp;407(d)(5) of Regulation S-K. 
We have
a Business Conduct Policy that applies to all of our employees. We have determined that this policy complies with Item&nbsp;406 of Regulation S-K. We will provide
 without charge
 a copy of the Business Conduct Policy to any person who so requests
in writing. Written requests may be made to Michael Foods Group
 Inc.
 301 Carlson Parkway
 Suite 400
 Minnetonka
 Minnesota 55305; Attention: Secretary. Our Internet website at www.michaelfoods.com also contains the Business Conduct Policy.


compensation program is to ensure that our executives are compensated effectively in a manner consistent with our strategy and competitive considerations
 and based on management&#146;s performance in achieving our corporate goals and objectives.
Our executive compensation program is overseen by the Compensation Committee of our 
 


 
Board of Directors
 which is composed of three members. The Committee determines the compensation of our executive officers
 reviews and approves our incentive
 equity and other employee benefit
plans and programs
 and administers the plans and programs application to our executive officers. Some aspects of the compensation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer are determined by their employment agreements with the
Company
 as further discussed below. The Committee generally meets once annually. 
We believe that the skill
 talent
 judgment and dedication of our executive officers are critical factors affecting the long-term value of
our company. Therefore
 our goal is to maintain an executive compensation program that will fairly compensate our executives
 attract and retain qualified executives who are able to contribute to our long-term success
 induce performance consistent
with clearly defined corporate goals and align our executives&#146; long-term interests with those of our equity holders. Our current executive compensation program is mainly focused on adjusted EBITDA (earnings before interest
 taxes
 depreciation
amortization
Our goal is to provide overall compensation (assuming that targeted levels of
performance are achieved) that is at least above the median compensation of comparable companies. The elements of compensation included in any competitive analysis generally are base salaries
 annual cash incentive opportunities
 and long-term
Each year
 our management provides the Compensation
Committee with historical and prospective breakdowns of the total compensation components for each executive officer. Our decisions regarding compensation for our executive officers are based primarily upon our assessment of each individual&#146;s
performance and potential to enhance long-term equity holder value. We rely upon judgment and not upon rigid guidelines or formulas in determining the amount and mix of compensation elements for each executive officer. Factors affecting our judgment
include performance compared to goals established for the individual and the Company at the beginning of the year and/or over a multi-year period
 the nature and scope of the executive&#146;s responsibilities
 and their effectiveness in leading our
When we make executive compensation decisions
 we review individual performance and
corporate performance. The Compensation Committee measures performance against the specific goals established at the beginning of the fiscal year and determines the overall budget and targeted compensation for our executive officers. Our Chief
Executive Officer
 as the manager of the members of the executive team
 assesses the executives&#146; individual contributions to our goals
 as well as achievement of their individual goals
 and makes a recommendation to the Compensation Committee
with respect to any merit increase in salary and stock option grants for each member of the executive team
 other than himself. Annual incentive opportunity is set at the start of each year
 with the actual payment determined upon the relative
achievement of our annual adjusted EBITDA target
 which was $242 million for fiscal year 2012. Incentive payments are formula-driven using a pre-established grid (i.e.
 percentages over or under the target adjusted EBITDA level for the year). The
Committee has discretion to adjust the formula-derived incentive payments to take into account unusual factors that may have inhibited
 or enhanced
 achievement of the annual adjusted EBITDA target. The Compensation Committee evaluates
 discusses
and modifies or approves these recommendations and conducts a similar evaluation of the Chief Executive Officer&#146;s contributions to our corporate goals and achievement of his or her individual goals. 


 Chief Financial Officer and Vice President of Human Resources support the Compensation Committee in its work by providing information relating to our financial plans
performance assessments of our executive officers and other personnel-related data. In addition
 the committee has the authority under its charter to engage the services of outside advisors
 experts and others to assist it
 but has not done so in
recent years
 other than relative to executive recruitment matters. 
Our executive compensation program consists of the three components discussed below. In general
 the Compensation Committee&#146;s
Base
 The minimum annual base salaries of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer are established under employment agreements
 as described elsewhere herein. These agreements are negotiated with the Compensation
Committee
 but give consideration to the scope of each executive&#146;s responsibilities
 taking into account competitive market compensation based on occasional market surveys and salaries paid by comparable companies for similar positions. We
conduct performance reviews of our employees
 including our executive officers
 annually. Based on the 
 


 
performance assessments
 and considering changes in salaries provided comparable personnel of companies with whom we compete for management talent
 any changes in job duties and responsibilities
and our overall financial results
 we make adjustments
 usually on an annual basis
Annual
 Annual cash incentives for our executive officers are designed to reward performance that furthers profitable growth. In 2012
 the Compensation Committee approved an annual adjusted EBITDA target for the year. The
annual incentive awards for executive officers are determined on the basis of our relative achievement of this target. Our executive officers participate in our executive officer incentive program which is designed to motivate management to achieve
or exceed
 an adjusted EBITDA level relatively consistent with our annual operating plan. We do not use any mitigating incentive compensation features (such as claw-backs
 bonus banks
 or multi-year performance-driven criteria). Our incentive awards
are based only on annual adjusted EBITDA target achievement and are paid in cash in the following year. Incentive payments for the past fiscal year are made on
 or before
 March&nbsp;15th of the subsequent year. Incentive payments for 2012 were made
on March&nbsp;15
The Compensation Committee has at times exercised discretion to increase or reduce the incentive
amounts that resulted from the application of the formula in our executive officer incentive plan. While the committee made no such adjustments relative to amounts paid for 2012 performance
 it has the authority to do so in the future if it
determines that an adjustment would serve our interests and the goals of the executive officer incentive plan. 
 Generally
 a significant stock option grant is made in the year when an executive officer
commences employment. The Chief Executive Officer makes a recommendation relative to each individual under consideration for a stock option grant
 other than for themselves. The size of each grant is generally set at a level that the Compensation
Committee deems appropriate to create a meaningful opportunity for equity ownership based upon past grant guidelines
 the individual&#146;s position with us and the individual&#146;s potential for future responsibility and promotion. The relative
weight given to each of these factors will vary from individual to individual at the Compensation Committee&#146;s discretion based upon past grant levels for comparable positions
 the individual&#146;s potential to contribute to the growth of the
Company&#146;s business
 and the individual&#146;s potential for future promotion or to otherwise take on additional management responsibilities
 as well as to induce a candidate&#146;s acceptance of a position given the competition for management
When a new executive officer is hired
 an option grant will typically be made at the first regularly scheduled
meeting of the Compensation Committee after the officer commences employment or by the Committee&#146;s consent resolution. The exercise price of stock options is always equal to the price of our common stock
 as determined by the Compensation
Committee
Subsequent option grants may be made at varying times and in varying
amounts at the discretion of the Compensation Committee based upon the input of the Chief Executive Officer. Historically
 they have been made upon the adoption of a new equity incentive plan coinciding with a change in control and then subsequently
during annual performance reviews in January or February. Changes in titles and responsibilities are considered when follow-on options are granted
 as are other considerations taken into account in making grants when employment commences. Generally
option awards vest over five years
 on a pro rata basis
 and the number of shares for which options are awarded be sufficient to provide the recipient with a meaningful incentive to remain in our employment on an on-going basis. 
Executives may also be given an opportunity to invest in the Company directly. The level of equity investment opportunity is based upon
the executive&#146;s responsibilities and value to us
Perquisites
Our executive officers participate in the same group insurance and employee benefit plans as our other employees. The
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have their income tax preparation expenses paid by us. Our use of perquisites as an element of compensation is limited and is largely based on our historical practices and policies. We do not view
perquisites as a significant element of our comprehensive compensation structure
 but do believe that they can be used in conjunction with our general compensation program to attract
 motivate and retain desirable managers in a competitive
environment. 
 


 
The Compensation Committee has discussed and reviewed the Compensation Discussion and Analysis with management. Based upon this review and
discussion


 Chairperson 
Compensation Table
The following table sets forth information concerning the compensation of our Chief Executive Officer
 Chief Financial
Officer and each of our three most highly compensated executive officers
 referred to as the named executive officers
































































James E. Dwyer
 Jr.






750
000











562
500







340
245



1
652
745









750
000











140
625







43
232



933
857









750
000



1
750
000



2
343
459



624
975







21
535



5
489
969









459
952











298
969







12
340



771
261









450
000











73
125







12
140



535
265









450
000







937
385



345
015



2
249



157
556



1
892
205









307
117











149
719







14
402



471
238









299
462











36
504







14
062



350
029









290
425







266
635



166
995







79
700



803
755









246
282











160
084







11
857



418
223









240
143











39
023







11
515



290
681


Retail
 President
 Crystal Farms






233
022







429
633



178
658



4
688



11
542



857
544









262
982











128
204







13
720



404
906


Vice President
 General Counsel






254
775











31
057







11
682



297
515









242
901







218
721



139
668







11
608



612
898









Aggregate grant date fair value of options granted. Please see the Outstanding Equity Awards table for detail regarding stock option grants. Please also see Note I to
the consolidated financial statements for assumptions used. In March 2011 and again in December 2012
 MFI Holding Corporation repriced the options outstanding related to the respective dividends paid to its shareholders. The option plan contains
anti-dilution provisions so there was no impact on the fair value at the repricing. The performance-vesting Classes B through D options only vest and become exercisable upon a liquidity event as defined in the plan. Assuming a liquidity event with a
price per share that is equal to the the return on initial investment threshold
 there is no grant date fair value as all exercise prices exceed the threshold level for the perfomance-vesting options. 



Payments for 2012
 2011 and 2010 performance were made in the following March under our incentive plans. 



The amounts in this column reflect amounts recorded by&nbsp;the Predecessor for accounting purposes in connection with the M-Foods Holdings
 Inc. 2003 Deferred
Compensation Plan
 which was terminated June&nbsp;29
 2010. While an 8% return was recorded on funds contributed to the Deferred Compensation Plan for accounting purposes
 the proceeds that the individuals listed in this table actually received were
determined based on the amount of distributions to the holders of Class&nbsp;A Units of Michael Foods Investors
 LLC. The amounts reflected in this column represent the difference between the 8% recorded return and 5.88%
 which percentage is equal
to 120% of the 4.9% federal long-term interest rate as of the adoption of the Deferred Compensation Plan. 



Reflects the value of contributions made under the Retirement Savings Plan (a defined contribution plan) and the value of life insurance premiums paid by us. For
Mr.&nbsp;Dwyer
 the 2012 amount includes $331
169 reimbursement for costs associated with relocating to Minnesota and the 2011 amount includes $30
506 for commuting travel costs and reimbursement for personal country club dues. Also
 the 2010
amounts for Mr.&nbsp;Westphal and Mr.&nbsp;Jagiela include the value of earnings paid on stock options not factored into the grant date fair value due to acceleration of vesting upon the June 2010 change in control of $147
666 and $67
711
respectively. 
 


 






































James E. Dwyer
 Jr.
















51
136



562
500



750
000



















27
256



299
813



461
250



















13
649



150
142



230
987



















14
981



164
795



253
531



















11
694



128
636



197
902






 


Outstanding Equity Awards at December&nbsp;29
 2012 (1) 















































James E. Dwyer
 Jr.
























1
600.12



2
400.20

























6
984.68



2
872.87

















2
982.44



4
358.86

















2
232.02



5
349.52





















2
872.87





















4
358.86





















5
349.52




































































2
793.87



2
872.87

















1
192.98



4
358.86





















5
349.52





















2
872.87





















4
358.86





















5
349.52








































































2
872.87





















4
358.86





















5
349.52





















2
872.87





















4
358.86





















5
349.52




































































1
280.53



2
872.87





















4
358.86





















5
349.52





















2
872.87





















4
358.86





















5
349.52








































































2
872.87





















4
358.86





















5
349.52





















2
872.87





















4
358.86





















5
349.52













The time-vesting Class&nbsp;A options vest 20%&nbsp;per year beginning on the first anniversary of the grant date. The performance-vesting Classes B through D options
only vest upon consummation of a liquidity event as defined in the Plan. See the discussion below regarding the MFI Holding Corporation 2010 Equity Incentive Plan vesting provisions. 
 


 
Effective July&nbsp;30
 2010
 MFI Holding adopted the MFI Holding Corporation Equity Incentive Plan (the &#147;Plan&#148;) to
(a)&nbsp;assist the Company and its affiliated companies in recruiting and retaining employees
 directors and consultants; (b)&nbsp;provide employees
 directors and consultants with an incentive for productivity; and (c)&nbsp;provide employees
directors and consultants with an opportunity to share in the growth and value of the company. The maximum number of shares that may be subject to the Plan is 71
065. At December&nbsp;29
 2012
 there were 8
784 shares remaining available for
issuance. Under the form of option agreement used under the Plan
 the term of the options commences on the date of grant and expires on the tenth anniversary of the date of grant unless earlier terminated or cancelled. The exercise price per share
purchasable under each option will be determined by the Compensation Committee of the MFI Holding Board of Directors; provided
 however
 that such exercise price shall not be less than the fair market value of the share on the date such option is
granted. The Plan includes non-qualified time-vesting and performance-vesting options. The accounting and disclosure for the Plan are included in the notes to our financial statements. 
The time-vesting options (Class A) have a service condition and vest 20% on the anniversary date of the grant each year for five years
commencing on the first anniversary date of the grant. They also include a performance condition which is triggered upon the occurrence of a change in control
 at which time the option shall
 to the extent not then vested
 automatically become fully
vested and exercisable. Vested options may be exercised in whole or in part at any time and from time to time during the term by giving written notice of exercise. Upon exercise and execution of a Stockholders Agreement between MFI Holding and the
grantee
 shares will be issued to the grantee. In certain instances
 agreed to by the Compensation Committee of the MFI Holding Board of Directors
 payment for exercise and applicable withholding may be made with shares (issued or to be issued as
part of the exercise)
 and such shares to be valued at the fair market value on the date of such exercise. All shares received pursuant to time-vesting nonqualified stock option exercises will be subject to the Company&#146;s Stockholders Agreement
which grants the Company a call right with respect to such shares in the event of termination of the holder&#146;s employment. 
The performance-vesting awards (Classes B
 C and D) include three classes of options
 each granted at differing option strike prices.
Each class of performance-vesting options
 at the classes&#146; corresponding option strike price
 is treated as if it were a separate option
 each which may be exercised individually. The performance-vesting options become vested and exercisable
with respect to 100% of the aggregate number of the shares only upon the consummation of a liquidity event as defined in the Plan. For purposes of determining whether a liquidity event has occurred
 the applicable return on initial investment
Predecessor
The Predecessor had the 2003 Option Plan and the 2003 Deferred Compensation
Plan. In conjunction with the merger on June&nbsp;29
 2010
 payments were made to certain of the named executive officers related to the cancellation of the options awarded under the 2003 Option Plan. Certain of the named executive officers also
Employment Agreements
. The employment agreement with James E. Dwyer
 Jr. was effective as of June&nbsp;29
 2010 and
provides for automatic one-year renewals beginning with the second anniversary of the agreement&#146;s effective date. The Dwyer employment agreement provides that Mr.&nbsp;Dwyer&#146;s employment (i)&nbsp;shall terminate automatically upon his
death or disability
 (ii)&nbsp;may terminate at the option of the Company with or without cause and (iii)&nbsp;may terminate at the option of Mr.&nbsp;Dwyer. The Dwyer employment agreement provides that Mr.&nbsp;Dwyer will receive an annual base
salary of at least $750
000 and he will participate in certain bonus arrangements
 long-term incentive plans and employee benefit plans of Michael Foods. For 2012
 Mr.&nbsp;Dwyer was eligible to receive up to 100% of his salary as an incentive bonus


 2010 and provides for automatic one-year renewals beginning with the second anniversary of the agreement&#146;s effective
date. The Westphal employment agreement provides that Mr.&nbsp;Westphal&#146;s employment (i)&nbsp;shall terminate automatically upon his death or disability
 (ii)&nbsp;may terminate at the option of the Company with or without cause and
(iii)&nbsp;may terminate at the option of Mr.&nbsp;Westphal. The Westphal employment agreement provides that Mr.&nbsp;Westphal will receive an annual base salary of at least $450
000 and he will participate in certain bonus arrangements
 long-term
incentive plans and employee benefit plans of Michael Foods. For 2012
 Mr.&nbsp;Westphal was eligible to receive up to 100% of his salary as an incentive bonus under the Michael Foods Executive Officers Incentive Plan. Mr.&nbsp;Westphal is subject
to a noncompetition and nonsolicitation provision within his employment agreement. 
 


. The Dwyer employment agreement provides that if
Mr.&nbsp;Dwyer&#146;s employment is terminated by his death or disability
 Mr.&nbsp;Dwyer
 or his estate or beneficiaries
 will receive a payment equal to any annual base salary through the date of termination not yet paid
 plus the target bonus for
the year prorated for the months of employment in that year
 plus any eligible unpaid other benefits
 plus two times the total of Mr.&nbsp;Dwyer&#146;s current annual base salary and target bonus; assuming current base salary of $750
000
 the
termination payment would be $2
625
000. In addition
If
Mr.&nbsp;Dwyer&#146;s employment is terminated for cause or he terminates without good reason
 Mr.&nbsp;Dwyer will receive his annual base salary through the date of termination and other eligible unpaid welfare benefits. If Mr.&nbsp;Dwyer
terminates his employment for good reason
 which in all of our executive employment agreements includes
 among other things
 any diminution in position
 authority
 duties and responsibilities or any requirement to relocate or travel extensively
 or
if Michael Foods terminates his employment other than for cause
 death or disability
 Mr.&nbsp;Dwyer will receive a lump sum in an amount equal to any annual base salary through the date of termination not yet paid
 plus the target bonus for the
year prorated for the months of employment in that year
 plus any eligible unpaid welfare benefits
 plus two times the total of Mr.&nbsp;Dwyer&#146;s current annual base salary and target bonus; assuming current base salary of $750
000
 the
termination payment would be $2
625
000. In addition
 Mr.&nbsp;Dwyer will receive for 18 months following the termination date or until such earlier time as Mr.&nbsp;Dwyer becomes eligible to receive comparable benefits
 certain medical
 dental
 and
The Westphal employment agreement provides that if
Mr.&nbsp;Westphal&#146;s employment is terminated by his death or disability
 Mr.&nbsp;Westphal
 or his estate or beneficiaries
 will receive a payment equal to any annual base salary through the date of termination not yet paid
 plus the target
bonus for the year prorated for the months of employment in that year
 plus any eligible unpaid other benefits
 plus the total of Mr.&nbsp;Westphal&#146;s current annual base salary and target bonus; assuming current base salary of $461
250
 the
termination payment would be $761
063. In addition
 Mr.&nbsp;Westphal will receive for one year following the termination date or until such earlier time as Mr.&nbsp;Westphal becomes eligible to receive comparable benefits
 certain medical
 dental
If Mr.&nbsp;Westphal&#146;s employment is terminated for cause or he
terminates without good reason
 Mr.&nbsp;Westphal will receive his annual base salary through the date of termination and other benefits not yet paid under any plan
 program
 policy
 contract or agreement with or practice of Michael Foods. If
Mr.&nbsp;Westphal terminates his employment for good reason or if Michael Foods terminates his employment other than for cause
 death or disability
 Mr.&nbsp;Westphal will receive a lump sum in an amount equal to any annual base salary through the
date of termination not yet paid
 plus the target bonus for the year prorated for the months of employment in that year
 plus any eligible unpaid other benefits
 plus the total of Mr.&nbsp;Westphal&#146;s current annual base salary and target bonus;
assuming current base salary of $461
250
 the termination payment would be $761
063. In addition
 Mr.&nbsp;Westphal will receive for one year following the termination date or until such earlier time as Mr.&nbsp;Westphal becomes eligible to receive
comparable benefits
 certain medical
 dental
The MFI Holding
Corporation Equity Incentive Plan has change in control provisions under which named executive officers may
 under certain circumstances
 receive payment in an amount equal to the excess
 if any
 of the per share price paid or distributed to
stockholders in a change in control transaction over the exercise price of the option. Also


the Compensation Committee are Adrian Jones
 Oliver Thyme
 and Kent Weldon. The compensation arrangements for our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer were established pursuant to the terms of the respective employment agreements
between us and each executive officer. The terms of the employment agreements were established pursuant to arms-length negotiations between representatives of Goldman Sachs and each executive officer. No Compensation Committee interlock


 Inc. Executive Staff Incentive Plan
 which provide for cash bonuses of up
to 100% of base salary
 subject to our achieving certain financial performance objectives in any given fiscal year. The target goals set forth in these incentive plans change from year to year and are determined by our Compensation Committee.

 




who are also our employees or employees of Goldman Sachs or Thomas H. Lee Partners
 L.P.
 do not receive remuneration for serving as members of the board. Our non-employee outside directors
 who are not employees of Goldman Sachs and Thomas H. Lee
Partners
 L.P.
 each receive a quarterly retainer of $16
Directors&#146; fees and travel and reimbursed meeting expenses
incurred by us in 2012 totaled $135
253. The fees earned or paid in cash by us to non-employee outside directors for service as directors for the year ended December&nbsp;29
 2012 were as follows: 










































65
000







65
000





65
000







65
000

























































ITEM&nbsp;12&#151;SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS
Michael Foods Group
 Inc. is a corporation whose securities are 100% held by MFI Midco Corporation. MFI Midco Corporation
is a corporation whose securities are 100% held by Michael Foods Holding
 Inc. Michael Foods Holding


 as of March&nbsp;22
 2013
 concerning the beneficial ownership of MFI Holding common stock by: (i)&nbsp;each person or entity owning more than five percent of
the outstanding MFI Holding common stock and (ii)&nbsp;each stockholder of MFI Holding&#146;s board of directors
 each of our named executive officers for whom information is provided in Item&nbsp;11 hereof and all members of the board of directors
and executive officers as a group. MFI Holding&#146;s outstanding stock consists of 243
448.77 shares of common stock. To our knowledge
 each of these stockholders has sole voting and investment power as to the shares of stock shown unless otherwise
noted. Beneficial ownership of the stock listed in the table has been determined in accordance with the applicable rules and regulations promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended. 
 



















































181
444.76









50
471.41
















301 Carlson Parkway
 Suite 400
 Minnetonka
 MN 55305












2
018.85









1
514.14







































181
444.76









181
444.76



















1
009.42









181
444.76









50
471.41













238
376.48









(1) Includes
stock owned of record by each of the following entities (collectively
 the &#147;GS Funds&#148;): GS Capital Partners VI Fund
 L.P.
 84
696.72 shares; GS Capital Partners VI Offshore Fund
 L.P.
 70
447.76 shares; GS Capital Partners VI
GmbH&nbsp;&amp; Co. KG
 3
010.12 shares; and GS Capital Partners VI Parallel
 L.P 23
290.16 shares. Affiliates of The Goldman Sachs Group
 Inc. are the general partner
 managing general partner or other manager of each of the GS Funds
 and each of
the GS Funds shares voting and investment power with certain of its respective affiliates. Each of the GS Funds is affiliated with or managed by Goldman
 Sachs&nbsp;&amp; Co.
 which is wholly-owned
 directly and indirectly
 by The Goldman Sachs
Group
 Inc. Each of Goldman
 Sachs&nbsp;&amp; Co. and The Goldman Sachs Group
 Inc. disclaims beneficial ownership of the shares owned by each of the GS Funds
 except to the extent of their pecuniary interest therein
 if any. The address of each of
the GS Funds is 200 West Street
 New York
Nicole V. Agnew
 Adrian M. Jones and Oliver D. Thym are managing
directors of Goldman
 Sachs&nbsp;&amp; Co. As such
 Ms.&nbsp;Agnew and Messrs. Jones and Thym may be deemed to have shared voting and investment power over
 and therefore
 may be deemed to beneficially own
 shares of MFI Holding common stock owned
by the GS Funds. Each of Ms.&nbsp;Agnew and Messrs. Jones and Thym disclaim beneficial ownership of these shares except to the extent of their pecuniary interest therein
 if any. They hold no shares directly. 
(2) Includes stock directly owned of record by each of the following entities (collectively
 the &#147;THL Investors&#148;): Thomas H.
Lee Equity Fund V
 L.P.
 38
879.64 shares; Thomas H. Lee Parallel Fund V
 L.P.
 10
087.72 shares; Thomas H. Lee Equity (Cayman) Fund V
 L.P.
 535.50 shares (the three aforementioned entities
 the &#147;THL Funds&#148;); Thomas H. Lee Investors
Limited Partnership
 82.27 shares; 1997 Thomas H. Lee Nominee Trust
 88.32 shares (the &#147;1997 Trust&#148;); Great-West Investors LP
 303.84 shares (&#147;Great West&#148;); Putnam Investments Employees&#146; Securities Company I LLC
 260.94
shares; and Putnam Investments Employees&#146; Securities Company II LLC
 233.18 shares (together with Putnam Investments Employees&#146; Securities Company I LLC
 the &#147;Putnam Entities&#148;). 
The general partner of each of the THL Funds is THL Equity Advisors V
 LLC
 whose sole member is Thomas H. Lee Partners
 L.P.
 whose
general partner is Thomas H. Lee Advisors
 LLC (&#147;THL Advisors&#148;)
 whose managing member is THL Holdco
 LLC (&#147;THL Holdco&#148;). THL Investment Management Corp. is the general partner of Thomas H. Lee Investors Limited Partnership. The
1997 Trust is a trust with U.S. Bank
 N.A. serving as Trustee. Thomas H. Lee has voting and investment control over shares owned of record by the 1997 Trust. Putnam Investments Holdings
 LLC (&#147;Putnam Holdings&#148;) is the managing member of
the Putnam Entities. Putnam Investments
 LLC (&#147;Putnam Investments
&#148; and collectively with the Putnam Entities and Putnam Holdings
 &#147;Putnam&#148;) is the managing member of Putnam Holdings. Additionally
 THL Advisors is the
attorney-in-fact for Putnam Investments and Great West with respect to the shares of stock of MFI Holding. Each of the entities referenced above in this footnote disclaims beneficial ownership of the shares of common stock referenced in this
footnote except to the extent of its pecuniary interest therein. 
 


Thomas H. Lee Investors Limited Partnership
 the Putnam Entities
 Great West and the 1997
Trust are co-investment entities of the THL Funds
 and are contractually obligated to co-invest (and dispose of securities) alongside certain of the THL Funds on a pro rata basis. Voting and investment determinations with respect to the shares held
by the THL Funds are made by the management committee of THL Holdco. Anthony J. DiNovi and Scott M. Sperling are the members of the management committee of THL Holdco
 and as such may be deemed to share beneficial ownership of the shares held or
controlled by the THL Funds. Kent R. Weldon is a managing director of THL Holdco. Each of Messrs. DiNovi
 Sperling and Weldon disclaims beneficial ownership of such securities. 
The address of THL Holdco
 the THL Funds and each of Messrs. DiNovi
 Sperling and Weldon is c/o Thomas H. Lee Partners
 L.P.
 100 Federal
Street
 35th Floor
 Boston
 MA 02110. The address of the 1997 Trust is 767 Fifth Avenue
 6th Floor
 New York City
 NY 10153. The address of Putnam is One Post Office Square
 Boston
 MA 02109. The address of Great West is c/o Great-West Life and
Annuity Company
 8515 E. Orchard Road
 3T2
 Greenwood Village
(3) The address of Dwyer
 Westphal
 Jagiela
 Wolski
and Anderson is c/o Michael Foods Group
 Inc.
 301 Carlson Parkway
 Suite 400 Minnetonka
(4)
Mr.&nbsp;Mullin&#146;s address is 710 Fairfield Road
 Atlanta
(5) Mr.&nbsp;Ostrander&#146;s address is 21520
Fairview Street
 Greenwood
 MN 55331. 
The following table sets forth information as of December&nbsp;29
 2012. 



















Exercise
Options
&nbsp;Warrants


Options
 Warrants


Issuance
Under
















62
281



2
776.49



8
784

































62
281



2
776.49



8
784
























 


ITEM&nbsp;13&#151;CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE
Our Board of Directors has affirmatively determined that two of its seven current members are independent directors under
In determining
independence
 the Board of Directors affirmatively determines each year whether directors have any material relationship with us. When assessing the materiality of a director&#146;s relationship with us
 the Board of Directors considers all relevant
facts and circumstances
 not merely from the director&#146;s standpoint
 but also from the standpoint of the persons or organizations with which the director has an affiliation. Material relationships can include commercial
 banking
 industrial
consulting
 legal
 accounting
 charitable and familial relationships. The Board of Directors has concluded that no material relationship exists between us and any of our independent directors
 other than each such person&#146;s position as one of
In connection with the consummation of the 2010 merger
 MFI Holding entered into one or more Stockholders
Agreements and a registration rights agreement with the Sponsors and certain of their affiliates. These arrangements contain agreements among MFI Holding
 the Sponsors and the Management Stockholders with respect to election of directors
participation rights in equity offerings
 rights and restrictions relating to the issuance or transfer of shares
 including tag-along rights and drag-along rights
 registration rights
 information rights and other special corporate governance
provisions. MFI Holding also entered into a management agreement with certain affiliates of the Sponsors
GS Capital
Partners VI
Pursuant to the terms of the Stockholders Agreement (as defined below)
 GS Capital Partners has the
right to appoint four members to the board of directors of MFI Holding
 our indirect parent. An affiliate of GS Capital Partners is also entitled to receive an on-going management fee pursuant to the management agreement
 as described below.
GS Capital Partners and other private equity funds affiliated with Goldman
 Sachs&nbsp;&amp; Co. own approximately 74% of the
common stock of MFI Holding. In addition
 under the registration rights agreement
 we agreed to file a &#147;market-making&#148; prospectus in order to allow Goldman
 Sachs&nbsp;&amp; Co. to engage in market-making activities for the 9.75% senior
notes. Goldman Sachs&nbsp;&amp; Co. served as an initial purchaser in the initial offering of the 9.75% senior notes. Goldman Sachs Lending Partners LLC
 an affiliate of GS Capital Partners and its related investment funds
 served as the joint lead
arranger
 joint book runner
 syndication agent and a lender under our credit agreement. In addition
 Goldman
 Sachs&nbsp;&amp; Co.
 Goldman Sachs Lending Partners LLC and their affiliates may in the future engage in commercial banking
 investment
Thomas H. Lee Partners
 L.P. 
Pursuant to the terms of the Stockholders Agreement
 as described below
 THL has the right to appoint one member to MFI Holding&#146;s
board of directors. An affiliate of THL is also entitled to receive an on-going management fee pursuant to the management agreement
 as described below. THL and its related entities own approximately 21% of the common stock of MFI Holding.


 the THL Investors
 and the Management Stockholders pursuant to Contribution Agreements and Subscription Agreements. The
THL Investors and MFI Holding are party to a Contribution Agreement dated May&nbsp;20
 2010. The GS Funds and MFI Holding are party to a Subscription Agreement dated June&nbsp;29
 2010. Each member of Management Stockholders is party to a Management
Contribution Agreement and/or a Management Subscription Agreement with MFI Holding
 each dated June&nbsp;29
 2010. Pursuant to the Contribution Agreements
 on June&nbsp;29
 2010
 the THL Investors and certain of the Management Stockholders
rolled-over all or a portion of their investment in the Predecessor by contributing shares of the Predecessor to MFI Holding in exchange for shares of common stock of MFI Holding
 valued at $1
981.3193 per share. Pursuant to the Subscription
Agreements
 on June&nbsp;29
 2010
 the GS Funds and certain of the Management Stockholders subscribed for shares of common stock of MFI Holding for a cash purchase price of $1
981.3193 per share. Each of the Contribution Agreements and Subscription
Agreements contain typical issuer and stockholder representations and warranties. 
MFI Holding
 the GS Funds
 the THL Investors
 and the Management Stockholders are party to a Stockholders Agreement (the
&#147;Stockholders Agreement&#148;)
 dated June&nbsp;29
 2010. The Stockholders Agreement contains agreements with respect to election of directors
 participation rights in equity offerings
 rights and restrictions relating to the issuance or
transfer of shares
 including tag-along rights and bring-along rights
Pursuant to
the terms of the Stockholders Agreement
 subject to certain provisions regarding the termination of all or a portion of such rights as a result of transfer of shares to third parties
 a GS Fund has the right to appoint four members to MFI
Holding&#146;s board of directors and THL has the right to appoint one member to MFI Holding&#146;s board of directors. Additionally
 for long as James Dwyer shall serve as Chief Executive Officer of MFI Holding
 he shall be designated as a member
of MFI Holding&#146;s board of directors. Subject to certain rights and conditions
 all stockholders party to the Stockholders Agreement are required to vote their shares to elect or remove directors as designated pursuant to the Stockholders
Agreement. 
 


The Stockholders Agreement
 subject to certain exceptions
 imposes restrictions on the
transfer of capital stock of MFI Holding
 including (other than pursuant to the exercise of drag-along rights as described below and transfers to affiliates) transfers of capital stock of MFI Holding by the GS Funds and/or the THL Investors to a
third party prior to June&nbsp;29
 2013 that require the prior approval of the other Sponsor. Subject to certain exceptions
 Management Stockholders may not transfer their stock without the consent of the Sponsors holding a majority of the stock
held by the Sponsors. Subject to certain exceptions
 transfers are required to comply with the right of first offer and tag along provisions set forth in the Stockholders Agreement. Following the earlier of June&nbsp;29
 2013 or the approval of the
other Sponsor
 a Sponsor or Sponsors holding more than fifty percent of the stock of MFI Holding have &#147;drag-along&#148; rights to require the other stockholders to participate in a proposed sale of stock to a third party that would result in a
change of control transaction. With respect to the stock held by each Management Stockholder
 the Stockholder Agreement provides MFI Holding a call right in connection with the termination of such employee&#146;s service to the company. Stockholders
a party to the agreement also have pro rata preemptive rights with respect to certain equity issuances by MFI Holding. Finally
 subject to certain rights and conditions
 the prior written consent of the THL Investors is required to approve certain


 2010
 MFI Holding entered into a registration rights agreement (the &#147;Equity Registration Rights Agreement&#148;) with the GS Funds
 the THL Investors and the Management Stockholders
pursuant to which the holders of shares of common stock of MFI Holding are entitled to certain rights with respect to the registration of such shares under the Securities Act. The shares of common stock of MFI Holding held at any time by the parties
to the Equity Registration Rights Agreement are referred to as &#147;Registrable Securities.&#148; Subject to the terms and conditions of the Equity Registration Rights Agreement
 following the initial public offering of common stock or other equity
securities of MFI Holding or any of its subsidiaries
 each of the GS Funds and the THL Investors will be entitled to make demands for registration under the Securities Act of the resale of all or any portion of the Registrable Securities held by it
and its respective affiliates
 including the right to make demands for registration on Form&nbsp;S-3 if available to MFI Holding
 provided that MFI Holding will not be required to effect more than one demand registration requested by the THL
Investors in any twelve-month period. Subject to certain exceptions
 each holder of Registrable Securities will be entitled to participate in
 or &#147;piggyback&#148; on
 registrations of shares of MFI Holding&#146;s capital stock for sale by MFI
Holding or any other stockholder. These registration rights are subject to conditions and limitations
 including a minimum size requirement on any demand registration
 the right of underwriters to limit the number of shares to be included in a
registration and MFI Holding&#146;s right to delay or withdraw a registration statement under specified circumstances. MFI Holding has agreed to indemnify the holders of Registrable Securities with respect to certain liabilities under the securities
laws in connection with registrations pursuant to the Equity Registration Rights Agreement. 
Pursuant to the Management Agreement entered into on June&nbsp;29
 2010 in connection with the merger transactions
 Goldman
Sachs&nbsp;&amp; Co. and THL Managers V
 LLC (together
 the &#147;managers&#148;) render to Michael Foods and each of its subsidiaries
 certain management
 consulting
 financial and strategic advisory services. In consideration of those services
 we
pay to the managers quarterly an aggregate per annum management fee equal to the greater of: 





$2
250
000; or 





An amount equal to 1.0% of our consolidated earnings before interest
 taxes
 depreciation and amortization for that fiscal year
 but before deduction
We also indemnify the managers and their affiliates from and against all losses
 claims
damages and liabilities arising out of
 or related to
 the performance by them of the services pursuant to the management agreement and reimburse such parties for reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with performing such
On June&nbsp;29
 2010 MFI Holding paid the managers a one-time transaction fee in connection with the merger in an
aggregate amount equal to $16
750
000. We will also pay to the managers a 1% transaction fee (based on the total value of the transaction) in connection with certain transactions during the term of the management agreement
 including acquisitions
sales or dispositions of assets or equity interests or similar transactions involving the Company or any of its subsidiaries. 
The Predecessor had a similar management agreement with THL Managers V
 LLC where they paid an annual (which was pro-rated for the
pre-merger portion of fiscal year 2010) minimum of $1.5 million or 1% of adjusted EBITDA. 
We have entered into employment agreements with each of Messrs. Dwyer and Westphal. For more information regarding these agreements
 see
&#147;ITEM 11-Executive Compensation&#151;Employment Agreements.&#148; 
 




 MFI Holding entered into indemnification agreements with each of our directors. These agreements
 among other things
 will require us to indemnify each director to the
fullest extent permitted by Delaware law
 including indemnification of expenses such as attorneys&#146; fees
 judgments
 fines and settlement amounts incurred by the director in any action or proceeding
 including any action or proceeding by or in
right of us
Policies and Procedures for Reviewing Related
The Company has not adopted any written policies or procedures governing the review
 approval or
ratification of related party transactions. However
 our Board of Directors reviews
 approves or ratifies
 when necessary
 all transactions with related parties. We did not enter into any new related-party transactions during 2012. 


 (&#147;E&amp;Y&#148;) was our
principal accountant for the years ended December&nbsp;29
 2012 and December 31
 2011. The E&amp;Y audit services fees for 2012 and 2011 were $513
250 and $329


rendered during 2012 were $607
562. We did not incur audit-related fees from E&amp;Y in 2011. 
The E&amp;Y tax services fees for 2012 and 2011 were $116
994 and $5


category during 2012 or 2011. 
Under policies and procedures adopted by the Audit Committee of our Board of Directors
 our principal accountant may not be engaged to
provide non-audit services that are prohibited by law or regulation to be provided by it
 nor may our principal accountant be engaged to provide any other non-audit service unless the Audit Committee or its Chairman pre-approve the engagement of our
accountant to provide both audit and permissible non-audit services. If the Chairman pre-approves any engagement or fees
 he is to make a report to the full audit committee at its next meeting. All services provided by our principal accountant(s) in
2012 were pre-approved by the Audit Committee or its Chairman. 


 and the related Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
 are included in this report: 
MICHAEL FOODS GROUP


 2012 and December&nbsp;31
Consolidated
Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the years ended December&nbsp;29
 2012
&nbsp;December&nbsp;31
 2011
 the six-month periods ended January&nbsp;1
 2011 and June&nbsp;26
 2010 
 


Consolidated Statements of Shareholder&#146;s Equity for the years ended December&nbsp;29
2012
&nbsp;December&nbsp;31
 2011
 the six-month periods ended January&nbsp;1
 2011 and June&nbsp;26
Consolidated Statements of Cash
Flows for the years ended December&nbsp;29
 2012
&nbsp;December&nbsp;31
 2011
 the six-month periods ended January&nbsp;1
 2011 and June&nbsp;26


The following financial statement schedule is included in this report and should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and Report of
Michael Foods Group
 Inc.&#151;Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 
All other schedules are omitted
 as the required information is not applicable or the information is presented in the financial statements or related
notes. 
















Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Michael Foods Group
 Inc.
 as amended.






Amended and Restated Bylaws of Michael Foods Group
 Inc.






Indenture
 dated as of June&nbsp;29
 2010
 among Michael Foods Group
 Inc.
 the guarantors party thereto and Wells Fargo Bank
 National Association
 as
Trustee.






Exchange and Registration Rights Agreement
 dated June&nbsp;29
 2010
 by and among Michael Foods Group
 Inc.
 the guarantors party thereto
 Goldman
 Sachs &amp; Co.
 Banc of
America Securities LLC and Barclays Capital Inc. as representatives of the several purchasers named in Schedule 1 thereto.













Amended and Restated Credit Agreement
 dated as of February&nbsp;25
 2011
 among Michael Foods Group
 Inc. (f/k/a M-Foods Holdings
 Inc.)
 MFI Midco Corporation
 Bank of America
N.A.
 as administrative agent
 swing line lender and L/C issuer
 the other lenders party thereto
 Merrill Lynch
 Pierce
 Fenner &amp; Smith Incorporated
 Goldman Sachs Lending Partners LLC and Barclays Capital
 as joint lead arrangers and
bookrunners
 Goldman Sachs Lending Partners LLC
 as syndication agent and Barclays Bank PLC
 Cooperatieve Centrale Raiffeisen Boerenleenbank B.A.
 &#147;Rabobank International&#148;
 New York Branch
 ING Capital LLC
 Northwest Farm Credit Services
PCA and Suntrust Bank
 as co-documentation agents.






Security Agreement
 dated June&nbsp;29
 2010
 by and among Michael Foods Group
 Inc.
 MFI Midco Corporation
 the Grantors party thereto and Bank of America
 N.A.
 as
administrative agent.






Registration Rights Agreement
 dated as of June&nbsp;29
 2010
 by and among MFI Holding
 the GS Capital Partners VI Funds
 the THL Funds and the Management
Stockholders.






Form of Indemnification Agreement
 dated as of June&nbsp;29
 2010 by and between MFI Holding and each Indemnitee.






MFI Holding Corporation Equity Incentive Plan
 adopted June&nbsp;29
 2010.




















Amended and Restated Employment Agreement by and among Michael Foods
 Inc. and James E. Dwyer
 Jr.
 dated as of June&nbsp;29
 2010.






Amended and Restated Employment Agreement between Michael Foods
 Inc. and Mark Westphal
 dated as of June&nbsp;29
 2010.

 



























Management Agreement
 dated June&nbsp;29
 2010
 among MFI Holding Corporation
 Goldman
 Sachs &amp; Co. and THL Managers V
 LLC.







First Amendment to Management Agreement
 effective June&nbsp;30
 2010
 among Michael Foods
 Inc.
 MFI Holding Corporation
 Goldman
 Sachs &amp; Co. and THL Managers V








Amendment No. 1 to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement
 effective December 7
 2012.






Computation of Ratio of Earnings to Fixed
Charges.






Subsidiaries of Michael Foods Group
 Inc.










































































Previously filed with Form S-4 Registration Statement (Registration No. 333-173400) dated June&nbsp;21
 2011. 
 


 



MICHAEL FOODS GROUP























































































June&nbsp;26
 2010


2
210











2
159




















January&nbsp;1
 2011

















December&nbsp;31
 2011

















December&nbsp;29
 2012














1
139


 




 the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly
authorized. 










MICHAEL FOODS GROUP
 INC.












Date: March&nbsp;22
 2013






 J







James E. Dwyer


 President and Director)






Date: March&nbsp;22
 2013















 Senior Vice President
Principal Accounting
Officer)
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 this report has been signed below by
the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated: 
















March&nbsp;22
 2013
















March&nbsp;22
 2013
















March&nbsp;22
 2013
















March&nbsp;22
 2013
















March&nbsp;22
 2013
















March&nbsp;22
 2013








 


 
The Board of Directors and Shareholder of Michael Foods Group
 Inc. 
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Michael Foods Group
 Inc. and subsidiaries&nbsp;as of December&nbsp;29
 2012 and
December&nbsp;31
 2011 and the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss)
 shareholder&#146;s equity
 and cash flows for the years then ended.&nbsp;Our audits also included the financial statement schedule listed
in Item&nbsp;15(a) of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. These financial statements and schedule are the responsibility of the Company&#146;s management.&nbsp;Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements and schedule based
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States).
Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. We were not engaged to perform an audit of the Company&#146;s internal control over
financial reporting. Our audits included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances
 but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the
effectiveness of the Company&#146;s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly
 we express no such opinion. An audit also includes examining
 on a test basis
 evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements
assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
 and evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
In our opinion
 the financial statements referred&nbsp;to above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the consolidated financial position of Michael
Foods Group
 Inc. and subsidiaries&nbsp;at December&nbsp;29
 2012 and December&nbsp;31
 2011
 and the consolidated results of their operations and their cash flows for the years then ended
 in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting
principles. Also
 in our opinion
 the related financial statement schedule referred to above
 when considered in relation to the basic financial statements taken as a whole
 presents fairly in all material respects the information set forth therein.

Minneapolis
March&nbsp;22
 2013

 


 
To the Board of Directors and Shareholder of Michael Foods Group


 the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss)
 of shareholders&#146; equity and of cash flows for the period from June&nbsp;27
 2010 through
January&nbsp;1
 2011 present fairly
 in all material respects
 the results of their operations and their cash flows for the period from June&nbsp;27
 2010 through January&nbsp;1
 2011 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in
the United States of America. In addition
 in our opinion
 the financial statement schedule listed in the accompanying index presents fairly
 in all material respects
 the information set forth therein when read in conjunction with the related
consolidated financial statements. These financial statements and financial statement schedule are the responsibility of the Company&#146;s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements and financial statement
schedule based on our audit. We conducted our audit of these statements in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining
 on a test basis
 evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements
 assessing the accounting
principles used and significant estimates made by management
 and evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
Minneapolis
March&nbsp;30
 2011 
 


 
To the Board of Directors and Shareholder of Michael Foods Group


 the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss) of stockholder&#146;s equity and of cash flows for the period from January&nbsp;3
 2010 through
June&nbsp;26
 2010 present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of M-Foods Holdings
 Inc. and its subsidiaries (the Predecessor)
 the results of their operations and their cash flows for the period from January&nbsp;3
 2010
through June&nbsp;26
 2010
 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. In addition
 in our opinion
 the financial statement schedule listed in the accompanying index presents fairly
 in all material
respects
 the information set forth therein when read in conjunction with the related consolidated financial statements. These financial statements and financial statement schedule are the responsibility of the Predecessor&#146;s management. Our
responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements and financial statement schedule based on our audit. We conducted our audit of these statements in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining
 on a test basis
 evidence supporting
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements
 assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
 and evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audit provides a


March&nbsp;30
 2011 
 


MICHAEL FOODS GROUP
 INC. 
 
(In thousands
 Except Share and Per Share Data) 















December&nbsp;29



December&nbsp;31


































43
274



68
118


Accounts receivable
 less allowances


164
025



143
071





153
171



158
522





8
780



1
420





9
665



10
596















378
915



381
727


Property
 Plant and Equipment












9
589



9
073





128
422



118
096





285
848



260
015












Total Property
 Plant and Equipment


423
859



387
184





159
195



98
220












Property
 Plant and Equipment
 net


264
664



288
964





830
017



829
846


Intangible assets
 net


554
408



585
208





39
436



46
027





7
908



9
084















2
075
348



2
140
856



































19
833



10
096





99
184



90
906















18
347



10
234





33
547



35
686





22
920



20
420





32
277



21
473















226
108



188
815


Long-term debt
 less current maturities


1
189
570



1
240
993





253
195



276
464





6
978



10
621






















Common stock
 $0.01 par value
 5
000 shares authorized and 100 shares issued and outstanding as of December&nbsp;29
 2012 and
December&nbsp;31
 2011












394
201



411
162





7
037



12
338





(1
741



















399
497



423
963















2
075
348



2
140
856












 
 


MICHAEL FOODS GROUP
 INC. 
 




























































December&nbsp;29



December&nbsp;31



January&nbsp;1



June&nbsp;26




















1
856
054



1
766
588



858
306



743
995





1
544
501



1
493
575



726
832



612
748























311
553



273
013



131
474



131
247


Selling
 general and administrative expenses


177
164



156
853



76
085



102
283

















14
730























134
389



116
160



55
389



14
234


Interest expense
 net


90
356



98
140



52
871



30
985



























3
527







31
238























44
473



14
103



3
256



(47
989





12
524











(13
765





1
855



































30
094



14
289



3
277



(34
283


























Change in fair value of derivatives
 net of tax


(2
413







2
092













































(2
204



(1
057



1
856



























27
890



13
232



5
133



(34
909




















 
 


MICHAEL FOODS GROUP
 INC. 
 
For the Periods Ended December&nbsp;29
 2012
&nbsp;December&nbsp;31
 2011
 January&nbsp;1
 2011
and&nbsp;June&nbsp;26
(In thousands
 except Company shares) 







































































































































Balance at January&nbsp;2
 2010










159
016



163
581



4
295



326
897













637
870











637
870













35
762











35
762

















(34
283







(34
283


Change in fair value of derivatives
 net of tax













































































Balance at June&nbsp;26
 2010










832
648



129
298



3
669



965
620



































































Balance at June&nbsp;27
 2010




































483
150











483
150













(15
374











(15
374













1
042











1
042

















3
277







3
277


Change in fair value of derivatives
 net of tax


















2
092



2
092






















































Balance at January&nbsp;1
 2011










468
818



3
277



1
520



473
615













1
947











1
947







































(59
868



(5
228







(65
096

















14
289







14
289


Change in fair value of derivatives
 net of tax













































































Balance at December&nbsp;31
 2011










411
162



12
338







423
963













2
121











2
121







































(19
374



(35
395







(54
769

















30
094







30
094


Change in fair value of derivatives
 net of tax


















(2
413



(2
413






















































Balance at December&nbsp;29
 2012










394
201



7
037



(1
741



399
497




























 
 


MICHAEL FOODS GROUP
 INC. 
 

























































December&nbsp;29



December&nbsp;31



January&nbsp;1



June&nbsp;26






































30
094



14
289



3
277



(34
283























66
846



66
446



33
718



28
550





30
800



30
800



16
044



7
459





7
965



7
914



4
119



1
828









1
845







10
475





2
155



2
164



1
578



1
570









1
123







10
133





(26
975



(9
342



(10
801



(14
894

















1
444





2
121



1
947



1
042



35
762























(21
289



(12
949



(14
611



1
440





5
546



(16
534



11
473






Prepaid expenses
 income taxes and other


(1
023



20
532



9
204



(6
847





8
149



20
760



11
573



(13
164





13
516



(5
826



4
711



14
676























117
905



123
169



71
327



43
823























(37
275



(45
230



(20
541



(22
354













(1
609
816





















(1
500























(37
275



(46
080



(1
630
039



(23
854























(49
330



(821
366



(14
675



(685
564









840
000



1
202
700



6
032





(1
374



(7
241



(52
337









(54
769



(65
096



(15
374

















483
150



637
870























(105
473



(53
703



1
603
464



(41
815









































(24
844



23
313



44
805



(21
877





68
118



44
805







87
061























43
274



68
118



44
805



65
184



























































75
654



83
863



25
343



30
595





43
385



(13
248



5
000



12
172




















Non-cash property
 plant and equipment under capital lease (see Note C)


5
145














 
 


 


 


 Inc. is a diversified producer and distributor of food products in three areas&#151;egg products
 cheese and other dairy-case products
 and refrigerated potato products. 
Michael Foods Group
 Inc. is a wholly-owned subsidiary of MFI Midco Corporation (&#147;Midco&#148; or &#147;Parent&#148;). Midco is a
wholly-owned subsidiary of Michael Foods Holding
 Inc. Michael Foods Holding
 Inc. is a wholly-owned subsidiary of MFI Holding Corporation (&#147;MFI Holding&#148;)
 whose security holders include affiliates of Goldman Sachs Capital Partners
affiliates and co-investors of Thomas H. Lee Partners L.P. and certain current and former members of management. 
 
As further discussed in Note B
 on June&nbsp;29
 2010
 M-Foods Holdings
 Inc. together with its subsidiaries
 the &#147;Predecessor
&#148;
merged with and into MFI Acquisition Corporation
 and the surviving entity was renamed Michael Foods Group
 Inc. (&#147;Michael Foods
&#148; &#147;Company
&#148; &#147;we
&#148; &#147;us
&#148; &#147;our&#148;). The merger was accounted for as a
business combination and a new accounting basis was established.&nbsp;Accordingly
 the accompanying consolidated financial statements are presented for two periods
 Company and Predecessor
 which relate to the accounting periods succeeding and
preceding the consummation of the merger.&nbsp;The Company and Predecessor periods have been separated by a vertical line on the face of the consolidated financial statements to highlight the fact that the financial information for such periods has
been prepared under two different historical-cost basis of accounting.&nbsp;The accounting policies followed by us in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements for the Company are consistent with those of the Predecessor and are
Also
 as discussed in Note B
 the Predecessor is
 collectively
 M-Foods Holdings
 Inc. and its
subsidiaries. The Michael Foods entity that filed reports with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (&#147;SEC&#148;) prior to the June&nbsp;29
 2010 merger was Michael Foods
 Inc.
 a direct
 wholly-owned subsidiary of M-Foods Holdings
 Inc.
In general
 the Michael Foods
 Inc. filings did not include financial information with respect to M-Foods Holdings
 Inc. Consequently
 certain Predecessor information herein is not directly comparable to information in the Michael Foods
 Inc.
filings. Prior to the merger
 M-Foods Holdings
 Inc. liabilities consisted solely of then outstanding senior subordinated notes and M-Foods Holdings
 Inc.&#146;s sole asset was the shares of Michael Foods
 Inc. 
 
The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and all wholly and majority owned subsidiaries in which it has
control. All significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated. The Company&#146;s investments in non-controlled entities in which it has the ability to exercise significant influence over operating and financial policies are


 2012. 
Fiscal year 2011 contained a 52-week period and ended December&nbsp;31
 2011. 
Fiscal six month period ended January&nbsp;1
 2011 contained 27 weeks. 
Fiscal six month period ended June&nbsp;26
 2010 contained 25 weeks. 


reported amounts of assets and liabilities
 related revenues and expenses and disclosure about contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements. Actual results could differ from the estimates used by management. 
 


 
Certain reclassifications of previously reported amounts on the balance sheet have been made to conform to the current year presentation.
The reclassifications had no impact on net earnings or operating cash flows. 
 
We consider all highly liquid temporary investments with original maturities of three months or less to be cash equivalents. Significantly
all of our cash is held with one financial institution. 
 
We grant credit to our customers in the normal course of business
 but generally do not require collateral or any other security to
support amounts due from customers. Management performs on-going credit evaluations of customers. We maintain an allowance for potential credit losses based on historical write-off experience which
 when realized
 have been within management&#146;s
expectations. The allowance was $1
139
000 and $875
000 at December&nbsp;29
 2012 and December&nbsp;31
 2011. 


 other than flocks
 are stated at the lower of cost (determined on a first-in
 first-out basis) or market. Flock inventory represents the cost of purchasing and raising flocks to laying
maturity. The costs included in our flock inventory include the costs of the chicks
 the feed fed to the birds
 and the labor and overhead costs incurred to operate the pullet facilities until the birds are transferred into the laying facilities
 at
Inventories consisted of the following as
of the years ended
 (in thousands): 














December&nbsp;29



December&nbsp;31














28
989



25
488





88
353



99
605





35
829



33
429















153
171



158
522












 
We are exposed to market risks from changes in commodity prices
 which may adversely affect our operating results and financial position.
When appropriate
 we seek to minimize our risks from commodity price fluctuations through the use of derivative financial instruments
 such as commodity purchase contracts
 which are classified as derivatives
 along with other instruments relating
primarily to corn
 soybean meal
 cheese and energy-related needs. We estimate fair values based on exchange-quoted prices
 adjusted as appropriate for differences in local markets. These differences are generally valued using inputs from broker or
dealer quotations
 or market transactions in either the listed or over-the-counter commodity markets. In such cases
 these derivative contracts are classified within Level&nbsp;2 of the fair value hierarchy. Changes in the fair values of these
contracts are recognized in the consolidated financial statements as a component of cost of sales or other comprehensive income (loss). The hedging-related financial instruments measured at fair value on a recurring basis are included in current
assets
In addition
 we seek to minimize our risks from interest rate
fluctuations through the use of interest rate swap contracts. These instruments are valued using standard calculations and models with inputs other than quoted market prices provided by our banking partners. The fair value of instruments may be
impacted by the Company&#146;s nonperformance risk
 which is estimated based upon the unsecured borrowing rates available to the Company. The borrowing rates available to the Company are considered a significant unobservable input used in the fair
value measurement of such instruments. As such
 they were included in the Level 3 fair value measurements as of December&nbsp;29
 2012 and December&nbsp;31
 2011. A 1% change in the unobservable input would have an approximately $0.1 million effect
on interest expense. Management has elected not to account for these instruments as designated hedges so changes in the fair values of these instruments are recognized in the consolidated financial statements as a component of interest expense. The
interest rate swap contract liability is measured at fair value on a recurring basis and the current portion of the liability is included in &#147;other accrued liabilities&#148; and the long-term portion is included in &#147;other long-term
liabilities&#148;. 
 


The following table provides a reconciliation of the beginning and ending balances of items
measured at fair value on a recurring basis that used Level 3
 significant unobservable inputs (in thousands): 



















December&nbsp;29



December&nbsp;31














6
500









2
372



6
500















8
872



6
500












The following table sets forth our hedging-related financial assets and liabilities measured on a recurring basis as of
the years ended December&nbsp;29
 2012 and December&nbsp;31
 2011 (in thousands): 














































































Fair Value Measurements As of December 29
 2012



































































































































1
607







1
607



























8
872











8
872























10
595







1
723



8
872

























Fair Value Measurements As of December 31
 2011























2
906







2
906













































2
906







2
906

















































































6
500











6
500























7
118











6
500




















The carrying amount of our debt (including current maturities) was $1.21 billion as of December&nbsp;29
 2012 and $1.25
billion as of December&nbsp;31
 2011. Based on current market rates provided primarily by various bank sources
 the fair value of this debt at December&nbsp;29
 2012 and December&nbsp;31
 2011 was estimated at $1.26 billion and $1.27 billion
respectively. Our cash equivalents
 accounts receivable
 accounts payable and other liabilities&#146; carrying value approximates fair value. 
 
Certain of our operating segments enter into derivative instruments
 such as corn and soybean meal futures
 which we believe provide an
economic hedge on future transactions and are designated as cash flow hedges. As the commodities being hedged are grain ingredients fed to our flocks
 the changes in the market value of such contracts have historically been
 and are expected to
continue to be
We actively monitor exposure to
commodity price risks and use derivative commodity instruments to manage the impact of certain of these risks. We use derivatives
 primarily futures contracts
 only for the purpose of managing risks associated with underlying commodity exposures.
Our futures contracts for grains are cash flow hedges of firm purchase 
 


 
commitments and anticipated production requirements
 as they reduce our exposure to changes in the cash price of the respective items and generally extend for less than one year. We expect that
within the next twelve months we will reclassify
 as earnings or losses


 we use derivative instruments to mitigate some of the risk associated with our energy-related needs and interest costs. We do not treat those futures contracts as hedging instruments and
therefore
 record the gains or losses related to them as a component of earnings in the period of change. We do not trade or use instruments with the objective of earning financial gains on the commodity price
 nor do we use instruments where there
is no underlying exposure. All derivatives are recognized at their fair value. For derivative instruments designated and qualifying as cash flow hedges
 the effective portion of the gain or loss on the derivative is reported as a component of other
comprehensive income or (loss) (&#147;AOCI&#148; or &#147;AOCL&#148;) in the equity section of our balance sheet and an associated amount is recorded in &#147;prepaid expenses and other current assets.&#148; The amounts carried in cash
 when
appropriate
 represent the fair value of our positions in excess of the margin requirements. We offset certain derivative asset and liability amounts where a legal right of offset exists. The amounts deferred are subsequently recognized in cost of
sales when the associated products are sold. The cost or benefit of contracts closed prior to the execution of the underlying purchase is deferred until the anticipated purchase occurs. As a result of the volatility of the markets
 deferred gains
and losses in AOCI or AOCL may fluctuate until the related contract is closed. Gains and losses on the derivative representing hedge ineffectiveness are recognized in current earnings. We do not exclude any items from our assessment of
ineffectiveness. During the years ended December&nbsp;29
 2012 and December 31
 2011
 we did not discontinue any cash flow hedges; therefore no reclassification of gains or losses into earnings was made during the period related to such items.
We had the following outstanding commodity-forward contracts for hedging of forecasted purchases of grain
 as of the years
ended (in thousands): 






























December&nbsp;29



December&nbsp;31



December&nbsp;29



December&nbsp;31




















3
060



6
375










Information on location and amounts of derivative fair values in the consolidated balance sheets is presented below
 as
of the years ended (in thousands): 

































December&nbsp;29
&nbsp;2012


December&nbsp;31
 2011













































(1
812



3
788





























































































(8
872







(6
500






















(1) Amounts represent the gross fair value of derivative assets and liabilities. The Company nets the derivative assets and liabilities
for each of its hedging programs
 including cash collateral
 when a master netting arrangement exists between the Company and the counterparty to the derivative contract. The amount or timing of cash collateral balances may impact the classification
of the derivative in the consolidated balance sheets. The gross fair value of the commodity grain contracts is exclusive of cash collateral receivable of $3.5 million and $0.2 million as of December&nbsp;29
 2012 and December&nbsp;31
 2011. The
gross fair value of the commodity energy contracts is exclusive of cash collateral receivable of $0.2 million and $0.9 million as of December&nbsp;29
 2012 and December&nbsp;31
 2011. 
The following table represents the effect of derivative instruments in cash flow hedging relationships on our Consolidated Statements of
Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 net of tax for the periods ended December&nbsp;29
 2012
&nbsp;December&nbsp;31
 2011
&nbsp;January&nbsp;1
 2011 and June&nbsp;26
 2010 (in thousands): 

 



































from
AOCI




Gain
(Loss)
























For the year ended December 29
 2012





&nbsp;(1
200





1
213































For the year ended December 31
 2011





 1
164





1
708































For the six months ended January 1
 2011





 1
806





































For the six months ended June 26
 2010
























































The following table represents the effect of derivative instruments not designated as hedging instruments on our
Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the periods ended December&nbsp;29
 2012
&nbsp;December&nbsp;31
 2011
&nbsp;January&nbsp;1
 2011 and June&nbsp;26
 2010 (in thousands): 

























Gain
(Loss)










December&nbsp;
29



December&nbsp;
31



January&nbsp;1



June&nbsp;26



















(1
017



































(2
372



(6
500






























 
Other comprehensive income (loss) is comprised of unrealized gains (losses) on cash flow hedges and foreign currency translation
adjustments. The components of changes in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)
 net of taxes
 were as follows (in thousands): 


















Derivatives























Balance at January 2
 2010






3
855



4
295












































Balance at June 26
 2010






4
005



3
669

















































Balance at June 27
 2010
















2
092







2
092






























Balance at January 1
 2011


1
756







1
520












































Balance at December 31
 2011


1
212













(2
413







(2
413






























Balance at December 29
 2012


(1
201







(1
741
















 





The income tax expense (benefit) allocated to derivatives was $1
425
 $326 and ($1
255) for the years ended December 29
 2012 and December 31
 2011 and the six-month
period ended January 1
 2011. The tax expense allocated to derivatives of the Predecessor was $466 for the six-month period ended June 26
 2010. 
Property
 Plant and Equipment 
The Company&#146;s property consists mainly of plants and equipment used in manufacturing activities. Assets acquired in the 2010 merger
were valued at allocated fair value
 and subsequent capital asset additions are recorded at cost
 which includes interest on significant projects. Depreciation is provided in amounts sufficient to relate the cost of depreciable assets to operations
over their estimated service lives
 principally on the straight-line basis. Estimated service lives range from 10-30 years for buildings and improvements and 3-15 years for machinery and equipment. Leasehold improvements are depreciated over the
life of the lease including any extensions
 the estimated service lives range from 5-15 years. Maintenance and repairs are charged to expense in the year incurred and renewals and betterments are capitalized. The costs and accumulated depreciation
of assets sold or disposed of are removed from the accounts and the resulting gain or loss is reflected in earnings. Plant and equipment are reviewed for impairment when conditions indicate an impairment or future impairment; the assets are either
We capitalized interest of $82
000
$374
000
 $86
000 and $133
000 in the years ended December&nbsp;29
 2012 and December&nbsp;31
 2011 and the six-month periods ended January&nbsp;1
 2011 and June&nbsp;26
 2010 relating to the construction and installation of property
 plant and
equipment. Our policy is to capitalize interest on all major projects where construction and/or installation continue for an extended period of time
 
We recognize as goodwill the excess cost of an acquired entity over the net amount assigned to assets acquired
 including intangible
assets with indefinite lives
 and liabilities assumed. Goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite lives (e.g.
 trademarks) are tested for impairment on an annual basis during the fourth quarter
 and between annual tests whenever there is an
impairment indicated. Fair values are estimated based on our best assessment of fair value compared to the corresponding carrying value of the reporting unit
 including goodwill. Impairment losses will be recognized whenever the fair value is less
than the carrying value of the related asset. None of our goodwill
 customer relationships or other intangible assets were impaired as of December&nbsp;29
 2012 and no impairment losses were recorded for the years ended December&nbsp;29
 2012
and&nbsp;December&nbsp;31
 2011 or the six-month periods ended January&nbsp;1
 2011 and June&nbsp;26
Approximately
$2.7 million of goodwill is deductible for tax purposes. The following table is a reconciliation of the carrying amount of goodwill by reportable segment as of December&nbsp;29
 2012 and December 31
 2011
 (in thousands): 













































































Balance as of January 1
 2011


688
250



92
806



48
538



829
594
























































Balance as of December&nbsp;31
 2011


688
339



92
882



48
625



829
846






































Balance as of December&nbsp;29
 2012


688
510



92
882



48
625



830
017




















We recognize an acquired intangible asset apart from goodwill whenever the asset arises from contractual or other legal
rights
 or whenever it is capable of being separated or divided from the acquired entity and sold
 transferred
 licensed
 rented or exchanged
 either individually or in combination with a related contract
 asset or liability. An intangible asset
other than goodwill is amortized over its estimated useful life unless that life is determined to be indefinite. Straight-line amortization reflects an appropriate allocation of the cost of intangible assets to earnings in proportion to the amount
of economic benefit obtained by the Company in each reporting period. The weighted average amortization period for our customer relationships is 17 years. Impairment losses are recognized if the carrying amount of an intangible asset subject to
amortization is not recoverable from expected future cash flows
 and its carrying amount exceeds its fair value. 
 


The following are our intangible assets
 other than goodwill
 as of the years ended
 (in
thousands): 














December&nbsp;29



December&nbsp;31











Amortized intangible assets
 principally customer relationships


521
000



521
000





(77
592



(46
792















443
408



474
208


Indefinite lived intangible assets
 trademarks


111
000



111
000















554
408



585
208












The intangible asset amortization expense was $30.8 million
 $30.8 million
 $16 million and $7.5 million in the years
ended December&nbsp;29
 2012 and December&nbsp;31
 2011 and the six-month periods ended January&nbsp;1
 2011 and June&nbsp;26
 2010. The estimated amortization expense for years 2013 through 2017 is as follows (in thousands): 












30
800





31
392





30
800





30
800





30
800


The above amortization expense forecast is an estimate. Actual amounts may change from such estimated amounts due to
additional intangible asset acquisitions
 potential impairment
 accelerated amortization
 or other events. 


thousands): 














December&nbsp;29



December&nbsp;31














46
027



48
545





1
374



7
241









(1
845





(7
965



(7
914















39
436



46
027












Our credit agreement was modified on December&nbsp;11
 2012 in connection with the issuance of senior PIK notes by
Michael Foods Holding
 Inc. Included in the additions to deferred financing costs were direct costs related to the amendment
 which were capitalized and will be amortized using the effective interest rate method over the remaining life of the credit
agreement. We also incurred third party fees that were expensed and included in selling
 general and administrative expenses. 
Also
 our credit agreement was previously amended and restated on February&nbsp;25
 2011. We capitalized the costs associated with the
amendment and restatement
 which are included in the additions to deferred financing costs above. Costs not capitalized
 related to lenders who chose not to participate in our amended and restated credit agreement
 were included in early
extinguishment of debt costs for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2011. 
 
We and our principal insurance carrier are parties to a pledge and security agreement and an escrow agreement for the guarantee of
deductible and/or loss limit reimbursement on workers compensation
 automobile and general liability claims. As of December 29
 2012 and December&nbsp;31
 2011
 we had approximately $5.7 million in the escrow collateral money market account at Bank
of New York Mellon. The funds in this account are restricted cash and the carrying value is included in long-term other assets on our balance sheet. 
 


 
Our Egg Products Division includes a subsidiary in Canada (MFI Food Canada Ltd.). Its financial statements are included in our
consolidated financial statements. The financial statements for the Canadian entity are measured in the local currency and then translated into U.S. dollars. The balance sheet accounts
 with the exception of retained earnings accounts
 are
translated using the current exchange rate at the balance sheet date and the operating results are translated using the average rates prevailing throughout the reporting period. The retained earnings equity accounts are translated at historical
average rates. Accumulated translation gains or losses are recorded in AOCI or AOCL and are included as a component of comprehensive income. Transactional gains and losses are reported in the statement of operations. Michael Foods
 Inc. holds a
Canadian dollar-denominated note receivable from the Canadian subsidiary. As a result
 we record the exchange-rate impact on that note as a component of earnings (loss) in the period of change. 
 
As of December&nbsp;29
 2012
 we have invested $2 million
 our 50% share of the capital funding of a joint venture
 in MFOSI
 LLC
 a
Delaware LLC (&#147;MFOSI&#148;). MFOSI owns 100% of its subsidiary
 Lang Fang MK Food Company Ltd.
 a Chinese egg products company. In July 2012
 we and our joint venture partner each issued a $2 million irrevocable standby letter of credit with
Bank of America
 N.A. as beneficiary. The letters of credit were established as a guarantee for a $4 million credit facility entered into by Lang Fang MK Food Company Ltd. and the China branch of Bank of America (see Note C). 
The Chinese company began producing finished product in October 2011 to support customer sales. We account for the joint venture under
the equity method of accounting. 


(1) Persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists&#151;A revenue transaction is initiated and
(2) Delivery has occurred or services have been rendered&#151;An

<FONT

Our shipping policy is FOB destination; therefore
 title to goods remains with us until delivered by the carrier to our customer.
Only a minor portion of our sales result in customer returns.&nbsp;An accrual is estimated based on historical trends and
reviewed periodically for adequacy. Revenue is appropriately reduced to reflect estimated returns. We are able to make a reasonable estimate of customer returns based upon historical trends due to the fact that our sales are not susceptible to
significant external factors
 the return period is short
Customer
incentive programs include customer rebates
 volume discounts and allowance programs. We have contractual arrangements with our customers and utilize agreed-upon discounts to determine the accrued promotion costs related to these customers. In
addition
 we have contractual arrangements with end-user customers and utilize historical experience to estimate this accrual. 
 


 
We promote our products with advertising
 consumer incentives
 and trade promotions. Such programs include
 but are not limited to
discounts
 coupons
 and fixed and volume-based incentive programs. Advertising costs are expensed as incurred and included in selling expenses. At retail
 we predominately use in-store promotional spending
 discounts and coupons.&nbsp;Such spending
is recorded as a reduction to sales based on amounts estimated as being due to customers and consumers at the end of a period.&nbsp;In foodservice
 we predominately use fixed and volume-based programs.&nbsp;Fixed marketing programs are expensed over
the period to which sales relate and are included in selling expenses.&nbsp;Volume&#150;based programs are recorded as a reduction to sales based on amounts estimated as being due to customers at the end of a period.&nbsp;Our advertising expense was
approximately $18.5 million
 $16.7 million
 $8.2 million and $7.7 million for the years ended December&nbsp;29
 2012 and December&nbsp;31
 2011 and the six-month periods ended January&nbsp;1
 2011 and June&nbsp;26
 2010. 
 



 our assessments of the ultimate resolution of tax issues have been reasonably accurate. The
Deferred income taxes are computed using the asset and
liability method
 such that deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between financial reporting amounts and the tax bases of existing assets and liabilities based on
currently enacted tax laws and tax rates in effect for the periods in which the differences are expected to reverse. Income tax expense is the tax payable for the period plus the change during the period in deferred income taxes. Due to the size of
our temporary differences
 changes in enacted state tax laws
 changes in the composition of our companies that file in a particular state
 or changes in state apportionment factors can have a significant impact on our deferred tax provision and
therefore on our overall effective tax rate for the current period. Likewise
 the size of our temporary differences and their expected reversals generally result in our cash taxes being significantly more than tax expense reported in our
consolidated financial statements. Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount more-likely-than-not expected to be realized. We are included in a consolidated federal income tax return with MFI
When evaluating our tax positions
 we
account for uncertainty in income taxes in our consolidated financial statements. The evaluation of a tax position is a two-step process
 the first step being recognition. We determine whether it is more-likely-than-not that a tax position will be
sustained upon tax examination
 including resolution of any related appeals or litigation
 based on only the technical merits of the position. If a tax position does not meet the more-likely-than-not threshold
 the benefit of that position is not
recognized in our financial statements. The second step is measurement. The tax position is measured as the largest amount of benefit that is more-likely-than-not of being realized upon ultimate resolution with a taxing authority. See Note D for
additional information. 
 
In May 2011
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#147;FASB&#148;) issued an update to accounting guidance for improved fair value
measurement and disclosures. The update represents converged guidance between U.S. GAAP and International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) resulting in common requirements for measuring fair value and for disclosing information about fair value
measurements. This new guidance was effective for our fiscal year beginning January&nbsp;1
 2012 and the adoption of this guidance did not have an impact on our financial position
 results of operations or cash flows. 
In June 2011
 the FASB issued guidance on presentation of comprehensive income that requires us to present components of other
comprehensive income and of net income in one continuous statement of comprehensive income
 or in two separate but consecutive statements. In December 2011
 the FASB issued a deferral of the effective date for presentations of reclassifications of
items out of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)
 see below for update. The option to report other comprehensive income within the statement of equity has been removed. This new presentation of comprehensive income was effective for our
fiscal year beginning January&nbsp;1
 2012 and we have presented in one continuous statement of comprehensive income. The adoption of this guidance did not have an impact on our financial position
 results of operations or cash flows. 
 


In September 2011
 the FASB issued guidance on goodwill impairment testing that gives
companies the option to perform a qualitative assessment that may allow them to skip the annual two-step test. The assessment examines qualitative factors to determine whether the existence of events or circumstances leads to a determination that it
is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is or is not less than its carrying amount. This new guidance was effective for our fiscal year beginning January&nbsp;1
 2012 and the adoption of this guidance did not have an impact
on our financial position
There was no other accounting pronouncement adopted during
the year ended December&nbsp;29
 2012 that had a material impact on our financial position
 operating results or disclosures. 
 
In July 2012
 the FASB issued new accounting guidance
 which amends the existing guidance
 related to impairment testing of
indefinite-lived intangible assets. The amendments allow the option of performing a qualitative impairment assessment before calculating the fair value of the intangible assets
 which could
 depending on the results of the assessment
 eliminate the
need for further impairment testing. The guidance is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after September&nbsp;15
 2012 with early adoption permitted. We do not expect the adoption of this guidance to have an impact on our financial
position
In February 2013
 the FASB updated the guidance requiring companies to report
in one place
 information about reclassifications of accumulated other comprehensive income (&#147;AOCI&#148;) and changes in AOCI balances. For significant items reclassified out of AOCI to net income in their entirety in the same reporting period
reporting is required about the effect of the reclassifications on the respective line items in the statement where net income is presented. For items that are not reclassified to net income in their entirety in the same reporting period
 a cross
reference to other disclosures currently required in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States is required. The above information must be presented in one place
 either parenthetically on the face of the financial
statements by income statement line item
 or in a note. The adoption of this updated guidance is effective for us beginning with fiscal year 2013. The adoption of this guidance is not expected to have a material impact on our financial position
There were no other new accounting pronouncements issued during the year ended
December&nbsp;29
 2012 that are expected to have material impacts on our financial position
 operating results or disclosures. 
 
On June&nbsp;29
 2010
 the Predecessor merged with and into MFI Acquisition Corporation
 and the surviving entity was
renamed Michael Foods Group
 Inc. We are an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of MFI Holding and the Predecessor was a wholly owned subsidiary of Michael Foods Investors
 LLC (&#147;Parent of Predecessor&#148;). The stockholders of MFI Holding are GS
Capital Partners VI Fund
 L.P. and its affiliates
 affiliates and co-investors of Thomas H. Lee Partners
 L.P.
 the Predecessor&#146;s largest stockholder prior to the transaction
 and certain current and former members of management. Under the
terms of the merger
 all outstanding Predecessor shares and stock options were purchased for approximately $1.675 billion
 which amount was financed through equity contributions
 our credit agreement and 9.75% senior notes. This purchase price was
In connection
with the merger
 the Predecessor incurred transaction expenses
 stock compensation expenses related to options outstanding at the time of the merger and certain other costs we paid on behalf of our parent resulting in a dividend. Substantially all
outstanding debt of the Predecessor was repaid. The Predecessor recorded a loss on the early extinguishment of debt related to the early repayment. Included in the loss on early extinguishment of debt were non-cash write-offs of unamortized deferred
financing costs and unamortized original issue discount. 
 


 
 















December&nbsp;29



December&nbsp;31
























765
723



806
800





430
000



430
000





3
338



4
688





10
685



10
379





8
833



10
042





1
104



1
615















19
833



10
096





10
280



12
435















1
189
570



1
240
993












Aggregate minimum principal maturities of long-term debt for the fiscal years following December&nbsp;29
 2012
 are as
follows (in thousands): 











19
833





5
190





2
389





2
095





1
783





1
188
393




 2012
 we had a $75 million multi-year revolving line of credit
 of which approximately $17.5 million matures June&nbsp;29
 2015 with the remaining $57.5 million maturing
February&nbsp;25
 2016. As of December&nbsp;29
 2012 and December 31
 2011


 maturing February&nbsp;25
 2018
 is currently under Eurodollar contracts and bears interest at 1.25%
 plus a 3% margin. On December&nbsp;27
 2012 and December&nbsp;30
 2011
 we made $40
million and $29 million voluntary prepayments on the term B loan. Subsequent to December 29
 2012
 we repaid an additional $10 million
 which was reflected in our current maturities of long-term debt balance. 
The credit agreement
 including the revolving line of credit and term&nbsp;B loan
 is collateralized by substantially all of our assets.
The credit agreement contains restrictive covenants
 including restrictions on dividends and distributions to shareholders
 a maximum leverage ratio
 a minimum interest coverage ratio and limitations on additional indebtedness and liens. Covenants
related to operating performance are primarily based on earnings before income taxes
 interest expense
 depreciation and amortization expense
 and other adjustments as defined in the credit agreement. For the year ended December&nbsp;29
 2012
 the
maximum leverage ratio requirement was 6.75 to 1.00 and the minimum interest coverage ratio requirement was 1.90 to 1.00. We were in compliance with all of the covenants under the credit agreement as of December&nbsp;29
 2012. 

At December&nbsp;29
 2012
 we had outstanding $430 million of 9.75% senior notes maturing on July&nbsp;15
 2018
 with Wells Fargo Bank
National Association as Trustee. The notes contain restrictive covenants
 including restrictions on dividends and distributions to shareholders. We were in compliance with all of the covenants under the notes as of December&nbsp;29
 2012. The notes
are general unsecured senior debt obligations that rank equally with all of 
 


 
our other unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness
 but are effectively junior to our secured indebtedness to the extent of the value of the assets securing that indebtedness
 including amounts


 2014. At December&nbsp;29
 2012
 the note had an effective interest rate of


 2012
 capital leases consisted of a variable rate lease secured by equipment used in our potato products facility maturing on December&nbsp;30
 2013
 with an outstanding balance of
$5
747
000 and an effective interest rate of 3.9%
 and a lease on our Winnipeg
 Manitoba egg products processing facility with an outstanding balance of $4
938
000
 which we renewed in July 2012 and now expires August&nbsp;31
 2022. 
















December&nbsp;29



December&nbsp;31











Property
 plant and equipment held under lease agreements


19
832



15
712





(5
492



(3
580















14
340



12
132














 through our M.G. Waldbaum Company subsidiary
 the repayment of certain industrial revenue bonds used for the expansion of the wastewater treatment facility in Wakefield
 Nebraska. We
are required to pay the principal and interest payments related to these bonds and therefore recorded this obligation as part of long-term debt. Effective September&nbsp;15
 2012
 the City of Wakefield
 Nebraska refinanced the outstanding bonds
related to its wastewater treatment facility. At December&nbsp;29
 2012
 we had approximately $8.5 million guarantee with respect to the refinanced 4.57% 2012 series bond maturing September&nbsp;15
 2017. 
In July 2012
 we and our China joint venture partner each issued a $2 million irrevocable standby letter of credit with Bank of America
N.A. as beneficiary. We have guaranteed
 through this standby letter of credit
 50% of a $4 million credit facility entered into by Lang Fang MK Food Company Ltd. and the China branch of Bank of America. At December&nbsp;29
 2012
 Lang Fang MK Food
Company Ltd. had $0.8 million outstanding under its credit facility and we have recorded our portion of the guarantee
 $0.4 million


 net
 are as follows (in thousands): 









































December&nbsp;29



December&nbsp;31



January&nbsp;1



June&nbsp;26






78
154



81
985



47
289



27
799





7
965



7
914



4
119



1
828





2
155



2
164



1
578



1
570





2
372



6
500
































































Interest expense
 net


90
356



98
140



52
871



30
985




















We have entered into six futures contracts to fix the variable portion of the interest rate on $400 million of our term
B loan. The average rate of the contracts is 2.73% and the last contract matures on June&nbsp;16
 2015. Because we do not treat those futures contracts as hedging instruments
 we record unrealized gains or losses as a component of earnings (loss) in
the period of change (see Note A). 
 


 
 










































December&nbsp;29



December&nbsp;31



January&nbsp;1



June&nbsp;26
























35
920



6
180



9
375









3
579



2
447



1
177



1
129























39
499



8
627



10
552



1
129









































(24
157



1
715



(10
026



(14
268























(2
855



(11
047































(26
975



(9
342



(10
801



(14
894























12
524











(13
765




















The components of the deferred tax assets and (liabilities) associated with the cumulative temporary differences
between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts for financial reporting purposes are as follows (in thousands): 














December&nbsp;29



December&nbsp;31
















(7
417



(6
974





1
957






Other
 primarily accrued expenses


13
265



8
501












Total gross deferred income taxes
 current


7
805









(1
761



















6
044



















(41
979



(51
784





(162
420



(174
271





(39
969



(40
041





(1
370



(1
131





2
179



1
766





(9
153



(11
681





5
026



5
451












Total gross deferred income taxes
 non-current


(247
686



(271
691





(5
509



(4
773















(253
195



(276
464















(247
151



(275
819












As of December&nbsp;29
 2012
 we have a valuation allowance of $7.3 million and the net increase during the year was
$2.4 million. The valuation allowance was recorded against the deferred tax assets related to our foreign subsidiary and our investment in the entity that owns our foreign joint venture
 based on management&#146;s judgment that it is
more-likely-than-not that the benefits of those deferred tax assets will not be realized in the future. The 2012 change in the valuation allowance relating to those deferred tax assets was due to a combination of currency rate fluctuations
 the
losses related to our foreign subsidiary and investment in our foreign joint venture
 and a change in the tax rate used to determine our deferred taxes. 
 


The following is a reconciliation of the federal statutory income tax rate to the
consolidated effective tax rate based on earnings (loss)
 before equity in losses of unconsolidated subsidiary: 









































December&nbsp;29



December&nbsp;31



January&nbsp;1



June&nbsp;26





















State taxes
 net of federal impact

































































































































































The effective tax rates for the years ended December&nbsp;29
 2012 and December&nbsp;31
 2011 were impacted by a change
in the state tax rate used to determine our deferred income tax assets and liabilities. That rate changed due to changes in enacted state laws
 changes in the composition of the groups that file in certain states and other changes to the
We have foreign net operating loss
Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes
































December&nbsp;29



December&nbsp;31



January&nbsp;1



June&nbsp;26




















4
121



3
791



4
873



3
198





















































1
675





(1
792





















































2
079



4
121



3
791



4
873




















The total liability associated with unrecognized tax benefits that
 if recognized
 would impact the effective tax rate
was approximately $1 million at December&nbsp;29
The Company accrues interest and penalties associated with
unrecognized tax benefits as interest expense in the consolidated statement of operations
 and the corresponding liability in accrued interest in the consolidated balance sheet. Expenses of approximately $0.1 million and $0.1 million for interest
and penalties were reflected in the consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2011 and the six-month period ended June&nbsp;26
 2010. In the statement of 
 


 
operations for the year ended December&nbsp;29
 2012 and six months ended January&nbsp;1
 2011
 we had a benefit of approximately $0.2 million and $0.1 million reflecting the effect of the
closing of statutes of limitations and settlements with taxing authorities. The corresponding liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet were approximately $0.8 million and $1 million at December&nbsp;29
 2012 and December&nbsp;31
 2011.
Included in the balance of unrecognized tax benefits for 2012 are tax positions for which it is reasonably possible that the
total amounts could significantly change during the next twelve months. We estimate that it is reasonably possible that $0.4 million to $0.6 million of unrecognized tax benefits could significantly change during the next twelve months. This amount
Our uncertain tax
positions are related to tax years that remain subject to examination. As of December&nbsp;29
 2012
 the United States
 Minnesota
 New Jersey and Wisconsin jurisdictions remain subject to examination for tax years 2008 through 2012. The Iowa
jurisdiction remains subject to examination for the tax years 2009 through 2012. 
 
Employees who meet certain service requirements are eligible to participate in a defined contribution retirement plan.
We match up to 4% of each participant&#146;s eligible compensation. Our matching contributions were $3.4 million
 $3.4 million
 $1.8 million and $1.6 million in the years ended December&nbsp;29
 2012 and December&nbsp;31
 2011 and the six-month
periods ended January&nbsp;1
 2011 and June&nbsp;26
We also contribute to one union-defined contribution retirement
plan which totaled $40
000
 $31
000
 $21
000 and $19
000 for the years ended December&nbsp;29
 2012 and December&nbsp;31
 2011 and the six-month periods ended January&nbsp;1
 2011 and June&nbsp;26
 2010. 
 
Pursuant to a Management Agreement with Goldman
 Sachs&nbsp;&amp; Co. and THL Managers V
 LLC
 (together
 the
&#147;managers&#148;) we pay the managers an annual fee of the greater of $2.25 million or 1.0% of consolidated earnings before interest
 taxes
 depreciation and amortization
 whichever is greater. The Predecessor had a similar agreement with THL
Managers V
 LLC. The management fees were approximately $2.4 million
 $2.3 million
 $1.1 million and $1.1 million in the years ended December&nbsp;29
 2012 and December&nbsp;31
 2011 and the six-month periods ended January&nbsp;1
 2011 and
June&nbsp;26
 2010 and were included in selling
On June&nbsp;29
 2010
 MFI Holding paid
the managers a one-time transaction fee in connection with the merger in an aggregate amount equal to $16.75 million. This fee consisted of Predecessor transaction costs
 debt financing costs and buyer-related transaction costs. We will also pay to
the managers a 1% transaction fee (based on the total value of the transaction) in connection with certain transactions during the term of the Management Agreement
 including acquisitions
 sales or dispositions of assets or equity interests or
similar transactions involving the Company or any of its subsidiaries. 
 


 insurance
and maintenance expenses are our obligations. In addition


 including real estate taxes and maintenance expenses
 was approximately $7.2 million
 $8.8 million
 $4.5 million
 and $4.5 million for the years ended December&nbsp;29
 2012 and
December&nbsp;31
 2011 and the six-month periods ended January&nbsp;1
 2011 and June&nbsp;26
 2010. 
 


The following is a schedule of minimum rental commitments for base rent for the years ending
(in thousands): 











 5
686





5
013





4
792





4
286





3
498





16
864




 we have guaranteed the repayment of two industrial revenue bonds used for the expansion of two wastewater treatment facilities in a Minnesota
municipality and an Iowa municipality where we have manufacturing facilities. The repayment of these bonds is funded through the wastewater treatment charges paid by us. However
 should those charges not be sufficient to pay the bond payments as
they become due
 we have agreed to pay any shortfall. At December&nbsp;29
 2012


obligations to fulfill our egg and potato requirements. We maintain long-term egg procurement contracts with numerous cooperatives and egg producers throughout the Midwestern and Eastern United States and Canada
 which supply approximately 57% of
our annual external egg requirements. Most of these contracts vary in length from 18 to 120 months. The egg prices are primarily indexed to grain or Urner Barry market indices. Two egg suppliers each provide more than 10% of our annual egg
requirements. Based upon the best estimates available to us for grain and egg prices
 we project our purchases from our top five contracted egg suppliers under existing contracts will approximate $336.3 million in 2013
 $258.1 million in 2014
$251.5 million in 2015
 $222.5 million in 2016
 and $222.7 million in 2017. The 2013 amount represents approximately 42% of our anticipated total egg requirements for the year. In addition
 we have contracts to purchase potatoes that expire in 2013.
These contracts will supply approximately 53% of the Refrigerated Potato Products Division&#146;s raw potato needs in 2013. One potato supplier is expected to provide approximately 28% of our 2013 potato requirements. We purchase our cheese from
numerous vendors on the open market at prevailing market prices. 
: In late 2008 and early 2009
 some 22 class-action lawsuits were filed in various federal courts against Michael
Foods
 Inc. and approximately 20 other defendants (producers of shell eggs
 manufacturers of processed egg products
 and egg industry organizations)
 alleging violations of federal and state antitrust laws in connection with the production and sale
of shell eggs and processed-egg products
 and seeking unspecified damages. Plaintiffs seek to represent nationwide classes of direct and indirect purchasers
 and allege that defendants conspired to reduce the supply of eggs by participating in
animal husbandry
 egg-export and other programs of various egg-industry associations. In December 2008
 the Judicial Panel on Multidistrict Litigation ordered the transfer of all cases to the Eastern District of Pennsylvania for coordinated and/or
consolidated pretrial proceedings. Between late 2010 and early 2012
 a number of companies
 each of which would be part of the purported class in the antitrust action
 brought separate actions against defendants. These &#147;tag-along&#148; cases
brought primarily by various grocery chains and food companies
 assert essentially the same allegations as the Second Consolidated Amended Complaint in the main action. All but one of the tag-along cases were either filed in or transferred to the
Eastern District of Pennsylvania where they are being treated as related to the main action; the one tag-along case where pretrial proceedings are not under the jurisdiction of the Eastern District of Pennsylvania was brought by a retail grocery
We received a Civil Investigative Demand
(&#147;CID&#148;) issued by the Florida Attorney General on November&nbsp;17
 2008
 regarding an investigation of possible anticompetitive activities &#147;relating to the production and sale of eggs or egg products.&#148; The CID requested
information and documents related to the pricing and supply of shell eggs and egg products
 as well as our participation in various programs of United Egg Producers. We have fully cooperated with the Florida Attorney General&#146;s Office to date.
Patent infringement
litigation
 2010
 National Pasteurized Eggs
 Inc. and National Pasteurized Eggs
 LLC (collectively &#147;NPE&#148;) commenced litigation against Michael Foods
 Inc. and several of its subsidiaries in U.S. District Court for
the Western District of Wisconsin. NPE alleged that our pasteurized shell eggs infringe on patents and trademarks that NPE owns or licenses. On April&nbsp;15
 2011
 Michael Foods
 Inc. commenced litigation against National Pasteurized Eggs
 Inc. in
U.S. District Court for the District of Minnesota
 alleging that National Pasteurized Eggs
 Inc.&#146;s production and sale of 
 


 
pasteurized shell eggs infringed three patents exclusively licensed to Michael Foods
 Inc. The cases were consolidated before the U.S. District Court for the Western District of Wisconsin. A jury
trial took place in June
 2012; the jury returned a verdict of patent infringement against Michael Foods and awarded $5.8 million in damages. The verdict does not affect Michael Foods&#146; ability to continue producing pasteurized shell eggs
 but
in response to the jury verdict
 we returned to process parameters that were in place prior to April
 2010. Several post-trial motions are pending before the trial court
 including a motion for reduction of the damages award. In June 2012
 we
recorded a liability of $5.8 million for the damages award; it is included in &#147;other current liabilities&#148; and &#147;selling
 general and administrative expenses.&#148; 
 On January&nbsp;28
 2010
 our subsidiary Papetti&#146;s Hygrade Egg
Products
 Inc. commenced suit in New Jersey Superior Court against the City of Elizabeth
 N.J. and Liberty Water Company. The suit alleges that City sewer charges
 which are billed by Liberty Water
 are arbitrary and inequitable. Papetti&#146;s
seeks a declaration that its sewer bills have been inaccurate at least since 2002
 and seeks invalidation of certain sewer-related charges and surcharges. In responding to the suit
 the City of Elizabeth counterclaimed on May&nbsp;7
 2010 that
Papetti&#146;s &#147;has not been charged the full and proper amount of sewage charges due to billing mistakes of Defendant Liberty Water Company
&#148; but did not allege any undercharged amount. On June&nbsp;1
 2011
 Liberty Water gave notice of
its belief that since 2004
 it underbilled Papetti&#146;s by some $6.5 million. In November of 2011
 Liberty Water issued invoices totaling $6.2 million to Papetti&#146;s in connection with the alleged underbilling. We have not recorded a liability
We do not believe it is possible to estimate any
possible loss in connection with these litigated matters. Accordingly
 we cannot predict what impact
 if any
 these matters and any results from such matters could have on our future results of operations. 
 In addition
 we are from time to time party to litigation
 administrative proceedings and union grievances that arise in
the ordinary course of business
 and occasionally pay non-material amounts to resolve claims and alleged violations of regulatory requirements. There are no pending &#147;ordinary course&#148; matters that
 separately or in the aggregate
 would
 in
the opinion of management
 have a material adverse effect on our operations
 financial condition or cash flow. 
 


 2012 and December&nbsp;31
 2011
 we had 5
000 shares of common stock authorized and 100 shares issued and outstanding with a $0.01 par value. All common shares were issued to Midco
 a
wholly owned subsidiary of Michael Foods Holding
 Inc.
Additional Paid In Capital
We recorded a non-cash capital investment from our parent of $292
000 in the year ended December&nbsp;29
 2012 related to
Dividend
On December&nbsp;18
 2012
 the Company used cash from operations to pay a $54 million cash dividend to its parent
 Midco
which paid a dividend to its parent Michael Foods Holding
 Inc. 
 


 directors
and consultants; (b)&nbsp;provide employees
 directors and consultants with an incentive for productivity; and (c)&nbsp;provide employees
 directors and consultants with an opportunity to share in the growth and value of the company. The maximum
number of shares that may be subject to the Plan is 71
065. Under the form of option agreement used under the Plan
 the term of the options commences on the date of grant and expires on the tenth anniversary of the date of grant unless earlier
terminated or cancelled. The exercise price per share purchasable under each option will be determined by the Compensation Committee of the MFI Holding Board of Directors; provided
 however
 that such exercise price shall not be less than the fair
market value of the share on the date such option is granted. The Plan includes non-qualified time-vesting and performance-vesting options. The options and accrued stock compensation associated with the options is classified as equity and is being
expensed during the requisite service periods. We recorded stock-based compensation expense of $2
121
000
 $1
947
000 and $1
042
000 for the years ended December&nbsp;29
 2012 and December&nbsp;31
 2011 and six months ended January&nbsp;1
 2011
respectively. As of December&nbsp;29
 2012
 the total compensation cost for nonvested awards not yet recognized in our statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss) was approximately $5.7 million. This amount will be expensed over the
balance of the vesting periods
 approximately 2.69 years. 
 


On December&nbsp;18
 2012
 MFI Holding paid its shareholders a $321 million dividend. The
Plan provisions require that in the event of a dividend
 an appropriate adjustment will be determined to the number of outstanding option shares granted or their exercise prices in order to prevent dilution. Concurrent with the MFI Holding dividend
payment
 our compensation committee adopted a resolution that reduced the exercise prices of 44
173.35 performance-vesting stock options and 18
107.79 time-vesting stock options by the amount of the dividend per share. The required adjustment due to
the dividend did not affect the fair value of the options outstanding and no incremental stock-based compensation was recorded. 
The weighted-average grant-date fair value of time-vesting Class&nbsp;A options granted in 2012
 2011 and 2010 under the Plan was
$659.84
 $745.90 and $585.82
 respectively. The fair value of shares vesting in 2012 and 2011 was $2.1 million and $2.1 million; no shares vested in 2010. The weighted-average grant-date fair value of options under the Plan was determined by using
the fair value of each option grant on the date of grant
 utilizing the Black-Scholes option-pricing model and the following key assumptions: 


















































The time-vesting options (Class A) have a service condition and vest 20% on the anniversary date of the grant each year
for five years
 commencing on the first anniversary date of the grant. They also include a performance condition which is triggered upon the occurrence of a change in control
 at which time the option shall
 to the extent not then vested
automatically become fully vested and exercisable. Vested options may be exercised in whole or in part at any time and from time to time during the term by giving written notice of exercise. Upon exercise and execution of a Stockholders Agreement
between MFI Holding and the grantee
 shares will be issued to the grantee. In certain instances
 agreed to by the Compensation Committee of the MFI Holding Board of Directors
 payment for exercise and applicable withholding may be made with shares
(issued or to be issued as part of the exercise)
 and such shares to be valued at the fair market value on the date of such exercise. All shares received pursuant to time-vesting nonqualified stock option exercises will be subject to the
Company&#146;s Stockholders Agreement


 C and D options) each granted at differing option strike prices. Each class of performance-vesting options
 at the
classes&#146; corresponding option strike price
 is treated as if it were a separate option
 each which may be exercised individually. The performance-vesting options become vested and exercisable with respect to option shares only upon the
consummation of a liquidity event as defined in the Plan. A liquidity event will be deemed to have occurred when the existing owner group sells all of the equity securities of the company or has achieved a defined return on investment. For purposes
of determining whether a liquidity event has occurred
 the applicable return on initial investment (&#147;ROI&#148;) threshold is a minimum return of two times. The performance-vesting options are forfeited upon termination of employment. Based upon
the performance conditions (liquidity event
 as defined and ROI threshold of two times) for vesting of the performance-vesting options
 the conditions will not be satisfied for class B
 C or D options to become vested until a liquidity event is
initiated. We expect all outstanding options to vest at that time. Therefore
 we have not recorded compensation cost for performance-vesting options and we will reassess the probability of meeting the performance conditions quarterly or as business
circumstances suggest that a liquidity event is likely. 
 


 





















































































































































Outstanding at December&nbsp;31
 2011


17
890







24
178



2
872.87



11
072



4
358.86



8
923



5
349.52










































































































































Outstanding at December&nbsp;29
 2012


18
108







24
178



2
872.87



11
072



4
358.86



8
923



5
349.52











































































































18
108







24
178







11
072







8
923








































Exercisable at December&nbsp;29
 2012


6
950








































































































































 
Beginning January&nbsp;1
 2012
 we changed our internal reporting of segment information reported to our President and
Chief Executive Officer who is our Chief Operating Decision Maker (&#147;CODM&#148;). We now report all sales of shell egg and egg products and refrigerated potato products in their respective segments and the balance of our retail distributed
products
 cheese and other dairy-case products
 as our third segment. This change increased the amount of external net sales and operating profit reported for prior periods for both the egg products and refrigerated potato products segments as we
reclassified the egg and refrigerated potato products previously reported under the cheese &amp; other dairy-case products segment. All periods presented have been restated to reflect the new internal reporting to the CODM. This change had no impact
With
the exception of the reclassification change noted above
 our business activities are consistent with those of our Predecessor and continue to be organized around three business segments as follows: 
Egg Products processes and distributes numerous egg products and shell eggs primarily through its facilities in the Midwest and Eastern
United States and Canada. Sales of egg products are made through an internal sales force and independent brokers to the foodservice
 food ingredient and retail markets primarily throughout North America
 and to certain export markets. 
Refrigerated Potato Products processes and distributes refrigerated potato products from its manufacturing facilities in Minnesota and


 including various cheese products packaged at its Wisconsin cheese packaging facility. Sales of


 with no significant differences in accounting policies applied. We evaluate the performance of our business segments and
allocated resources to them based primarily on operating profit
 defined as earnings before interest expense
 interest income
 income taxes and allocations of corporate costs to the respective divisions. Our corporate office maintains a majority of
our cash under our cash management policy. See Note K for disclosure of our foreign operations represented in the Non-Guarantor Subsidiary column of the respective statements. 
 


We have the following concentrations in sales for major customers recorded in all three
segments of our business: 














































December&nbsp;29



December&nbsp;31



January&nbsp;1



June&nbsp;26







































 
































































Year ended December&nbsp;29
 2012
























1
315
705



153
481



386
868







1
856
054





118
335



23
126



17
116



(24
188



134
389





1
522
340



233
895



212
953



106
160



2
075
348





78
901



11
370



7
370







97
646





32
274



2
800



2
201







37
275


Year ended December&nbsp;31
 2011
























1
228
410



138
004



400
174







1
766
588





101
961



15
716



18
131



(19
648



116
160





1
545
678



239
535



225
728



129
915



2
140
856





78
443



11
048



7
748







97
246





42
589



1
483



1
158







45
230


Six months ended January&nbsp;1
 2011
























586
860



71
119



200
327







858
306





49
610



4
399



7
072



(5
692



55
389





1
568
733



248
938



209
619



136
808



2
164
098





40
221



5
511



4
027







49
762





16
843



3
087











20
541
























Six months ended June&nbsp;26
 2010
























527
571



62
358



154
066







743
995





64
854



(6
492



11
139



(55
267



14
234





936
738



168
980



109
891



119
672



1
335
281





23
082



10
633



2
292







36
009





12
286



9
638











22
354


 


 
We and our 100% owned domestic subsidiaries jointly and severally
 and fully and unconditionally
 guarantee the credit
agreement. We and our 100% owned domestic subsidiaries jointly and severally guarantee the 9.75% senior notes. The guarantee by our subsidiaries of the 9.75% senior notes is not full and unconditional as there are certain customary guarantee release
provisions in the 9.75% senior notes indenture. The guarantee release provisions include release when there is a sale of a guarantor&#146;s capital stock
 if the guarantor is designated as an unrestricted subsidiary (currently all guarantors of the
9.75% senior notes are restricted subsidiaries)


 2012 and December&nbsp;31
 2011
 and the condensed consolidating
statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss)
 and statements of cash flows for our years ended December&nbsp;29
 2012 and December&nbsp;31
 2011 and the six-month period ended January&nbsp;1
 2011 and Predecessor&#146;s six-month period
ended June&nbsp;26
 2010. For the Company&#146;s December&nbsp;29
 2012
&nbsp;December&nbsp;31
 2011 and January&nbsp;1
 2011 periods
 the financial statements reflect Michael Foods Group
 Inc. (Corporate)
 the 100% owned guarantor subsidiaries (on
a combined basis)
 the non-guarantor subsidiary (MFI Food Canada Ltd.)
 and elimination entries necessary to combine such entities on a consolidated basis. For the Predecessor&#146;s June&nbsp;26
 2010 period
 the financial statements reflect
M-Foods Holdings
 Inc. (Predecessor Corporate)
 the 100% owned Predecessor guarantor subsidiaries (on a combined basis)
 the Predecessor non-guarantor subsidiary (MFI Food Canada Ltd.)
 and elimination entries necessary to combine such entities on a
consolidated basis. 
 


 


(Unaudited
 in thousands) 





























































































43
274











43
274


Accounts receivable
 less allowances






163
040



1
519







164
025









145
011



8
160







153
171





4
036



4
744











8
780









9
598











9
665



























4
036



365
667



9
746







378
915


Property
 Plant and Equipment&#151;net






253
605



11
059







264
664









822
959



7
058







830
017





805
161



580
103







(783
512



601
752





816
656



(1
334







(815
322































1
625
853



2
021
000



27
863



(1
599
368



2
075
348







































































10
000



8
867











19
833









96
342



3
376







99
184





26
789



78
113



2
189







107
091



























36
789



183
322



6
531







226
108


Long-term debt
 less current maturities


1
175
443



774
774



22
865



(783
512



1
189
570





7
146



245
928











253
195





6
978















6
978





399
497



816
976



(1
654



(815
322



399
497



























1
625
853



2
021
000



27
863



(1
599
368



2
075
348
























 




 2011
(Unaudited
 in thousands) 




























































































68
118











68
118


Accounts receivable
 less allowances






139
101



4
977



(1
007



143
071









151
005



7
517







158
522





















1
420









10
485











10
596































369
355



12
605



(1
007



381
727
























Property
 Plant and Equipment&#151;net






281
214



7
750







288
964









822
960



6
886







829
846





852
828



612
040







(824
549



640
319





834
643



2
644







(837
287































1
688
245



2
088
213



27
241



(1
662
843



2
140
856







































































2
000



6
959



1
137







10
096









88
825



3
088



(1
007



90
906





20
212



65
891



1
710







87
813



























22
212



161
675



5
935



(1
007



188
815


Long-term debt
 less current maturities


1
222
365



824
351



18
826



(824
549



1
240
993





9
084



267
380











276
464





10
621















10
621





423
963



834
807



2
480



(837
287



423
963



























1
688
245



2
088
213



27
241



(1
662
843



2
140
856
























 


 

For the Year Ended December&nbsp;29


 in thousands) 
















































1
812
713



49
047



(5
706



1
856
054









1
500
668



49
539



(5
706



1
544
501































312
045











311
553


Selling
 general and administrative expenses






174
117



2
823







177
164































137
928



(3
315







134
389


Interest expense
 net


54
827



34
010



1
519







90
356














































Earnings (loss) before equity in earnings (loss) of subsidiaries
 income taxes and equity in losses of unconsolidated
subsidiary


(55
051



104
358



(4
834







44
473





64
224



(4
871







(59
353









(20
921



33
408











12
524









1
855











1
855



























30
094



64
224



(4
871



(59
353



30
094



























30
094



62
176



(5
027



(59
353



27
890
























 



<FONT

(Unaudited
 in thousands)

















































1
725
862



53
265



(12
539



1
766
588









1
455
349



50
765



(12
539



1
493
575































270
513



2
500







273
013


Selling
 general and administrative expenses


5
111



148
869



2
873







156
853



























(5
111



121
644











116
160


Interest expense
 net


79
028



17
624



1
488







98
140



























3
527















3
527
























Earnings (loss) before equity in earnings (loss) of subsidiaries
 income taxes and equity in losses of unconsolidated
subsidiary


(87
666



103
630



(1
861







14
103





62
668



(1
851







(60
817









(39
287



38
582





























































14
289



62
668



(1
851



(60
817



14
289



























14
289



61
681



(1
921



(60
817



13
232
























 



<FONT

(Unaudited
 in thousands)

















































840
307



27
025



(9
026



858
306









710
103



25
755



(9
026



726
832































130
204



1
270







131
474


Selling
 general and administrative expenses






74
437



1
648







76
085































55
767











55
389


Interest expense (income)
 net


52
315















52
871














































Earnings (loss) before equity in earnings (loss) of subsidiaries
 income taxes and equity in losses of unconsolidated
subsidiary


(52
315



56
780



(1
209







3
256





35
857



(1
149







(34
708









(19
735



19
546





























































3
277



35
857



(1
149



(34
708



3
277



























3
277



37
806



(1
242



(34
708



5
133
























 



<FONT

(Unaudited
 in thousands)

















































724
649



27
352



(8
006



743
995









595
789



24
965



(8
006



612
748































128
860



2
387







131
247


Selling
 general and administrative expenses






100
650



1
633







102
283









14
730











14
730































13
480











14
234


Interest expense
 net


7
533



22
654











30
985





6
388



24
850











31
238
























Loss before equity in earnings (loss) of subsidiaries
 income taxes and equity in losses of unconsolidated
subsidiary


(13
921



(34
024











(47
989





(23
987











23
956









(3
625



(10
065











(13
765

















































(34
283



(23
987







23
956



(34
283



























(34
283



(24
532







23
956



(34
909
























 


 


(Unaudited
 in thousands)




















































(23
863



139
818



1
950



117
905



























(34
767



(2
508



(37
275



























(34
767



(2
508



(37
275























(41
077



(6
959



(1
294



(49
330





(1
374











(1
374





(54
769











(54
769





121
083



(122
936



1
853



























23
863



(129
895







(105
473













































(24
844







(24
844









68
118







68
118



























43
274







43
274




















 




December&nbsp;31
(Unaudited
 in thousands) 




















































3
121



122
160



(2
112



123
169



























(44
868







(45
230













































(45
718







(46
080























(813
225



(6
688



(1
453



(821
366





840
000











840
000





(7
241











(7
241





(65
096











(65
096





42
441



(45
246



2
805



























(3
121



(51
934



1
352



(53
703













































24
508



(1
195



23
313









43
610



1
195



44
805



























68
118







68
118




















 




January&nbsp;1
(Unaudited
 in thousands) 




















































22
881



47
336



1
110



71
327



























(19
801







(20
541





(1
675
000



63
073



2
111



(1
609
816









































(1
675
000



43
590



1
371



(1
630
039























(9
975



(3
361



(1
339



(14
675





1
202
700











1
202
700





(52
337











(52
337





(15
374











(15
374





527
105



(43
955







483
150























1
652
119



(47
316



(1
339



1
603
464













































43
610



1
195



44
805













































43
610



1
195



44
805




















 




June&nbsp;26
(Unaudited
 in thousands) 




















































(7
511



48
696



2
638



43
823



























(22
152







(22
354









(1
500







(1
500



























(23
652







(23
854























(154
061



(530
336



(1
167



(685
564









6
032







6
032























161
572



476
298







637
870























7
511



(48
159



(1
167



(41
815













































(23
115



1
238



(21
877









86
189







87
061



























63
074



2
110



65
184




















 


 
 



























(Unaudited
 in thousands)
















For the period ended December&nbsp;29
 2012




















444
826



436
661



470
947



503
620





79
401



73
565



75
358



83
229





9
352



(1
706



8
740



13
708


For the period ended December&nbsp;31
 2011




















417
101



420
019



459
487



469
981





72
613



58
082



66
020



76
298









(5
166







19
320





Impacted by the jury award in the National Pasteurized Eggs
 Inc. trial (see Note G). 



Impacted by the costs associated with our February 2011 amended and restated credit agreement and the registration of the 9.75% senior notes with the Securities and
Exchange Commission. 
 

















This AMENDMENT NO.&nbsp;1 TO THE AMENDED AND RESTATED
&#148;)
 dated as of December&nbsp;7
 2012
 made by and among MICHAEL FOODS GROUP
 INC. (f/k/a M-FOODS HOLDINGS
 INC.)
&#148;)
 MFI MIDCO CORPORATION
 a
&#148;)
 each of the undersigned banks
 financial institutions and other institutional lenders party hereto as Lenders (as defined below)
 and BANK OF AMERICA
 N.A.
 as Administrative Agent for the Lenders
(in such capacity
&#148;)
 amends that certain Amended and Restated Credit Agreement
 dated as of February&nbsp;25
 2011 (as amended
 supplemented
 amended and restated or otherwise modified from time to time
prior to the date hereof
&#148;)
 made by and among the Borrower
 Holdings
 the banks
 financial institutions and other institutional lenders from time to time party thereto as lenders (the
&#148;)
 and the Administrative Agent. Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Credit Agreement. 
WHEREAS
 the Borrower and Holdings desire to amend the Credit Agreement as hereinafter set forth; 
WHEREAS
 pursuant to Section&nbsp;10.01 of the Credit Agreement
 the consent of the Required Lenders is required to make the amendment
WHEREAS
 the undersigned Lenders (such undersigned Lenders

Lenders
 which Consenting Lenders also constitute the Required Lenders under the Credit Agreement)
 the Administrative Agent
 the Borrower and Holdings have agreed
 subject to the terms and conditions stated below
 to the amendment of the
Credit Agreement
NOW
 THEREFORE
 in consideration of the premises and covenants
contained herein and for other good and valuable consideration
 the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged
 the parties hereto
 intending to be legally bound hereby
 agree as follows: 
. The Credit Agreement is
 effective as of the First Amendment Date (as defined below)
and subject to the satisfaction of the conditions precedent set forth in Section&nbsp;2
 hereby amended as follows: 




The following defined term shall be added to Section&nbsp;1.01 of the Credit Agreement
 in alphabetical order: 
&#148; means Amendment No.&nbsp;1 to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement
dated as of December&nbsp;7
 2012
 made by and among the Borrower
 Holdings
 the Administrative Agent
 and each of the Lenders party thereto. 


&#148; means the first date on which all of
the conditions precedent set forth in Section&nbsp;2 of the First Amendment Agreement are satisfied or waived in accordance with the terms thereof and Section&nbsp;10.01 hereof. 
(b) The definition of &#147;Loan Documents&#148; in Section&nbsp;1.01 of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended by
(i)&nbsp;deleting the word &#147;and&#148; immediately prior to clause (vi)&nbsp;in subsection (a)&nbsp;thereof
 and (ii)&nbsp;inserting the phrase &#147;
 and (viii)&nbsp;the First Amendment Agreement&#148; immediately before subsection (b)&nbsp;in
(c) Section&nbsp;2.05(a)(i) of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended by replacing the
phrase &#147;in each case on or prior to date that is six months following the Effective Date&#148; set forth in the last sentence of such Section&nbsp;2.05(a)(i) with the phrase &#147;in each case on or prior to date that is one year following the
(d) Article VI of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended by inserting the
Additional First Amendment Agreement
Consent Fee
 the Borrower was only required to pay an &#147;Amendment Fee&#148; (as defined in the First Amendment Agreement) to each consenting Lender thereunder in an
amount equal to 0.15% of each such consenting Lender&#146;s then-outstanding Loans and then-effective Commitments
 and (b)&nbsp;as a result of any indirect parent of the Borrower offering or consummating an initial issuance of debt
 the
Borrower&#146;s public corporate credit rating from S&amp;P is downgraded to below &#147;B&#148; or the Borrower&#146;s public corporate family rating from Moody&#146;s is downgraded to below &#147;B2&#148;
 after the First Amendment Date
 then the
Borrower shall
 within two Business Days of the date of such downgrade
 pay to the Administrative Agent
 for the account of each Lender that was a Lender as of the First Amendment Date and that duly consented to the amendments set forth in the First
Amendment Agreement (in accordance with the terms thereof)
 an additional consent fee in an amount equal to 0.10% of the sum of the aggregate principal amount of all of the Loans and Commitments of such Lender that were outstanding or in effect as
(e) Section&nbsp;7.06(f) of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended by replacing
the phrase &#147;with a maximum Total Leverage Ratio of 5.0:1.0&#148; set forth in Section&nbsp;7.06(f)(2)(B)(x) with the phrase &#147;with a maximum Total Leverage Ratio of (I)&nbsp;for any four fiscal quarter measurement period ended prior to
March&nbsp;31
 2015
 5.50:1.0
 and (II)&nbsp;for any four fiscal quarter measurement period ended on or after March&nbsp;31
 2015


 2012 on which the following conditions
precedent shall have been satisfied (such date
 the &#147;


(a) The receipt by the Administrative Agent (or its counsel) of counterparts
of this Amendment executed by the Borrower
 Holdings and the Required Lenders (each of which shall be originals
 or facsimiles or &#147;.pdf&#148; files (followed promptly by originals)). 
(b) The receipt by the Administrative Agent (or its counsel) of a Consent of Guarantor
 in substantially the form
attached as Exhibit A hereto
 executed by each Guarantor (each of which shall be originals
 or facsimiles or &#147;.pdf&#148; files (followed promptly by originals)). 
(c) The receipt by the Administrative Agent (or its counsel) of a certificate signed by a duly authorized officer of the
(i) The representations and warranties contained in Section&nbsp;3 hereof are true and
correct in all material respects on and as of the date of such certificate as though made on and as of such date (other than any such representations or warranties that
 by their terms
 refer to a date other than the date of such certificate); and
(ii) No Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing
 or would result from the execution and
delivery of this Amendment
(d) All costs
 fees
(including any fees separately agreed in writing)
 expenses (including without limitation legal fees and expenses) and other compensation contemplated by Section&nbsp;5 or by the Credit Agreement
 payable to the Administrative Agent (including on
behalf of the Lenders)
 shall have been paid to the extent due (and
 in the case of expenses
 invoiced) and required to be paid on the First Amendment Date shall have been paid. 
(e) The Borrower shall have paid to the Administrative Agent on or prior to the First Amendment Date
 for the account of
each Lender (other than any Defaulting Lender) that has unconditionally and irrevocably returned an executed signature page to this Amendment to the Administrative Agent (or its counsel) at or prior 4:00&nbsp;p.m. (New York City time) on
December&nbsp;7
&#148;) consenting to the amendments set forth in Section&nbsp;1 hereof
&#148;) in an amount equal to (i)&nbsp;if
 as of the First Amendment
Date
 (x)&nbsp;the Borrower&#146;s public corporate credit rating from S&amp;P is at least &#147;B&#148; and (y)&nbsp;the Borrower&#146;s public corporate family rating from Moody&#146;s is at least &#147;B2&#148;
 0.15% of the sum of the aggregate
principal amount of all of the Loans and Commitments of such Lender outstanding or in effect
 as applicable
 as of the Consent Deadline
 or (ii)&nbsp;if
 as of the First Amendment Date
 (x)&nbsp;the Borrower&#146;s public corporate credit rating
from S&amp;P is less than &#147;B&#148; and/or (y)&nbsp;the Borrower&#146;s public corporate family rating from Moody&#146;s is less than &#147;B2&#148;
 0.25% of the sum of the aggregate principal amount of all of the Loans and Commitments of such
Lender outstanding or in effect
 as applicable
 as of the Consent Deadline (it being understood that the Borrower shall have no liability to pay any of the Amendment Fee if the First Amendment Date does not occur). 


. Each of Holdings and the
Borrower hereby represents and warrants to the Consenting Lenders and the Administrative Agent


 each of the representations and warranties of the Borrower and Holdings contained in Article&nbsp;V of the Amended Credit Agreement (as defined
below)
 or in any other Loan Document
 are true and correct in all material respects (and in all respects if already qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect) on and as of such date
 except (i)&nbsp;to the extent that such representations
or warranties specifically refer to an earlier date
 in which case they shall be true and correct in all material respects (and in all respects if already qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect) as of such earlier date
 and
(ii)&nbsp;that for purposes of this Section&nbsp;3
 the representations and warranties contained in Section&nbsp;5.05(a)
 and in Sections 5.05(b) and (c)&nbsp;of the Credit Agreement shall be deemed to refer to the most recent statements furnished
pursuant to Section&nbsp;6.01(a) and Section&nbsp;6.01(b) of the Credit Agreement
(b) The
execution
 delivery and performance by each of the Borrower and Holdings of this Amendment and the Loan Documents
 as amended hereby
 to which it is or is to be a party
 and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby
 are within its
corporate powers
 have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action and do not (i)&nbsp;contravene its Organization Documents
 (ii)&nbsp;violate any Law
 (iii)&nbsp;conflict with or result in the breach of
 or constitute a default under
any contract
 loan agreement
 indenture
 mortgage
 deed of trust
 lease or other instrument binding on or affecting the Borrower or Holdings
 as applicable
 any of the Borrower&#146;s Subsidiaries or any of their properties or (iv)&nbsp;except for
the Liens created under the Collateral Documents
 as amended hereby
 result in or require the creation or imposition of any Lien upon or with respect to any of the properties of Holdings
 or the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries. 
(c) No authorization or approval or other action by
 and no notice to or filing with
 any Governmental Authority or
regulatory body or any other third party is required for the due execution
 delivery or performance by the Borrower or Holdings of this Amendment or any of the Loan Documents
 as amended hereby
 to which the Borrower or Holdings
 as the case may be
(d) This Amendment has been duly executed and delivered by the Borrower and by
Holdings. This Amendment and each of the other Loan Documents
 as amended hereby
 to which the Borrower or Holdings
 as the case may be
 is a party are legal
 valid and binding obligations of the Borrower or Holdings
 as applicable
 enforceable
Reference to and Effect on the Credit Agreement and the
(a) On and after the effectiveness of this Amendment
 each reference in the Credit
Agreement to &#147;this Agreement&#148;
 &#147;hereunder&#148;
 &#147;hereof&#148; or words of like import referring to the Credit Agreement
 shall mean and be a reference to the Credit Agreement



 
as amended by
 and after giving effect to
 this Amendment (the Credit Agreement
 as so amended
 the &#147;
(b) Each Loan Document
 after giving effect to this Amendment
 is and shall continue to be in full force and effect and
is hereby in all respects ratified and confirmed
 except that
 on and after the effectiveness of this Agreement
 each reference in each of the Loan Documents (including the Security Agreement
 each Guaranty and the other Collateral Documents) to the
&#147;Credit Agreement&#148;
 &#147;thereunder&#148;
 &#147;thereof&#148; or words of like import referring to the Credit Agreement shall mean and be a reference to the Credit Agreement
 as amended by
 and after giving effect to
 this Amendment.
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing
 the Collateral Documents and all of the Collateral described therein do and shall continue to secure the payment of all Secured Obligations of the Loan Parties under the Loan Documents
 as amended
by
 and after giving effect to
 this Amendment
(c) Each Loan
Party party hereto hereby (i)&nbsp;ratifies and reaffirms all of its payment and performance obligations
 contingent or otherwise
 under each of the Loan Documents to which it is a party
 (ii)&nbsp;ratifies and reaffirms each grant of a lien on
 or
security interest in
 its property made pursuant to the Collateral Documents (including
 without limitation
 the grant of security made by such Loan Party pursuant to the Security Agreement) and confirms that such liens and security interests
continue to secure the Secured Obligations under the Loan Documents
 including
 without limitation
 all Obligations resulting from or incurred pursuant to the this Amendment
 in each case subject to the terms thereof
 and (iii)&nbsp;in the case of
each Guarantor


 delivery and effectiveness of this Amendment shall not
 except as expressly provided herein
 operate as a waiver of any right
 power or remedy of any Lender or any Agent under any of
the Loan Documents
Costs
 Expenses and
Taxes
connection with the preparation
 execution and delivery of this Amendment and the other instruments and documents to be delivered hereunder
 in accordance with the terms of Section&nbsp;10.04 of the Credit Agreement. 
. This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties hereto
in separate counterparts


therewith shall survive the execution and delivery hereof and thereof. Such representations and warranties have been or will be relied upon by the Administrative 


 
Agent and each Lender
 regardless of any investigation made by any Agent or any Lender or on their behalf and notwithstanding that the Administrative Agent or any Lender may have had notice or
knowledge of any Default at the time of its consent to this Amendment
 and shall continue in full force and effect as long as any Loan or any other Obligation hereunder shall remain unpaid or unsatisfied or any Letter of Credit shall remain
. This Amendment is a &#147;Loan Document&#148; under
 and as defined in
 the
Amended Credit Agreement
 and may not be amended


 along with the Amended Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents constitute the entire agreement among the parties with respect to the subject matter
hereof and thereof and supersede all other prior agreements and understandings
 both written and verbal
 among the parties or any of them with respect to the subject matter hereof. 
. If any provision of this Amendment or any other Loan Document is held to be illegal
 invalid or
unenforceable
 the legality
 validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Amendment and the other Loan Documents shall not be affected or impaired thereby. The invalidity of a provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not
. The headings of
SECTION 12.
. EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES
 TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW
 ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS
AMENDMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT
 TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY). EACH PARTY HERETO (A)&nbsp;CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE
 AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PERSON HAS REPRESENTED
 EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE
 THAT
SUCH OTHER PERSON WOULD NOT
 IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION
 SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B)&nbsp;ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AMENDMENT BY
 AMONG OTHER THINGS
 THE MUTUAL WAIVERS
. This Amendment shall be governed by
 and construed
in accordance with
 the laws of the State of New&nbsp;York. 


IN WITNESS WHEREOF
 the parties hereto have caused this Amendment No.&nbsp;1 to the Amended
and Restated Credit Agreement to be executed by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized
 as of the date first above written. 






MICHAEL FOODS GROUP
 INC.





By: /s/ James E. Dwyer
 Jr.

Name: James E. Dwyer
 Jr.





MFI MIDCO CORPORATION





By: /s/ James E. Dwyer
 Jr.

Name: James E. Dwyer
 Jr.












BANK OF AMERICA
 N.A.


























COMPUTATION OF RATIO OF EARNINGS TO FIXED


 Except Ratios) 















































Year&nbsp;ended





December&nbsp;29



December&nbsp;31



January&nbsp;1



June&nbsp;26



January&nbsp;2



January&nbsp;3




















































44
473



14
103



3
256



(47
989



92
862



53
916































91
595



99
501



53
987



32
172



62
002



58
591



















































































135
986



113
230



57
157



(15
950



154
396



112
507

























































78
154



81
985



47
289



27
799



53
728



52
708













1
001







1
916



1
847





2
372



6
500





















10
120



10
078



5
697



3
398



6
358



4
036































91
595



99
501



53
987



32
172



62
002



58
591



















































































Due to the Predecessor&#146;s loss for the six-month period ended June 26
 2010
 the ratio coverage was less than 1:1. 








 INC.








 INC. 











Abbotsford Farms
 LLC.



Casa Trucking
 Inc.







Farm Fresh Foods
 Inc.



International Egg Products
 Inc.



KMS Dairy
 Inc.







MFI Food Asia
 LLC







MFI International
 Inc.







Michael Foods
 Inc.



Michael Foods of Delaware
 Inc.



Minnesota Products
 Inc.



Papetti&#146;s Hygrade Egg Products
 Inc.


















 James E. Dwyer
 Jr.
 certify that:
1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Michael Foods Group


 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made
3. Based on my knowledge
 the financial
statements and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;
4. The registrant&#146;s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
a) Designed such disclosure controls
and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within
those entities
b) Evaluated the effectiveness of the
registrant&#146;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
c) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&#146;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during
the registrant&#146;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&#146;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&#146;s internal control over
5. The registrant&#146;s other certifying officer and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of
internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&#146;s auditors and the audit committee of registrant&#146;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&#146;s ability to record
 process


 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&#146;s internal control over financial reporting. 
Date: March&nbsp;22
 2013 




/s/ James E. Dwyer
 Jr.

James E. Dwyer
 Jr.


















 Mark W. Westphal
 certify that: 
1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Michael Foods Group


 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made
3. Based on my knowledge
 the financial
statements and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;
4. The registrant&#146;s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
a) Designed such disclosure controls
and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within
those entities
b) Evaluated the effectiveness of the
registrant&#146;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
c) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&#146;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during
the registrant&#146;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&#146;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&#146;s internal control over
5. The registrant&#146;s other certifying officer and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of
internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&#146;s auditors and the audit committee of registrant&#146;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&#146;s ability to record
 process


 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&#146;s internal control over financial reporting. 
Date: March&nbsp;22
 2013 

























 James E. Dwyer
 Jr.
 as Chief Executive
Officer and President of Michael Foods Group
 Inc. (the &#147;Company&#148;)
 hereby certify
 pursuant to Section&nbsp;1350
 Chapter 63 of Title 18
 United States Code
 as adopted by Section&nbsp;906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002) that
 to my
knowledge: 



the Company&#146;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the annual period ended December&nbsp;29
 2012 fully complies with the requirements of Section&nbsp;13(a) or 15(d) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended; and 



the information contained in the Company&#146;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the annual period ended December&nbsp;29
 2012 fairly presents
 in all material respects
Date: March&nbsp;22
 2013 





/s/ James E. Dwyer
 Jr.

James E. Dwyer
 Jr.


















 Mark W. Westphal
 as Chief Financial Officer
and Senior Vice President of Michael Foods Group
 Inc. (the &#147;Company&#148;)
 hereby certify
 pursuant to Section&nbsp;1350
 Chapter 63 of Title 18
 United States Code
 as adopted by Section&nbsp;906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002) that
 to
my knowledge: 



the Company&#146;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the annual period ended December&nbsp;29
 2012 fully complies with the requirements of Section&nbsp;13(a) or 15(d) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended; and 



the information contained in the Company&#146;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the annual period ended December&nbsp;29
 2012 fairly presents
 in all material respects
Date: March&nbsp;22
 2013 





























      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      


      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      


      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      


      
      




      

        



      




      


      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        
        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      


      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      


      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      


      




      


      
      




      

        



      
      




      


      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      


      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      


      




      


      




      


      
      




    


    


    


    




        


        




    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    




   &lt;!-- Begin Block Tagged Note 1 - micf:GeneralDisclosureTextBlock--&gt;
   &lt;!-- xbrl
ns --&gt;
   &lt;!-- xbrl
nx --&gt;
   &lt;font style=display:none&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;NOTE A&amp;#8212;SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:6px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;The Company &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:6px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;
   Michael Foods Group
 Inc. is a diversified producer and distributor of food products in three areas&amp;#8212;egg products
 cheese and other dairy-case products
 and refrigerated potato products. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:12px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Michael Foods Group
 Inc. is a wholly-owned subsidiary of MFI Midco Corporation (&amp;#8220;Midco&amp;#8221; or &amp;#8220;Parent&amp;#8221;). Midco is a
   wholly-owned subsidiary of Michael Foods Holding
 Inc. Michael Foods Holding
 Inc. is a wholly-owned subsidiary of MFI Holding Corporation (&amp;#8220;MFI Holding&amp;#8221;)
 whose security holders include affiliates of Goldman Sachs Capital Partners
   affiliates and co-investors of Thomas H. Lee Partners L.P. and certain current and former members of management. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:18px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Basis of Presentation &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:6px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;As further discussed in Note B
 on June&amp;#160;29
 2010
 M-Foods Holdings
 Inc. together with its subsidiaries
 the &amp;#8220;Predecessor
&amp;#8221;
   merged with and into MFI Acquisition Corporation
 and the surviving entity was renamed Michael Foods Group
 Inc. (&amp;#8220;Michael Foods
&amp;#8221; &amp;#8220;Company
&amp;#8221; &amp;#8220;we
&amp;#8221; &amp;#8220;us
&amp;#8221; &amp;#8220;our&amp;#8221;). The merger was accounted for as a
   business combination and a new accounting basis was established.&amp;#160;Accordingly
 the accompanying consolidated financial statements are presented for two periods
 Company and Predecessor
 which relate to the accounting periods succeeding and
   preceding the consummation of the merger.&amp;#160;The Company and Predecessor periods have been separated by a vertical line on the face of the consolidated financial statements to highlight the fact that the financial information for such periods has
   been prepared under two different historical-cost basis of accounting.&amp;#160;The accounting policies followed by us in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements for the Company are consistent with those of the Predecessor and are
   further described below. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:12px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Also
 as discussed in Note B
 the Predecessor is
 collectively
 M-Foods Holdings
 Inc. and its
   subsidiaries. The Michael Foods entity that filed reports with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (&amp;#8220;SEC&amp;#8221;) prior to the June&amp;#160;29
 2010 merger was Michael Foods
 Inc.
 a direct
 wholly-owned subsidiary of M-Foods Holdings
 Inc.
   In general
 the Michael Foods
 Inc. filings did not include financial information with respect to M-Foods Holdings
 Inc. Consequently
 certain Predecessor information herein is not directly comparable to information in the Michael Foods
 Inc.
   filings. Prior to the merger
 M-Foods Holdings
 Inc. liabilities consisted solely of then outstanding senior subordinated notes and M-Foods Holdings
 Inc.&amp;#8217;s sole asset was the shares of Michael Foods
 Inc. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:18px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Principles of Consolidation and Fiscal Year &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:6px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and all wholly and majority owned subsidiaries in which it has
   control. All significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated. The Company&amp;#8217;s investments in non-controlled entities in which it has the ability to exercise significant influence over operating and financial policies are
   accounted for by the equity method. The Company utilizes a 52/53-week fiscal year ending on the Saturday nearest to December&amp;#160;31. The periods presented are as follows: &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:12px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;
   Fiscal year 2012 contained a 52-week period and ended December&amp;#160;29
 2012. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:12px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Fiscal year 2011 contained a 52-week period and ended December&amp;#160;31
 2011. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:12px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Fiscal six month period ended January&amp;#160;1
 2011 contained 27 weeks. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:12px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Fiscal six month period ended June&amp;#160;26
 2010 contained 25 weeks. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:18px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Use of Estimates &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:6px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;
   Preparation of the consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect
   reported amounts of assets and liabilities
 related revenues and expenses and disclosure about contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements. Actual results could differ from the estimates used by management. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-size:1px;margin-top:18px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Reclassifications &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:6px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Certain reclassifications of previously reported amounts on the balance sheet have been made to conform to the current year presentation.
   The reclassifications had no impact on net earnings or operating cash flows. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:18px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Cash and Equivalents &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:6px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;We consider all highly liquid temporary investments with original maturities of three months or less to be cash equivalents. Significantly
   all of our cash is held with one financial institution. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:18px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Accounts Receivable &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:6px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;We grant credit to our customers in the normal course of business
 but generally do not require collateral or any other security to
   support amounts due from customers. Management performs on-going credit evaluations of customers. We maintain an allowance for potential credit losses based on historical write-off experience which
 when realized
 have been within management&amp;#8217;s
   expectations. The allowance was $1
139
000 and $875
000 at December&amp;#160;29
 2012 and December&amp;#160;31
 2011. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:18px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Inventories &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:6px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;
   Inventories
 other than flocks
 are stated at the lower of cost (determined on a first-in
 first-out basis) or market. Flock inventory represents the cost of purchasing and raising flocks to laying
   maturity. The costs included in our flock inventory include the costs of the chicks
 the feed fed to the birds
 and the labor and overhead costs incurred to operate the pullet facilities until the birds are transferred into the laying facilities
 at
   which time their cost is amortized to operations over their expected useful lives. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:12px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Inventories consisted of the following as
   of the years ended
 (in thousands): &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-size:12px;margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% border=0 style=border-collapse:collapse; text-align: left align=center&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td width=74%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;December&amp;#160;29
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;December&amp;#160;31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Raw materials and supplies&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;28
989&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;25
488&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Work in process and finished goods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;88
353&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;99
605&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Flocks&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;35
829&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;33
429&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;153
171&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;158
522&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;/table&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:18px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Financial Instruments and Fair Value Measurements &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:6px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;We are exposed to market risks from changes in commodity prices
 which may adversely affect our operating results and financial position.
   When appropriate
 we seek to minimize our risks from commodity price fluctuations through the use of derivative financial instruments
 such as commodity purchase contracts
 which are classified as derivatives
 along with other instruments relating
   primarily to corn
 soybean meal
 cheese and energy-related needs. We estimate fair values based on exchange-quoted prices
 adjusted as appropriate for differences in local markets. These differences are generally valued using inputs from broker or
   dealer quotations
 or market transactions in either the listed or over-the-counter commodity markets. In such cases
 these derivative contracts are classified within Level&amp;#160;2 of the fair value hierarchy. Changes in the fair values of these
   contracts are recognized in the consolidated financial statements as a component of cost of sales or other comprehensive income (loss). The hedging-related financial instruments measured at fair value on a recurring basis are included in current
   assets
 under &amp;#8220;prepaid expenses and other.&amp;#8221; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:12px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;In addition
 we seek to minimize our risks from interest rate
   fluctuations through the use of interest rate swap contracts. These instruments are valued using standard calculations and models with inputs other than quoted market prices provided by our banking partners. The fair value of instruments may be
   impacted by the Company&amp;#8217;s nonperformance risk
 which is estimated based upon the unsecured borrowing rates available to the Company. The borrowing rates available to the Company are considered a significant unobservable input used in the fair
   value measurement of such instruments. As such
 they were included in the Level 3 fair value measurements as of December&amp;#160;29
 2012 and December&amp;#160;31
 2011. A 1% change in the unobservable input would have an approximately $0.1 million effect
   on interest expense. Management has elected not to account for these instruments as designated hedges so changes in the fair values of these instruments are recognized in the consolidated financial statements as a component of interest expense. The
   interest rate swap contract liability is measured at fair value on a recurring basis and the current portion of the liability is included in &amp;#8220;other accrued liabilities&amp;#8221; and the long-term portion is included in &amp;#8220;other long-term
   liabilities&amp;#8221;. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-size:1px;margin-top:12px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;The following table
   provides a reconciliation of the beginning and ending balances of items measured at fair value on a recurring basis that used Level 3
 significant unobservable inputs (in thousands): &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-size:12px;margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% border=0 style=border-collapse:collapse; text-align: left align=center&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td width=74%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Interest Rate Swap Contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;December&amp;#160;29
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;December&amp;#160;31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Beginning balance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;6
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Unrealized loss included in interest expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;2
372&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;6
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Ending balance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;8
872&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;6
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;/table&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:12px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;The following table sets forth our hedging-related financial assets and liabilities measured on a recurring basis as of
   the years ended December&amp;#160;29
 2012 and December&amp;#160;31
 2011 (in thousands): &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-size:12px;margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% border=0 style=border-collapse:collapse; text-align: left align=center&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td width=54%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Quoted&amp;#160;Prices&amp;#160;in&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Significant&amp;#160;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Significant&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Active&amp;#160;Markets&amp;#160;for&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Observable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Unobservable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Identical Assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Inputs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Inputs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;(Level 1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;(Level 2)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;(Level 3)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;/b&gt;Fair Value Measurements As of December 29
 2012&lt;b&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Assets at fair value:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Commodity contracts - Grain&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Commodity contracts - Energy&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:5.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Total assets at fair value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Liabilities at fair value:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Commodity contracts - Grain&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
607&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
607&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Commodity contracts - Energy&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;116&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;116&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Interest rate swap contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;8
872&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;8
872&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:5.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Total liabilities at fair value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;10
595&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
723&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;8
872&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td height=16&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td height=16 colspan=16&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;/b&gt;Fair Value Measurements As of December 31
 2011&lt;b&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Assets at fair value:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Commodity contracts - Grain&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;2
906&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;2
906&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Commodity contracts - Energy&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:5.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Total assets at fair value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;2
906&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;2
906&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Liabilities at fair value:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Commodity contracts - Grain&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Commodity contracts - Energy&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;618&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;618&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Interest rate swap contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;6
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;6
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:5.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Total liabilities at fair value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;7
118&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;618&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;6
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;/table&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:12px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;The carrying amount of our debt (including current maturities) was $1.21 billion as of December&amp;#160;29
 2012 and $1.25
   billion as of December&amp;#160;31
 2011. Based on current market rates provided primarily by various bank sources
 the fair value of this debt at December&amp;#160;29
 2012 and December&amp;#160;31
 2011 was estimated at $1.26 billion and $1.27 billion
   respectively. Our cash
 accounts receivable
 accounts payable and other liabilities&amp;#8217; carrying value approximates fair value. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:18px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Accounting for Hedging Activities &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:6px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Certain of our operating segments enter into derivative instruments
 such as corn and soybean meal futures
 which we believe provide an
   economic hedge on future transactions and are designated as cash flow hedges. As the commodities being hedged are grain ingredients fed to our flocks
 the changes in the market value of such contracts have historically been
 and are expected to
   continue to be
 highly effective at offsetting changes in price movements of these items. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:12px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;We actively monitor exposure to
   commodity price risks and use derivative commodity instruments to manage the impact of certain of these risks. We use derivatives
 primarily futures contracts
 only for the purpose of managing risks associated with underlying commodity exposures.
   Our futures contracts for grains are cash flow hedges of firm purchase commitments and anticipated production requirements
 as they reduce our exposure to changes in the cash price of the respective items and generally extend for less than one year. We expect that
   within the next twelve months we will reclassify
 as earnings or losses
 substantially all of the amount recorded in accumulated other comprehensive loss. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:12px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;
   In addition
 we use derivative instruments to mitigate some of the risk associated with our energy-related needs and interest costs. We do not treat those futures contracts as hedging instruments and
   therefore
 record the gains or losses related to them as a component of earnings in the period of change. We do not trade or use instruments with the objective of earning financial gains on the commodity price
 nor do we use instruments where there
   is no underlying exposure. All derivatives are recognized at their fair value. For derivative instruments designated and qualifying as cash flow hedges
 the effective portion of the gain or loss on the derivative is reported as a component of other
   comprehensive income or (loss) (&amp;#8220;AOCI&amp;#8221; or &amp;#8220;AOCL&amp;#8221;) in the equity section of our balance sheet and an associated amount is recorded in &amp;#8220;prepaid expenses and other current assets.&amp;#8221; The amounts carried in cash
 when
   appropriate
 represent the fair value of our positions in excess of the margin requirements. We offset certain derivative asset and liability amounts where a legal right of offset exists. The amounts deferred are subsequently recognized in cost of
   sales when the associated products are sold. The cost or benefit of contracts closed prior to the execution of the underlying purchase is deferred until the anticipated purchase occurs. As a result of the volatility of the markets
 deferred gains
   and losses in AOCI or AOCL may fluctuate until the related contract is closed. Gains and losses on the derivative representing hedge ineffectiveness are recognized in current earnings. We do not exclude any items from our assessment of
   ineffectiveness. During the years ended December&amp;#160;29
 2012 and December 31
 2011
 we did not discontinue any cash flow hedges; therefore no reclassification of gains or losses into earnings was made during the period related to such items.
   &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:12px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;We had the following outstanding commodity-forward contracts for hedging of forecasted purchases of grain
 as of the years
   ended (in thousands): &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-size:12px;margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% border=0 style=border-collapse:collapse; text-align: left align=center&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td width=56%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Corn Volume (in bushels)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Soybean Meal Volume (in tons)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;December&amp;#160;29
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;December&amp;#160;31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;December&amp;#160;29
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;December&amp;#160;31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Commodity Contract&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;3
060&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;6
375&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;33&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;72&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;/table&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:12px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Information on location and amounts of derivative fair values in the consolidated balance sheets is presented below
 as
   of the years ended (in thousands): &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-size:12px;margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0 style=border-collapse:collapse; text-align: left align=center&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td width=40%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td width=36%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Fair Value (1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;December&amp;#160;29
&amp;#160;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;December&amp;#160;31
 2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:1px align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Balance Sheet Location&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Asset&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Liability&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Asset&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Liability&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top colspan=3&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;u&gt;Derivatives designated as hedging instruments:&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Commodity contracts &amp;#8211; Grain&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Prepaid expenses and other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;205&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(1
812&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;3
788&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(882&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top colspan=3&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;u&gt;Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments:&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Commodity contracts &amp;#8211; Energy&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Prepaid expenses and other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;36&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(152&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;30&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(648&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Interest rate swap contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Other accrued liabilities and other long-term liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(8
872&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(6
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;/table&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:12px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(1) Amounts represent the gross fair value of derivative assets and liabilities. The Company nets the derivative assets and liabilities
   for each of its hedging programs
 including cash collateral
 when a master netting arrangement exists between the Company and the counterparty to the derivative contract. The amount or timing of cash collateral balances may impact the classification
   of the derivative in the consolidated balance sheets. The gross fair value of the commodity grain contracts is exclusive of cash collateral receivable of $3.5 million and $0.2 million as of December&amp;#160;29
 2012 and December&amp;#160;31
 2011. The
   gross fair value of the commodity energy contracts is exclusive of cash collateral receivable of $0.2 million and $0.9 million as of December&amp;#160;29
 2012 and December&amp;#160;31
 2011. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:12px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:3%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;The following table represents the effect of derivative instruments in cash flow hedging relationships on our Consolidated Statements of
   Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 net of tax for the periods ended December&amp;#160;29
 2012
&amp;#160;December&amp;#160;31
 2011
&amp;#160;January&amp;#160;1
 2011 and June&amp;#160;26
 2010 (in thousands): &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-size:12px;margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0 style=border-collapse:collapse; text-align: left align=center&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td width=54%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=8 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;(Effective Portion)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=4 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:1px align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;(Ineffective Portion)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Gain&amp;#160;(Loss)&lt;br /&gt;Recognized&amp;#160;in&lt;br /&gt;AOCI on&lt;br /&gt;Derivative&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:1px align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Location of&lt;br /&gt;Gain (Loss)&lt;br /&gt;Reclassified&lt;br /&gt;from
   AOCI&lt;br /&gt;into&amp;#160;Earnings&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Gain (Loss)&lt;br /&gt;Reclassified&lt;br /&gt;from AOCI&lt;br /&gt;into&amp;#160;Earnings&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:1px align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Location of&lt;br /&gt;Gain
   (Loss)&lt;br /&gt;Recognized&amp;#160;in&lt;br /&gt;Earnings&amp;#160;on&lt;br /&gt;Derivative&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Gain&amp;#160;(Loss)&lt;br /&gt;Recognized&amp;#160;in&lt;br /&gt;Earnings on&lt;br /&gt;Derivative&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Company&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;/b&gt;For the year ended December 29
 2012&lt;b&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Commodity contracts &amp;#8211; Grain&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;(1
200&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Cost&amp;#160;of&amp;#160;sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
213&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Cost&amp;#160;of&amp;#160;sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(72&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td height=16&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td height=16 colspan=16&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;/b&gt;For the year ended December 31
 2011&lt;b&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Commodity contracts &amp;#8211; Grain&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt; 1
164&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Cost of sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
708&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Cost of sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;63&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td height=16&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td height=16 colspan=16&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;/b&gt;For the six months ended January 1
 2011&lt;b&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Commodity contracts &amp;#8211; Grain&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt; 1
806&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Cost of sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(286&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Cost of sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;15&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td height=16&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td height=16 colspan=16&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;/b&gt;For the six months ended June 26
 2010&lt;b&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Predecessor&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Commodity contracts &amp;#8211; Grain&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt; (405&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Cost of sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;372&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Cost of sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;/table&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:12px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:3%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;The following table represents the effect of derivative instruments not designated as hedging instruments on our
   Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the periods ended December&amp;#160;29
 2012
&amp;#160;December&amp;#160;31
 2011
&amp;#160;January&amp;#160;1
 2011 and June&amp;#160;26
 2010 (in thousands): &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-size:12px;margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0 style=border-collapse:collapse; text-align: left align=center&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td width=55%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom rowspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Locations&amp;#160;of&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Gain
   (Loss)&lt;br /&gt;Recognized&amp;#160;in&lt;br /&gt;Earnings on&lt;br /&gt;Derivative&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Company&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom style=border-left:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Predecessor&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Ended&lt;br /&gt;December&amp;#160;
   29
&lt;br /&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Ended&lt;br /&gt;December&amp;#160;
   31
&lt;br /&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Six&amp;#160;Months&lt;br /&gt;Ended&lt;br /&gt;January&amp;#160;1
&lt;br /&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom style=border-left:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Six Months&lt;br /&gt;Ended&lt;br /&gt;June&amp;#160;26
&lt;br /&gt;2010&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Gain (Loss) Recognized in Earnings on Derivative&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Commodity contracts &amp;#8211; Energy&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Cost&amp;#160;of&amp;#160;sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;247&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(1
017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(443&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom style=border-left:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;342&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom style=border-left:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Interest rate swap contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Interest&amp;#160;expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(2
372&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(6
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom style=border-left:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom style=border-left:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;/table&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:18px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Accumulated Comprehensive Income (Loss) &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:6px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:3%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Other comprehensive income (loss) is comprised of unrealized gains (losses) on cash flow hedges and foreign currency translation
   adjustments. The components of changes in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)
 net of taxes
 were as follows (in thousands): &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-size:12px;margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% border=0 style=border-collapse:collapse; text-align: left align=center&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td width=65%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Fair&amp;#160;Value&amp;#160;of&lt;br /&gt;Derivatives
&lt;br /&gt;net of tax (1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Foreign&lt;br /&gt;Currency&lt;br /&gt;Translation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Total&lt;br /&gt;Accumulated&lt;br /&gt;Other&lt;br /&gt;Comprehensive&lt;br /&gt;Income (Loss)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Predecessor&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Balance at January 2
 2010&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;440&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;3
855&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;4
295&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Change in fair value of derivatives&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(776&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(776&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Foreign currency translation adjustment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;150&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;150&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Balance at June 26
 2010&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(336&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;4
005&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;3
669&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td height=5 style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td height=5 colspan=4 style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td height=5 colspan=4 style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td height=5 colspan=4 style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Company&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Balance at June 27
 2010&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(336&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(336&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Change in fair value of derivatives&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;2
092&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;2
092&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Foreign currency translation adjustment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(236&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(236&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Balance at January 1
 2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
756&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(236&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
520&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Change in fair value of derivatives&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(544&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(544&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Foreign currency translation adjustment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(513&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(513&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Balance at December 31
 2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
212&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(749&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;463&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Change in fair value of derivatives&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(2
413&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(2
413&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Foreign currency translation adjustment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;209&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;209&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Balance at December 29
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(1
201&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(540&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(1
741&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;/table&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-size:1px;margin-top:6px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse; text-align: left border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 width=100%&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td width=3% valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td align=left valign=top&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;The income tax expense (benefit) allocated to derivatives was $1
425
 $326 and ($1
255) for the years ended December 29
 2012 and December 31
 2011 and the six-month
   period ended January 1
 2011. The tax expense allocated to derivatives of the Predecessor was $466 for the six-month period ended June 26
 2010. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;/table&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:18px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Property
 Plant and Equipment &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:6px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;The Company&amp;#8217;s property consists mainly of plants and equipment used in manufacturing activities. Assets acquired in the 2010 merger
   were valued at allocated fair value
 and subsequent capital asset additions are recorded at cost
 which includes interest on significant projects. Depreciation is provided in amounts sufficient to relate the cost of depreciable assets to operations
   over their estimated service lives
 principally on the straight-line basis. Estimated service lives range from 10-30 years for buildings and improvements and 3-15 years for machinery and equipment. Leasehold improvements are depreciated over the
   life of the lease including any extensions
 the estimated service lives range from 5-15 years. Maintenance and repairs are charged to expense in the year incurred and renewals and betterments are capitalized. The costs and accumulated depreciation
   of assets sold or disposed of are removed from the accounts and the resulting gain or loss is reflected in earnings. Plant and equipment are reviewed for impairment when conditions indicate an impairment or future impairment; the assets are either
   written down or the useful life is adjusted to the remaining period of usefulness. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:6px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;We capitalized interest of $82
000
   $374
000
 $86
000 and $133
000 in the years ended December&amp;#160;29
 2012 and December&amp;#160;31
 2011 and the six-month periods ended January&amp;#160;1
 2011 and June&amp;#160;26
 2010 relating to the construction and installation of property
 plant and
   equipment. Our policy is to capitalize interest on all major projects where construction and/or installation continue for an extended period of time&lt;u&gt;&lt;/u&gt;. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:18px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Goodwill and Intangible Assets &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:6px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;We recognize as goodwill the excess cost of an acquired entity over the net amount assigned to assets acquired
 including intangible
   assets with indefinite lives
 and liabilities assumed. Goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite lives (e.g.
 trademarks) are tested for impairment on an annual basis during the fourth quarter
 and between annual tests whenever there is an
   impairment indicated. Fair values are estimated based on our best assessment of fair value compared to the corresponding carrying value of the reporting unit
 including goodwill. Impairment losses will be recognized whenever the fair value is less
   than the carrying value of the related asset. None of our goodwill
 customer relationships or other intangible assets were impaired as of December&amp;#160;29
 2012 and no impairment losses were recorded for the years ended December&amp;#160;29
 2012
   and&amp;#160;December&amp;#160;31
 2011 or the six-month periods ended January&amp;#160;1
 2011 and June&amp;#160;26
 2010. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:12px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Approximately
   $2.7 million of goodwill is deductible for tax purposes. The following table is a reconciliation of the carrying amount of goodwill by reportable segment as of December&amp;#160;29
 2012 and December 31
 2011
 (in thousands): &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-size:12px;margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% border=0 style=border-collapse:collapse; text-align: left align=center&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td width=62%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Cheese&amp;#160;&amp;#038;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Refrigerated&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Potato&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Dairy-Case&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Egg&amp;#160;Products&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Products&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Products&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Balance as of January 1
 2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;688
250&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;92
806&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;48
538&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;829
594&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Merger related adjustment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;239&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;76&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;87&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;402&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Translation adjustment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(150&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(150&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Balance as of December&amp;#160;31
 2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;688
339&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;92
882&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;48
625&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;829
846&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Translation adjustment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;171&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;171&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Balance as of December&amp;#160;29
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;688
510&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;92
882&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;48
625&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;830
017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;/table&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:12px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;We recognize an acquired intangible asset apart from goodwill whenever the asset arises from contractual or other legal
   rights
 or whenever it is capable of being separated or divided from the acquired entity and sold
 transferred
 licensed
 rented or exchanged
 either individually or in combination with a related contract
 asset or liability. An intangible asset
   other than goodwill is amortized over its estimated useful life unless that life is determined to be indefinite. Straight-line amortization reflects an appropriate allocation of the cost of intangible assets to earnings in proportion to the amount
   of economic benefit obtained by the Company in each reporting period. The weighted average amortization period for our customer relationships is 17 years. Impairment losses are recognized if the carrying amount of an intangible asset subject to
   amortization is not recoverable from expected future cash flows
 and its carrying amount exceeds its fair value. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-size:1px;margin-top:12px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;The following are our
   intangible assets
 other than goodwill
 as of the years ended
 (in thousands): &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-size:12px;margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% border=0 style=border-collapse:collapse; text-align: left align=center&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td width=74%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;December&amp;#160;29
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;December&amp;#160;31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Amortized intangible assets
 principally customer relationships&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;521
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;521
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Accumulated amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(77
592&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(46
792&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;443
408&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;474
208&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Indefinite lived intangible assets
 trademarks&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;111
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;111
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;554
408&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;585
208&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;/table&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:12px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;The intangible asset amortization expense was $30.8 million
 $30.8 million
 $16 million and $7.5 million in the years
   ended December&amp;#160;29
 2012 and December&amp;#160;31
 2011 and the six-month periods ended January&amp;#160;1
 2011 and June&amp;#160;26
 2010. The estimated amortization expense for years 2013 through 2017 is as follows (in thousands): &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-size:12px;margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% border=0 style=border-collapse:collapse; text-align: left align=center&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td width=88%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;30
800&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;31
392&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;30
800&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;30
800&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;30
800&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;/table&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:12px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;The above amortization expense forecast is an estimate. Actual amounts may change from such estimated amounts due to
   additional intangible asset acquisitions
 potential impairment
 accelerated amortization
 or other events. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:18px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Deferred Financing Costs &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:6px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;
   Deferred financing costs are being amortized using the effective interest rate method over the lives of the respective debt agreements. Our deferred financing costs are as follows for the years ended (in
   thousands): &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-size:12px;margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% border=0 style=border-collapse:collapse; text-align: left align=center&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td width=74%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;December&amp;#160;29
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;December&amp;#160;31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Beginning balance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;46
027&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;48
545&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Additions to deferred financing costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
374&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;7
241&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Early extinguishment of debt write-off&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(1
845&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(7
965&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(7
914&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;39
436&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;46
027&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;/table&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:12px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Our credit agreement was modified on December&amp;#160;11
 2012 in connection with the issuance of senior PIK notes by
   Michael Foods Holding
 Inc. Included in the additions to deferred financing costs were direct costs related to the amendment
 which were capitalized and will be amortized using the effective interest rate method over the remaining life of the credit
   agreement. We also incurred third party fees that were expensed and included in selling
 general and administrative expenses. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:12px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Also
 our credit agreement was previously amended and restated on February&amp;#160;25
 2011. We capitalized the costs associated with the
   amendment and restatement
 which are included in the additions to deferred financing costs above. Costs not capitalized
 related to lenders who chose not to participate in our amended and restated credit agreement
 were included in early
   extinguishment of debt costs for the year ended December&amp;#160;31
 2011. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:18px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Restricted Cash &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:6px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;We and our principal insurance carrier are parties to a pledge and security agreement and an escrow agreement for the guarantee of
   deductible and/or loss limit reimbursement on workers compensation
 automobile and general liability claims. As of December 29
 2012 and December&amp;#160;31
 2011
 we had approximately $5.7 million in the escrow collateral money market account at Bank
   of New York Mellon. The funds in this account are restricted cash and the carrying value is included in long-term other assets on our balance sheet. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-size:1px;margin-top:18px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Currency Translation &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:6px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Our Egg Products Division includes a subsidiary in Canada (MFI Food Canada Ltd.). Its financial statements are included in our
   consolidated financial statements. The financial statements for the Canadian entity are measured in the local currency and then translated into U.S. dollars. The balance sheet accounts
 with the exception of retained earnings accounts
 are
   translated using the current exchange rate at the balance sheet date and the operating results are translated using the average rates prevailing throughout the reporting period. The retained earnings equity accounts are translated at historical
   average rates. Accumulated translation gains or losses are recorded in AOCI or AOCL and are included as a component of comprehensive income. Transactional gains and losses are reported in the statement of operations. Michael Foods
 Inc. holds a
   Canadian dollar-denominated note receivable from the Canadian subsidiary. As a result
 we record the exchange-rate impact on that note as a component of earnings (loss) in the period of change. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:18px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Joint Venture &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:6px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;As of December&amp;#160;29
 2012
 we have invested $2 million
 our 50% share of the capital funding of a joint venture
 in MFOSI
 LLC
 a
   Delaware LLC (&amp;#8220;MFOSI&amp;#8221;). MFOSI owns 100% of its subsidiary
 Lang Fang MK Food Company Ltd.
 a Chinese egg products company. In July 2012
 we and our joint venture partner each issued a $2 million irrevocable standby letter of credit with
   Bank of America
 N.A. as beneficiary. The letters of credit were established as a guarantee for a $4 million credit facility entered into by Lang Fang MK Food Company Ltd. and the China branch of Bank of America (see Note C). &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:12px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;The Chinese company began producing finished product in October 2011 to support customer sales. We account for the joint venture under
   the equity method of accounting. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:18px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Revenue Recognition &lt;/b&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:6px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;
   Sales to our customers are recognized when proof of delivery is received from our carriers and are recorded net of estimated customer programs and returns. We recognize revenue when all of the following
   conditions have been met: &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:6px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(1) Persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists&amp;#8212;A revenue transaction is initiated and
   evidenced by receipt of a purchase order from our customer. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:12px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(2) Delivery has occurred or services have been rendered&amp;#8212;An
   invoice is created from the bill of lading at our shipping plant and revenue is recognized when proof of delivery of the receipt of goods is received from our carriers. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:12px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;
   (3) The seller&amp;#8217;s price to the buyer is fixed or determinable&amp;#8212;Our sales invoice includes an agreed upon selling price. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:12px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;
   (4) Collectability is reasonably assured&amp;#8212;We have a documented credit and collection policy and procedure manual for determining collectability from our customers. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:12px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Our shipping policy is FOB destination; therefore
 title to goods remains with us until delivered by the carrier to our customer.
   &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:12px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Only a minor portion of our sales result in customer returns.&amp;#160;An accrual is estimated based on historical trends and
   reviewed periodically for adequacy. Revenue is appropriately reduced to reflect estimated returns. We are able to make a reasonable estimate of customer returns based upon historical trends due to the fact that our sales are not susceptible to
   significant external factors
 the return period is short
 and our sales are high volume and homogeneous in nature. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:12px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Customer
   incentive programs include customer rebates
 volume discounts and allowance programs. We have contractual arrangements with our customers and utilize agreed-upon discounts to determine the accrued promotion costs related to these customers. In
   addition
 we have contractual arrangements with end-user customers and utilize historical experience to estimate this accrual. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-size:1px;margin-top:18px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Marketing and Advertising Costs &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:6px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;We promote our products with advertising
 consumer incentives
 and trade promotions. Such programs include
 but are not limited to
   discounts
 coupons
 and fixed and volume-based incentive programs. Advertising costs are expensed as incurred and included in selling expenses. At retail
 we predominately use in-store promotional spending
 discounts and coupons.&amp;#160;Such spending
   is recorded as a reduction to sales based on amounts estimated as being due to customers and consumers at the end of a period.&amp;#160;In foodservice
 we predominately use fixed and volume-based programs.&amp;#160;Fixed marketing programs are expensed over
   the period to which sales relate and are included in selling expenses.&amp;#160;Volume&amp;#8211;based programs are recorded as a reduction to sales based on amounts estimated as being due to customers at the end of a period.&amp;#160;Our advertising expense was
   approximately $18.5 million
 $16.7 million
 $8.2 million and $7.7 million for the years ended December&amp;#160;29
 2012 and December&amp;#160;31
 2011 and the six-month periods ended January&amp;#160;1
 2011 and June&amp;#160;26
 2010. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:18px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Shipping and Handling Costs &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:6px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;The Company&amp;#8217;s shipping and handling costs are included in cost of sales. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:18px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Income Taxes &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:6px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;
   Income tax expense involves management judgment as to the ultimate resolution of any tax issues. Historically
 our assessments of the ultimate resolution of tax issues have been reasonably accurate. The
   current open issues are not dissimilar from historical items. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:12px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Deferred income taxes are computed using the asset and
   liability method
 such that deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between financial reporting amounts and the tax bases of existing assets and liabilities based on
   currently enacted tax laws and tax rates in effect for the periods in which the differences are expected to reverse. Income tax expense is the tax payable for the period plus the change during the period in deferred income taxes. Due to the size of
   our temporary differences
 changes in enacted state tax laws
 changes in the composition of our companies that file in a particular state
 or changes in state apportionment factors can have a significant impact on our deferred tax provision and
   therefore on our overall effective tax rate for the current period. Likewise
 the size of our temporary differences and their expected reversals generally result in our cash taxes being significantly more than tax expense reported in our
   consolidated financial statements. Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount more-likely-than-not expected to be realized. We are included in a consolidated federal income tax return with MFI
   Holding. State income taxes are filed on either a combined or separate company basis. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:12px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;When evaluating our tax positions
 we
   account for uncertainty in income taxes in our consolidated financial statements. The evaluation of a tax position is a two-step process
 the first step being recognition. We determine whether it is more-likely-than-not that a tax position will be
   sustained upon tax examination
 including resolution of any related appeals or litigation
 based on only the technical merits of the position. If a tax position does not meet the more-likely-than-not threshold
 the benefit of that position is not
   recognized in our financial statements. The second step is measurement. The tax position is measured as the largest amount of benefit that is more-likely-than-not of being realized upon ultimate resolution with a taxing authority. See Note D for
   additional information. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:18px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:6px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;In May 2011
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&amp;#8220;FASB&amp;#8221;) issued an update to accounting guidance for improved fair value
   measurement and disclosures. The update represents converged guidance between U.S. GAAP and International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) resulting in common requirements for measuring fair value and for disclosing information about fair value
   measurements. This new guidance was effective for our fiscal year beginning January&amp;#160;1
 2012 and the adoption of this guidance did not have an impact on our financial position
 results of operations or cash flows. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:12px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;In June 2011
 the FASB issued guidance on presentation of comprehensive income that requires us to present components of other
   comprehensive income and of net income in one continuous statement of comprehensive income
 or in two separate but consecutive statements. In December 2011
 the FASB issued a deferral of the effective date for presentations of reclassifications of
   items out of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)
 see below for update. The option to report other comprehensive income within the statement of equity has been removed. This new presentation of comprehensive income was effective for our
   fiscal year beginning January&amp;#160;1
 2012 and we have presented in one continuous statement of comprehensive income. The adoption of this guidance did not have an impact on our financial position
 results of operations or cash flows. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-size:1px;margin-top:12px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;In September 2011
 the
   FASB issued guidance on goodwill impairment testing that gives companies the option to perform a qualitative assessment that may allow them to skip the annual two-step test. The assessment examines qualitative factors to determine whether the
   existence of events or circumstances leads to a determination that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is or is not less than its carrying amount. This new guidance was effective for our fiscal year beginning
   January&amp;#160;1
 2012 and the adoption of this guidance did not have an impact on our financial position
 results of operations or cash flows. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:12px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;
   There was no other accounting pronouncement adopted during the year ended December&amp;#160;29
 2012 that had a material impact on our financial position
 operating results or disclosures. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:18px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Recent Accounting Pronouncements to be Adopted &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:6px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;In July 2012
 the FASB issued new accounting guidance
 which amends the existing guidance
 related to impairment testing of
   indefinite-lived intangible assets. The amendments allow the option of performing a qualitative impairment assessment before calculating the fair value of the intangible assets
 which could
 depending on the results of the assessment
 eliminate the
   need for further impairment testing. The guidance is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after September&amp;#160;15
 2012 with early adoption permitted. We do not expect the adoption of this guidance to have an impact on our financial
   position
 results of operations or cash flows. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:12px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;In February 2013
 the FASB updated the guidance requiring companies to report
   in one place
 information about reclassifications of accumulated other comprehensive income (&amp;#8220;AOCI&amp;#8221;) and changes in AOCI balances. For significant items reclassified out of AOCI to net income in their entirety in the same reporting period
   reporting is required about the effect of the reclassifications on the respective line items in the statement where net income is presented. For items that are not reclassified to net income in their entirety in the same reporting period
 a cross
   reference to other disclosures currently required in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States is required. The above information must be presented in one place
 either parenthetically on the face of the financial
   statements by income statement line item
 or in a note. The adoption of this updated guidance is effective for us beginning with fiscal year 2013. The adoption of this guidance is not expected to have a material impact on our financial position
   results of operations or cash flows. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:12px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;There were no other new accounting pronouncements issued during the year ended
   December&amp;#160;29
 2012 that are expected to have material impacts on our financial position
 operating results or disclosures. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;




   &lt;!-- Begin Block Tagged Note 2 - us-gaap:BusinessCombinationDisclosureTextBlock--&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:18px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;NOTE B&amp;#8212;BUSINESS COMBINATION &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:6px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;On June&amp;#160;29
 2010
 the Predecessor merged with and into MFI Acquisition Corporation
 and the surviving entity was
   renamed Michael Foods Group
 Inc. We are an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of MFI Holding and the Predecessor was a wholly owned subsidiary of Michael Foods Investors
 LLC (&amp;#8220;Parent of Predecessor&amp;#8221;). The stockholders of MFI Holding are GS
   Capital Partners VI Fund
 L.P. and its affiliates
 affiliates and co-investors of Thomas H. Lee Partners
 L.P.
 the Predecessor&amp;#8217;s largest stockholder prior to the transaction
 and certain current and former members of management. Under the
   terms of the merger
 all outstanding Predecessor shares and stock options were purchased for approximately $1.675 billion
 which amount was financed through equity contributions
 our credit agreement and 9.75% senior notes. This purchase price was
   allocated to the acquired assets and liabilities based on their estimated fair values at the acquisition date. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:12px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;In connection
   with the merger
 the Predecessor incurred transaction expenses
 stock compensation expenses related to options outstanding at the time of the merger and certain other costs we paid on behalf of our parent resulting in a dividend. Substantially all
   outstanding debt of the Predecessor was repaid. The Predecessor recorded a loss on the early extinguishment of debt related to the early repayment. Included in the loss on early extinguishment of debt were non-cash write-offs of unamortized deferred
   financing costs and unamortized original issue discount. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-size:1px;margin-top:18px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;




   &lt;!-- Begin Block Tagged Note 3 - us-gaap:DebtDisclosureTextBlock--&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;NOTE C&amp;#8212;DEBT &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:6px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Long-term debt consisted of the following as of the years ended (in thousands): &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-size:12px;margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% border=0 style=border-collapse:collapse; text-align: left align=center&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td width=74%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;December&amp;#160;29
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;December&amp;#160;31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Credit facility&amp;#8212;revolving line of credit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Credit facility&amp;#8212;term B loan&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;765
723&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;806
800&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Senior unsecured notes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;430
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;430
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Secured notes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;3
338&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;4
688&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Capital leases&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;10
685&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;10
379&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Guarantees&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;8
833&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;10
042&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Other indebtedness&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
104&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
615&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Less:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Current maturities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;19
833&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;10
096&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Unamortized original issue discount on term B loan&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;10
280&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;12
435&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
189
570&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
240
993&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;/table&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:12px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Aggregate minimum principal maturities of long-term debt for the fiscal years following December&amp;#160;29
 2012
 are as
   follows (in thousands): &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-size:12px;margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% border=0 style=border-collapse:collapse; text-align: left align=center&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td width=85%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;19
833&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;5
190&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;2
389&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;2
095&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
783&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Thereafter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
188
393&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;/table&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:18px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Credit Agreement Facilities &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:6px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;
   At December&amp;#160;29
 2012
 we had a $75 million multi-year revolving line of credit
 of which approximately $17.5 million matures June&amp;#160;29
 2015 with the remaining $57.5 million maturing
   February&amp;#160;25
 2016. As of December&amp;#160;29
 2012 and December 31
 2011
 there were no outstanding borrowings under the revolving line of credit. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:12px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;
   The term B loan
 maturing February&amp;#160;25
 2018
 is currently under Eurodollar contracts and bears interest at 1.25%
 plus a 3% margin. On December&amp;#160;27
 2012 and December&amp;#160;30
 2011
 we made $40
   million and $29 million voluntary prepayments on the term B loan. Subsequent to December 29
 2012
 we repaid an additional $10 million
 which was reflected in our current maturities of long-term debt balance. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:12px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;The credit agreement
 including the revolving line of credit and term&amp;#160;B loan
 is collateralized by substantially all of our assets.
   The credit agreement contains restrictive covenants
 including restrictions on dividends and distributions to shareholders
 a maximum leverage ratio
 a minimum interest coverage ratio and limitations on additional indebtedness and liens. Covenants
   related to operating performance are primarily based on earnings before income taxes
 interest expense
 depreciation and amortization expense
 and other adjustments as defined in the credit agreement. For the year ended December&amp;#160;29
 2012
 the
   maximum leverage ratio requirement was 6.75 to 1.00 and the minimum interest coverage ratio requirement was 1.90 to 1.00. We were in compliance with all of the covenants under the credit agreement as of December&amp;#160;29
 2012. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:18px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Senior Unsecured Notes &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:6px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;At December&amp;#160;29
 2012
 we had outstanding $430 million of 9.75% senior notes maturing on July&amp;#160;15
 2018
 with Wells Fargo Bank
   National Association as Trustee. The notes contain restrictive covenants
 including restrictions on dividends and distributions to shareholders. We were in compliance with all of the covenants under the notes as of December&amp;#160;29
 2012. The notes
   are general unsecured senior debt obligations that rank equally with all of our other unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness
 but are effectively junior to our secured indebtedness to the extent of the value of the assets securing that indebtedness
 including amounts
   due under the credit agreement. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:18px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Secured Notes &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:6px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;
   This note is a variable-rate note secured by equipment used in our potato products facility and matures on November&amp;#160;25
 2014. At December&amp;#160;29
 2012
 the note had an effective interest rate of
   3.6%. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:18px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Capital Leases &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:6px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;
   At December&amp;#160;29
 2012
 capital leases consisted of a variable rate lease secured by equipment used in our potato products facility maturing on December&amp;#160;30
 2013
 with an outstanding balance of
   $5
747
000 and an effective interest rate of 3.9%
 and a lease on our Winnipeg
 Manitoba egg products processing facility with an outstanding balance of $4
938
000
 which we renewed in July 2012 and now expires August&amp;#160;31
 2022. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:12px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;The following reflects property under capital leases (in thousands): &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-size:12px;margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% border=0 style=border-collapse:collapse; text-align: left align=center&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td width=74%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;December&amp;#160;29
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;December&amp;#160;31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Property
 plant and equipment held under lease agreements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;19
832&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;15
712&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Accumulated depreciation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(5
492&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(3
580&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;14
340&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;12
132&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;/table&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:18px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Guarantees &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:6px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;
   We have guaranteed
 through our M.G. Waldbaum Company subsidiary
 the repayment of certain industrial revenue bonds used for the expansion of the wastewater treatment facility in Wakefield
 Nebraska. We
   are required to pay the principal and interest payments related to these bonds and therefore recorded this obligation as part of long-term debt. Effective September&amp;#160;15
 2012
 the City of Wakefield
 Nebraska refinanced the outstanding bonds
   related to its wastewater treatment facility. At December&amp;#160;29
 2012
 we had approximately $8.5 million guarantee with respect to the refinanced 4.57% 2012 series bond maturing September&amp;#160;15
 2017. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:12px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;In July 2012
 we and our China joint venture partner each issued a $2 million irrevocable standby letter of credit with Bank of America
   N.A. as beneficiary. We have guaranteed
 through this standby letter of credit
 50% of a $4 million credit facility entered into by Lang Fang MK Food Company Ltd. and the China branch of Bank of America. At December&amp;#160;29
 2012
 Lang Fang MK Food
   Company Ltd. had $0.8 million outstanding under its credit facility and we have recorded our portion of the guarantee
 $0.4 million
 as part of long-term debt. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:12px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;
   The components of interest expense
 net
 are as follows (in thousands): &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-size:12px;margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% border=0 style=border-collapse:collapse; text-align: left align=center&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td width=60%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Company&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom style=border-right:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Predecessor&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Year Ended&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Six&amp;#160;Months&lt;br /&gt;Ended&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom style=border-right:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Six&amp;#160;Months&lt;br /&gt;Ended&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;December&amp;#160;29
&lt;br /&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;December&amp;#160;31
&lt;br /&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;January&amp;#160;1
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom style=border-right:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;June&amp;#160;26
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;2010&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Interest expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;78
154&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;81
985&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;47
289&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=border-right:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;27
799&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Amortization of financing costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;7
965&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;7
914&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;4
119&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=border-right:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
828&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Amortization of original issue discount on long-term debt&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;2
155&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;2
164&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
578&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=border-right:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
570&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Mark-to-market on interest rate swap contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;2
372&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;6
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=border-right:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Capitalized interest&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(82&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(374&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(86&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=border-right:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(133&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Interest income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(208&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(49&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(29&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=border-right:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(79&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom style=border-right:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Interest expense
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;90
356&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;98
140&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;52
871&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=border-right:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;30
985&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom style=border-right:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;/table&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:12px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;We have entered into six futures contracts to fix the variable portion of the interest rate on $400 million of our term
   B loan. The average rate of the contracts is 2.73% and the last contract matures on June&amp;#160;16
 2015. Because we do not treat those futures contracts as hedging instruments
 we record unrealized gains or losses as a component of earnings (loss) in
   the period of change (see Note A). &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-size:1px;margin-top:18px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;




   &lt;!-- Begin Block Tagged Note 4 - us-gaap:IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock--&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;NOTE D&amp;#8212;INCOME TAXES &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:6px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Income tax expense (benefit) is as follows (in thousands): &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-size:12px;margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% border=0 style=border-collapse:collapse; text-align: left align=center&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td width=61%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Company&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom style=border-right:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Predecessor&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Year Ended&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Six&amp;#160;Months&lt;br /&gt;Ended&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom style=border-right:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Six&amp;#160;Months&lt;br /&gt;Ended&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;December&amp;#160;29
&lt;br /&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;December&amp;#160;31
&lt;br /&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;January&amp;#160;1
&lt;br /&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom style=border-right:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;June&amp;#160;26
&lt;br /&gt;2010&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Current:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom style=border-right:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Federal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;35
920&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;6
180&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;9
375&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=border-right:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;State&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;3
579&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;2
447&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
177&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=border-right:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
129&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom style=border-right:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;39
499&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;8
627&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;10
552&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=border-right:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
129&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom style=border-right:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Deferred:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom style=border-right:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Federal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(24
157&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
715&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(10
026&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=border-right:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(14
268&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Foreign&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;37&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(60&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=border-right:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;46&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;State&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(2
855&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(11
047&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(715&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=border-right:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(672&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom style=border-right:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(26
975&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(9
342&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(10
801&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=border-right:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(14
894&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom style=border-right:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;12
524&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(715&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(249&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=border-right:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(13
765&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom style=border-right:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;/table&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:12px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;The components of the deferred tax assets and (liabilities) associated with the cumulative temporary differences
   between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts for financial reporting purposes are as follows (in thousands): &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-size:12px;margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% border=0 style=border-collapse:collapse; text-align: left align=center&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td width=74%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;December&amp;#160;29
&lt;br /&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;December&amp;#160;31
&lt;br /&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Current deferred income taxes:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Flock inventories&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(7
417&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(6
974&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Hedging&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
957&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(827&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Other
 primarily accrued expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;13
265&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;8
501&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Total gross deferred income taxes
 current&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;7
805&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;700&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(1
761&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(55&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Total current deferred income taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;6
044&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;645&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Non-current deferred income taxes:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Depreciation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(41
979&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(51
784&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Customer relationships&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(162
420&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(174
271&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Trademarks and licenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(39
969&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(40
041&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Goodwill&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(1
370&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(1
131&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Net operating loss carryforwards&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;2
179&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
766&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Debt issuance costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(9
153&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(11
681&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;5
026&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;5
451&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Total gross deferred income taxes
 non-current&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(247
686&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(271
691&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(5
509&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(4
773&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Total non-current deferred income taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(253
195&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(276
464&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:5.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Total deferred income taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(247
151&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(275
819&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;/table&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:12px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;As of December&amp;#160;29
 2012
 we have a valuation allowance of $7.3 million and the net increase during the year was
   $2.4 million. The valuation allowance was recorded against the deferred tax assets related to our foreign subsidiary and our investment in the entity that owns our foreign joint venture
 based on management&amp;#8217;s judgment that it is
   more-likely-than-not that the benefits of those deferred tax assets will not be realized in the future. The 2012 change in the valuation allowance relating to those deferred tax assets was due to a combination of currency rate fluctuations
 the
   losses related to our foreign subsidiary and investment in our foreign joint venture
 and a change in the tax rate used to determine our deferred taxes. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-size:1px;margin-top:12px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;The following is a
   reconciliation of the federal statutory income tax rate to the consolidated effective tax rate based on earnings (loss)
 before equity in losses of unconsolidated subsidiary: &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-size:12px;margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% border=0 style=border-collapse:collapse; text-align: left align=center&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td width=62%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Company&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom style=border-right:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Predecessor&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Year Ended&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Six&amp;#160;Months&lt;br /&gt;Ended&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom style=border-right:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Six&amp;#160;Months&lt;br /&gt;Ended&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;December&amp;#160;29
&lt;br /&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;December&amp;#160;31
&lt;br /&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;January&amp;#160;1
&lt;br /&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom style=border-right:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;June&amp;#160;26
&lt;br /&gt;2010&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Federal statutory rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;35.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;35.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;35.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=border-right:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;35.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;State taxes
 net of federal impact&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;3.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;8.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;9.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=border-right:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(0.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)%&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Change in state tax rate for deferred taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(2.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)%&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(48.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)%&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=border-right:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Qualified production activities deduction&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(8.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)%&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(4.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)%&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(32.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=border-right:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)%&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Other permanent differences&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;2.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(15.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=border-right:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)%&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(2.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)%&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;3.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;11.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=border-right:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(3.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)%&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(15.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=border-right:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)%&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(3.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)%&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom style=border-right:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;28.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(5.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)%&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(7.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=border-right:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)%&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;28.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom style=border-right:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;/table&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:12px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;The effective tax rates for the years ended December&amp;#160;29
 2012 and December&amp;#160;31
 2011 were impacted by a change
   in the state tax rate used to determine our deferred income tax assets and liabilities. That rate changed due to changes in enacted state laws
 changes in the composition of the groups that file in certain states and other changes to the
   apportionment of income to various states. This change did not impact cash taxes paid. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:12px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;We have foreign net operating loss
   carry-forwards of approximately $8.2 million which expire from 2025 through 2032. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:18px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes
   &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:6px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Following is a roll-forward of our unrecognized tax benefits (in thousands): &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-size:12px;margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% border=0 style=border-collapse:collapse; text-align: left align=center&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td width=60%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Company&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom style=border-right:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Predecessor&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;December&amp;#160;29
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;December&amp;#160;31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;January&amp;#160;1
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom style=border-right:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;June&amp;#160;26
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom style=border-right:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;2010&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Total unrecognized tax benefits at beginning of period&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;4
121&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;3
791&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;4
873&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=border-right:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;3
198&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Gross increase for tax positions taken in prior periods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;712&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=border-right:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Gross decrease for tax positions taken in prior periods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(17&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(385&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=border-right:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Gross increase for tax positions taken in current period&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;131&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;126&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;88&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=border-right:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
675&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Reductions relating to settlements with taxing authorities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(1
792&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(367&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=border-right:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Reductions as a result of a lapse of applicable statute of limitations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(367&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(508&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(418&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=border-right:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom style=border-right:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Total unrecognized tax benefits at end of period&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;2
079&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;4
121&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;3
791&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=border-right:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;4
873&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom style=border-right:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;/table&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:12px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;The total liability associated with unrecognized tax benefits that
 if recognized
 would impact the effective tax rate
   was approximately $1 million at December&amp;#160;29
 2012. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:12px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;The Company accrues interest and penalties associated with
   unrecognized tax benefits as interest expense in the consolidated statement of operations
 and the corresponding liability in accrued interest in the consolidated balance sheet. Expenses of approximately $0.1 million and $0.1 million for interest
   and penalties were reflected in the consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December&amp;#160;31
 2011 and the six-month period ended June&amp;#160;26
 2010. In the statement of operations for the year ended December&amp;#160;29
 2012 and six months ended January&amp;#160;1
 2011
 we had a benefit of approximately $0.2 million and $0.1 million reflecting the effect of the
   closing of statutes of limitations and settlements with taxing authorities. The corresponding liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet were approximately $0.8 million and $1 million at December&amp;#160;29
 2012 and December&amp;#160;31
 2011.
   &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:12px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Included in the balance of unrecognized tax benefits for 2012 are tax positions for which it is reasonably possible that the
   total amounts could significantly change during the next twelve months. We estimate that it is reasonably possible that $0.4 million to $0.6 million of unrecognized tax benefits could significantly change during the next twelve months. This amount
   represents a decrease in unrecognized tax benefits comprised of items related to expiring statutes. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:12px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Our uncertain tax
   positions are related to tax years that remain subject to examination. As of December&amp;#160;29
 2012
 the United States
 Minnesota
 New Jersey and Wisconsin jurisdictions remain subject to examination for tax years 2008 through 2012. The Iowa
   jurisdiction remains subject to examination for the tax years 2009 through 2012. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;




   &lt;!-- Begin Block Tagged Note 5 - us-gaap:PensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitsDisclosureTextBlock--&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:18px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;NOTE E&amp;#8212;EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT PLAN &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:6px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Employees who meet certain service requirements are eligible to participate in a defined contribution retirement plan.
   We match up to 4% of each participant&amp;#8217;s eligible compensation. Our matching contributions were $3.4 million
 $3.4 million
 $1.8 million and $1.6 million in the years ended December&amp;#160;29
 2012 and December&amp;#160;31
 2011 and the six-month
   periods ended January&amp;#160;1
 2011 and June&amp;#160;26
 2010. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:12px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;We also contribute to one union-defined contribution retirement
   plan which totaled $40
000
 $31
000
 $21
000 and $19
000 for the years ended December&amp;#160;29
 2012 and December&amp;#160;31
 2011 and the six-month periods ended January&amp;#160;1
 2011 and June&amp;#160;26
 2010. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;




   &lt;!-- Begin Block Tagged Note 6 - us-gaap:RelatedPartyTransactionsDisclosureTextBlock--&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:18px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;NOTE F&amp;#8212;RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:6px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Pursuant to a Management Agreement with Goldman
 Sachs&amp;#160;&amp;#038; Co. and THL Managers V
 LLC
 (together
 the
   &amp;#8220;managers&amp;#8221;) we pay the managers an annual fee of the greater of $2.25 million or 1.0% of consolidated earnings before interest
 taxes
 depreciation and amortization
 whichever is greater. The Predecessor had a similar agreement with THL
   Managers V
 LLC. The management fees were approximately $2.4 million
 $2.3 million
 $1.1 million and $1.1 million in the years ended December&amp;#160;29
 2012 and December&amp;#160;31
 2011 and the six-month periods ended January&amp;#160;1
 2011 and
   June&amp;#160;26
 2010 and were included in selling
 general and administrative expenses. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:12px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;On June&amp;#160;29
 2010
 MFI Holding paid
   the managers a one-time transaction fee in connection with the merger in an aggregate amount equal to $16.75 million. This fee consisted of Predecessor transaction costs
 debt financing costs and buyer-related transaction costs. We will also pay to
   the managers a 1% transaction fee (based on the total value of the transaction) in connection with certain transactions during the term of the Management Agreement
 including acquisitions
 sales or dispositions of assets or equity interests or
   similar transactions involving the Company or any of its subsidiaries. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;




   &lt;!-- Begin Block Tagged Note 7 - us-gaap:CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock--&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:18px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;NOTE G&amp;#8212;COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:6px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Lease Commitments &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:6px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;
   Our corporate offices and several of our manufacturing facilities are leased under operating leases expiring at various times through February 2024. The leases provide that real estate taxes
 insurance
   and maintenance expenses are our obligations. In addition
 we lease some of our transportation equipment under operating leases. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:12px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;
   Rent expense
 including real estate taxes and maintenance expenses
 was approximately $7.2 million
 $8.8 million
 $4.5 million
 and $4.5 million for the years ended December&amp;#160;29
 2012 and
   December&amp;#160;31
 2011 and the six-month periods ended January&amp;#160;1
 2011 and June&amp;#160;26
 2010. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-size:1px;margin-top:12px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;The following is a
   schedule of minimum rental commitments for base rent for the years ending (in thousands): &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-size:12px;margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% border=0 style=border-collapse:collapse; text-align: left align=center&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td width=88%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt; 5
686&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;5
013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;4
792&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;4
286&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;3
498&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Thereafter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;16
864&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;/table&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:18px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Other Guarantees &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:6px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;
   In addition to the debt guarantees described in Note C
 we have guaranteed the repayment of two industrial revenue bonds used for the expansion of two wastewater treatment facilities in a Minnesota
   municipality and an Iowa municipality where we have manufacturing facilities. The repayment of these bonds is funded through the wastewater treatment charges paid by us. However
 should those charges not be sufficient to pay the bond payments as
   they become due
 we have agreed to pay any shortfall. At December&amp;#160;29
 2012
 the principal balance of these two guaranteed industrial revenue bonds was approximately $1.8 million. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:18px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;
   &lt;b&gt;Procurement Contracts &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:6px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;We have entered into substantial purchase
   obligations to fulfill our egg and potato requirements. We maintain long-term egg procurement contracts with numerous cooperatives and egg producers throughout the Midwestern and Eastern United States and Canada
 which supply approximately 57% of
   our annual external egg requirements. Most of these contracts vary in length from 18 to 120 months. The egg prices are primarily indexed to grain or Urner Barry market indices. Two egg suppliers each provide more than 10% of our annual egg
   requirements. Based upon the best estimates available to us for grain and egg prices
 we project our purchases from our top five contracted egg suppliers under existing contracts will approximate $336.3 million in 2013
 $258.1 million in 2014
   $251.5 million in 2015
 $222.5 million in 2016
 and $222.7 million in 2017. The 2013 amount represents approximately 42% of our anticipated total egg requirements for the year. In addition
 we have contracts to purchase potatoes that expire in 2013.
   These contracts will supply approximately 53% of the Refrigerated Potato Products Division&amp;#8217;s raw potato needs in 2013. One potato supplier is expected to provide approximately 28% of our 2013 potato requirements. We purchase our cheese from
   numerous vendors on the open market at prevailing market prices. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:18px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Legal Matters &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:6px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;i&gt;Antitrust claims&lt;/i&gt;: In late 2008 and early 2009
 some 22 class-action lawsuits were filed in various federal courts against Michael
   Foods
 Inc. and approximately 20 other defendants (producers of shell eggs
 manufacturers of processed egg products
 and egg industry organizations)
 alleging violations of federal and state antitrust laws in connection with the production and sale
   of shell eggs and processed-egg products
 and seeking unspecified damages. Plaintiffs seek to represent nationwide classes of direct and indirect purchasers
 and allege that defendants conspired to reduce the supply of eggs by participating in
   animal husbandry
 egg-export and other programs of various egg-industry associations. In December 2008
 the Judicial Panel on Multidistrict Litigation ordered the transfer of all cases to the Eastern District of Pennsylvania for coordinated and/or
   consolidated pretrial proceedings. Between late 2010 and early 2012
 a number of companies
 each of which would be part of the purported class in the antitrust action
 brought separate actions against defendants. These &amp;#8220;tag-along&amp;#8221; cases
   brought primarily by various grocery chains and food companies
 assert essentially the same allegations as the Second Consolidated Amended Complaint in the main action. All but one of the tag-along cases were either filed in or transferred to the
   Eastern District of Pennsylvania where they are being treated as related to the main action; the one tag-along case where pretrial proceedings are not under the jurisdiction of the Eastern District of Pennsylvania was brought by a retail grocery
   chain in Kansas state court. Discovery is underway in these matters. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:12px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;We received a Civil Investigative Demand
   (&amp;#8220;CID&amp;#8221;) issued by the Florida Attorney General on November&amp;#160;17
 2008
 regarding an investigation of possible anticompetitive activities &amp;#8220;relating to the production and sale of eggs or egg products.&amp;#8221; The CID requested
   information and documents related to the pricing and supply of shell eggs and egg products
 as well as our participation in various programs of United Egg Producers. We have fully cooperated with the Florida Attorney General&amp;#8217;s Office to date.
   Further compliance was suspended pending discovery in the civil antitrust litigation referenced above. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:12px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;i&gt;Patent infringement
   litigation&lt;/i&gt;: On October&amp;#160;27
 2010
 National Pasteurized Eggs
 Inc. and National Pasteurized Eggs
 LLC (collectively &amp;#8220;NPE&amp;#8221;) commenced litigation against Michael Foods
 Inc. and several of its subsidiaries in U.S. District Court for
   the Western District of Wisconsin. NPE alleged that our pasteurized shell eggs infringe on patents and trademarks that NPE owns or licenses. On April&amp;#160;15
 2011
 Michael Foods
 Inc. commenced litigation against National Pasteurized Eggs
 Inc. in
   U.S. District Court for the District of Minnesota
 alleging that National Pasteurized Eggs
 Inc.&amp;#8217;s production and sale of pasteurized shell eggs infringed three patents exclusively licensed to Michael Foods
 Inc. The cases were consolidated before the U.S. District Court for the Western District of Wisconsin. A jury
   trial took place in June
 2012; the jury returned a verdict of patent infringement against Michael Foods and awarded $5.8 million in damages. The verdict does not affect Michael Foods&amp;#8217; ability to continue producing pasteurized shell eggs
 but
   in response to the jury verdict
 we returned to process parameters that were in place prior to April
 2010. Several post-trial motions are pending before the trial court
 including a motion for reduction of the damages award. In June 2012
 we
   recorded a liability of $5.8 million for the damages award; it is included in &amp;#8220;other current liabilities&amp;#8221; and &amp;#8220;selling
 general and administrative expenses.&amp;#8221; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:12px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;i&gt;Lawsuit against the City of Elizabeth and Liberty Water Co.:&lt;/i&gt; On January&amp;#160;28
 2010
 our subsidiary Papetti&amp;#8217;s Hygrade Egg
   Products
 Inc. commenced suit in New Jersey Superior Court against the City of Elizabeth
 N.J. and Liberty Water Company. The suit alleges that City sewer charges
 which are billed by Liberty Water
 are arbitrary and inequitable. Papetti&amp;#8217;s
   seeks a declaration that its sewer bills have been inaccurate at least since 2002
 and seeks invalidation of certain sewer-related charges and surcharges. In responding to the suit
 the City of Elizabeth counterclaimed on May&amp;#160;7
 2010 that
   Papetti&amp;#8217;s &amp;#8220;has not been charged the full and proper amount of sewage charges due to billing mistakes of Defendant Liberty Water Company
&amp;#8221; but did not allege any undercharged amount. On June&amp;#160;1
 2011
 Liberty Water gave notice of
   its belief that since 2004
 it underbilled Papetti&amp;#8217;s by some $6.5 million. In November of 2011
 Liberty Water issued invoices totaling $6.2 million to Papetti&amp;#8217;s in connection with the alleged underbilling. We have not recorded a liability
   for the alleged underbilling as we believe there is no merit in this claim. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:12px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;We do not believe it is possible to estimate any
   possible loss in connection with these litigated matters. Accordingly
 we cannot predict what impact
 if any
 these matters and any results from such matters could have on our future results of operations. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:12px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;i&gt;Other:&lt;/i&gt; In addition
 we are from time to time party to litigation
 administrative proceedings and union grievances that arise in
   the ordinary course of business
 and occasionally pay non-material amounts to resolve claims and alleged violations of regulatory requirements. There are no pending &amp;#8220;ordinary course&amp;#8221; matters that
 separately or in the aggregate
 would
 in
   the opinion of management
 have a material adverse effect on our operations
 financial condition or cash flow. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;




   &lt;!-- Begin Block Tagged Note 8 - us-gaap:StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock--&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:18px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;NOTE H&amp;#8212;SHAREHOLDER&amp;#8217;S EQUITY &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:6px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Common Stock &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:6px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;
   At December&amp;#160;29
 2012 and December&amp;#160;31
 2011
 we had 5
000 shares of common stock authorized and 100 shares issued and outstanding with a $0.01 par value. All common shares were issued to Midco
 a
   wholly owned subsidiary of Michael Foods Holding
 Inc.
 which is a wholly owned subsidiary of MFI Holding. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:18px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Additional Paid In Capital
   &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:6px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;We recorded a non-cash capital investment from our parent of $292
000 in the year ended December&amp;#160;29
 2012 related to
   the tax benefit the Company receives on Midco&amp;#8217;s tax amortization deduction due to filing a consolidated federal tax return. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:18px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Dividend
   &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:6px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;On December&amp;#160;18
 2012
 the Company used cash from operations to pay a $54 million cash dividend to its parent
 Midco
   which paid a dividend to its parent Michael Foods Holding
 Inc. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;




   &lt;!-- Begin Block Tagged Note 9 - us-gaap:DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock--&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:18px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;NOTE I&amp;#8212;STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:6px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;MFI Holding Corporation Equity Incentive Plan &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:6px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;
   MFI Holding adopted the MFI Holding Corporation Equity Incentive Plan (the &amp;#8220;Plan&amp;#8221;) to (a)&amp;#160;assist the Company and its affiliated companies in recruiting and retaining employees
 directors
   and consultants; (b)&amp;#160;provide employees
 directors and consultants with an incentive for productivity; and (c)&amp;#160;provide employees
 directors and consultants with an opportunity to share in the growth and value of the company. The maximum
   number of shares that may be subject to the Plan is 71
065. Under the form of option agreement used under the Plan
 the term of the options commences on the date of grant and expires on the tenth anniversary of the date of grant unless earlier
   terminated or cancelled. The exercise price per share purchasable under each option will be determined by the Compensation Committee of the MFI Holding Board of Directors; provided
 however
 that such exercise price shall not be less than the fair
   market value of the share on the date such option is granted. The Plan includes non-qualified time-vesting and performance-vesting options. The options and accrued stock compensation associated with the options is classified as equity and is being
   expensed during the requisite service periods. We recorded stock-based compensation expense of $2
121
000
 $1
947
000 and $1
042
000 for the years ended December&amp;#160;29
 2012 and December&amp;#160;31
 2011 and six months ended January&amp;#160;1
 2011
   respectively. As of December&amp;#160;29
 2012
 the total compensation cost for nonvested awards not yet recognized in our statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss) was approximately $5.7 million. This amount will be expensed over the
   balance of the vesting periods
 approximately 2.69 years. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-size:1px;margin-top:12px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;On December&amp;#160;18
   2012
 MFI Holding paid its shareholders a $321 million dividend. The Plan provisions require that in the event of a dividend
 an appropriate adjustment will be determined to the number of outstanding option shares granted or their exercise prices in
   order to prevent dilution. Concurrent with the MFI Holding dividend payment
 our compensation committee adopted a resolution that reduced the exercise prices of 44
173.35 performance-vesting stock options and 18
107.79 time-vesting stock options by
   the amount of the dividend per share. The required adjustment due to the dividend did not affect the fair value of the options outstanding and no incremental stock-based compensation was recorded. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:12px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;The weighted-average grant-date fair value of time-vesting Class&amp;#160;A options granted in 2012
 2011 and 2010 under the Plan was
   $659.84
 $745.90 and $585.82
 respectively. The fair value of shares vesting in 2012 and 2011 was $2.1 million and $2.1 million; no shares vested in 2010. The weighted-average grant-date fair value of options under the Plan was determined by using
   the fair value of each option grant on the date of grant
 utilizing the Black-Scholes option-pricing model and the following key assumptions: &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-size:12px;margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% border=0 style=border-collapse:collapse; text-align: left align=center&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td width=59%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;2010&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Risk-free interest rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0.83%-1.20%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1.51%-1.87%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1.58%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Expected term (in years)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Expected volatility&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;32.78%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;32.78%-32.96%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;30.41%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Expected dividends&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;None&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;None&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;None&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;/table&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:12px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;The time-vesting options (Class A) have a service condition and vest 20% on the anniversary date of the grant each year
   for five years
 commencing on the first anniversary date of the grant. They also include a performance condition which is triggered upon the occurrence of a change in control
 at which time the option shall
 to the extent not then vested
   automatically become fully vested and exercisable. Vested options may be exercised in whole or in part at any time and from time to time during the term by giving written notice of exercise. Upon exercise and execution of a Stockholders Agreement
   between MFI Holding and the grantee
 shares will be issued to the grantee. In certain instances
 agreed to by the Compensation Committee of the MFI Holding Board of Directors
 payment for exercise and applicable withholding may be made with shares
   (issued or to be issued as part of the exercise)
 and such shares to be valued at the fair market value on the date of such exercise. All shares received pursuant to time-vesting nonqualified stock option exercises will be subject to the
   Company&amp;#8217;s Stockholders Agreement
 which grants the Company a call right with respect to such shares in the event of termination of the holder&amp;#8217;s employment. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:12px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;
   The performance-vesting awards include three classes of options (referred to as Class B
 C and D options) each granted at differing option strike prices. Each class of performance-vesting options
 at the
   classes&amp;#8217; corresponding option strike price
 is treated as if it were a separate option
 each which may be exercised individually. The performance-vesting options become vested and exercisable with respect to option shares only upon the
   consummation of a liquidity event as defined in the Plan. A liquidity event will be deemed to have occurred when the existing owner group sells all of the equity securities of the company or has achieved a defined return on investment. For purposes
   of determining whether a liquidity event has occurred
 the applicable return on initial investment (&amp;#8220;ROI&amp;#8221;) threshold is a minimum return of two times. The performance-vesting options are forfeited upon termination of employment. Based upon
   the performance conditions (liquidity event
 as defined and ROI threshold of two times) for vesting of the performance-vesting options
 the conditions will not be satisfied for class B
 C or D options to become vested until a liquidity event is
   initiated. We expect all outstanding options to vest at that time. Therefore
 we have not recorded compensation cost for performance-vesting options and we will reassess the probability of meeting the performance conditions quarterly or as business
   circumstances suggest that a liquidity event is likely. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-size:1px;margin-top:12px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Information regarding
   outstanding stock options follows: &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-size:12px;margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0 style=border-collapse:collapse; text-align: left align=center&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td width=50%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Time-Vesting&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=22 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Performance Vesting&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Weighted-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Weighted-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Weighted-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Weighted-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;average&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;average&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;average&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;average&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Class A&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Exercise&amp;#160;Price&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Class B&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Exercise&amp;#160;Price&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Class C&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Exercise&amp;#160;Price&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Class D&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Exercise&amp;#160;Price&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Options&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Per Share(1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Options&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Per Share(1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Options&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Per Share(1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Options&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Per Share(1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Outstanding at December&amp;#160;31
 2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;17
890&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;401.71&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;24
178&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;2
872.87&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;11
072&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;4
358.86&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;8
923&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;5
349.52&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;418&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;858.21&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Forfeited&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(200&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;396.22&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Outstanding at December&amp;#160;29
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;18
108&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;412.31&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;24
178&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;2
872.87&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;11
072&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;4
358.86&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;8
923&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;5
349.52&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Weighted-Average Remaining Contractual Term&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;7.65&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;7.67&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;7.67&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;7.67&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top nowrap=nowrap&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Options vested and expected to vest&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;18
108&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;412.31&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;24
178&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;11
072&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;8
923&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Exercisable at December&amp;#160;29
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;6
950&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;399.05&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Weighted-Average Remaining Contractual Term&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;7.60&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;/table&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-size:12px;margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse; text-align: left border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 width=100%&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td width=4% valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td align=left valign=top&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Footnote amounts have been adjusted to reflect the change in exercise price to avoid dilution. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;/table&gt;




   &lt;!-- Begin Block Tagged Note 10 - us-gaap:SegmentReportingDisclosureTextBlock--&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:12px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;NOTE J&amp;#8212;BUSINESS SEGMENTS &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:6px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Beginning January&amp;#160;1
 2012
 we changed our internal reporting of segment information reported to our President and
   Chief Executive Officer who is our Chief Operating Decision Maker (&amp;#8220;CODM&amp;#8221;). We now report all sales of shell egg and egg products and refrigerated potato products in their respective segments and the balance of our retail distributed
   products
 cheese and other dairy-case products
 as our third segment. This change increased the amount of external net sales and operating profit reported for prior periods for both the egg products and refrigerated potato products segments as we
   reclassified the egg and refrigerated potato products previously reported under the cheese &amp;#038; other dairy-case products segment. All periods presented have been restated to reflect the new internal reporting to the CODM. This change had no impact
   on the assets of the segments as none of the underlying business unit operations were affected by this reporting change. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:12px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;With
   the exception of the reclassification change noted above
 our business activities are consistent with those of our Predecessor and continue to be organized around three business segments as follows: &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:12px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Egg Products processes and distributes numerous egg products and shell eggs primarily through its facilities in the Midwest and Eastern
   United States and Canada. Sales of egg products are made through an internal sales force and independent brokers to the foodservice
 food ingredient and retail markets primarily throughout North America
 and to certain export markets. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:12px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Refrigerated Potato Products processes and distributes refrigerated potato products from its manufacturing facilities in Minnesota and
   Nevada. Sales of potato products are made through an internal sales force and independent brokers to food service and retail markets throughout the United States. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:12px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;
   Cheese&amp;#160;&amp;#038; Other Dairy-Case Products distributes a wide range of refrigerated grocery products
 including various cheese products packaged at its Wisconsin cheese packaging facility. Sales of
   refrigerated grocery products are made through an internal sales force and independent brokers to retail and wholesale markets throughout much of the United States. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:12px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;
   Both internal and external reporting conforms to this organizational structure
 with no significant differences in accounting policies applied. We evaluate the performance of our business segments and
   allocated resources to them based primarily on operating profit
 defined as earnings before interest expense
 interest income
 income taxes and allocations of corporate costs to the respective divisions. Our corporate office maintains a majority of
   our cash under our cash management policy. See Note K for disclosure of our foreign operations represented in the Non-Guarantor Subsidiary column of the respective statements. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-size:1px;margin-top:12px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;We have the following
   concentrations in sales for major customers recorded in all three segments of our business: &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-size:12px;margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% border=0 style=border-collapse:collapse; text-align: left align=center&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td width=60%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Company&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Predecessor&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Year Ended&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Six&amp;#160;Months&lt;br /&gt;Ended&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom style=border-right:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Six&amp;#160;Months&lt;br /&gt;Ended&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;December&amp;#160;29
&lt;br /&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;December&amp;#160;31
&lt;br /&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;January&amp;#160;1
&lt;br /&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom style=border-right:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;June&amp;#160;26
&lt;br /&gt;2010&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Customer A&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;11&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=border-right:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Customer B&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;15&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;13&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;12&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=border-right:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;12&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;/table&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:12px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Certain financial information for our operating segments is as follows (in thousands): &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-size:12px;margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0 style=border-collapse:collapse; text-align: left align=center&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td width=57%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Egg&amp;#160;Products&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Refrigerated&lt;br /&gt;Potato&lt;br /&gt;Products&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Cheese &amp;#038;&lt;br /&gt;Other&lt;br /&gt;Dairy-Case&lt;br /&gt;Products&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Corporate&amp;#160;&amp;#038;&lt;br /&gt;Eliminations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Company&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;u&gt;Year ended December&amp;#160;29
 2012&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;External net sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
315
705&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;153
481&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;386
868&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
856
054&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Operating profit (loss)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;118
335&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;23
126&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;17
116&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(24
188&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;134
389&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Total assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
522
340&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;233
895&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;212
953&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;106
160&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;2
075
348&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Depreciation and amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;78
901&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;11
370&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;7
370&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;97
646&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Capital expenditures&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;32
274&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;2
800&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;2
201&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;37
275&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;u&gt;Year ended December&amp;#160;31
 2011&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;External net sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
228
410&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;138
004&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;400
174&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
766
588&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Operating profit (loss)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;101
961&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;15
716&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;18
131&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(19
648&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;116
160&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Total assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
545
678&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;239
535&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;225
728&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;129
915&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;2
140
856&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Depreciation and amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;78
443&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;11
048&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;7
748&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;97
246&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Capital expenditures&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;42
589&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
483&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
158&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;45
230&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;u&gt;Six months ended January&amp;#160;1
 2011&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;External net sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;586
860&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;71
119&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;200
327&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;858
306&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Operating profit (loss)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;49
610&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;4
399&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;7
072&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(5
692&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;55
389&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Total assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
568
733&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;248
938&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;209
619&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;136
808&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;2
164
098&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Depreciation and amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;40
221&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;5
511&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;4
027&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;49
762&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Capital expenditures&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;16
843&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;3
087&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;605&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;20
541&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Predecessor&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;u&gt;Six months ended June&amp;#160;26
 2010&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;External net sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;527
571&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;62
358&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;154
066&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;743
995&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Operating profit (loss)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;64
854&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(6
492&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;11
139&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(55
267&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;14
234&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Total assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;936
738&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;168
980&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;109
891&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;119
672&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
335
281&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Depreciation and amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;23
082&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;10
633&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;2
292&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;36
009&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Capital expenditures&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;12
286&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;9
638&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;430&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;22
354&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;/table&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-size:1px;margin-top:18px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;




   &lt;!-- Begin Block Tagged Note 11 - us-gaap:CondensedFinancialInformationOfParentCompanyOnlyDisclosureTextBlock--&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;NOTE K&amp;#8212;SUPPLEMENTAL GUARANTOR FINANCIAL INFORMATION &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:6px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;We and our 100% owned domestic subsidiaries jointly and severally
 and fully and unconditionally
 guarantee the credit
   agreement. We and our 100% owned domestic subsidiaries jointly and severally guarantee the 9.75% senior notes. The guarantee by our subsidiaries of the 9.75% senior notes is not full and unconditional as there are certain customary guarantee release
   provisions in the 9.75% senior notes indenture. The guarantee release provisions include release when there is a sale of a guarantor&amp;#8217;s capital stock
 if the guarantor is designated as an unrestricted subsidiary (currently all guarantors of the
   9.75% senior notes are restricted subsidiaries)
 there is a liquidation or dissolution of a guarantor subsidiary or a sale of all of the assets of a guarantor. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:12px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;
   The following condensed consolidating financial information presents our condensed consolidated balance sheets as of December&amp;#160;29
 2012 and December&amp;#160;31
 2011
 and the condensed consolidating
   statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss)
 and statements of cash flows for our years ended December&amp;#160;29
 2012 and December&amp;#160;31
 2011 and the six-month period ended January&amp;#160;1
 2011 and Predecessor&amp;#8217;s six-month period
   ended June&amp;#160;26
 2010. For the Company&amp;#8217;s December&amp;#160;29
 2012
&amp;#160;December&amp;#160;31
 2011 and January&amp;#160;1
 2011 periods
 the financial statements reflect Michael Foods Group
 Inc. (Corporate)
 the 100% owned guarantor subsidiaries (on
   a combined basis)
 the non-guarantor subsidiary (MFI Food Canada Ltd.)
 and elimination entries necessary to combine such entities on a consolidated basis. For the Predecessor&amp;#8217;s June&amp;#160;26
 2010 period
 the financial statements reflect
   M-Foods Holdings
 Inc. (Predecessor Corporate)
 the 100% owned Predecessor guarantor subsidiaries (on a combined basis)
 the Predecessor non-guarantor subsidiary (MFI Food Canada Ltd.)
 and elimination entries necessary to combine such entities on a
   consolidated basis. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-size:1px;margin-top:10px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Company &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Condensed Consolidating Balance Sheet &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;
   &lt;b&gt;December&amp;#160;29
 2012 &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;(Unaudited
 in thousands) &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-size:12px;margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0 style=border-collapse:collapse; text-align: left align=center&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td width=56%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Corporate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Guarantor&lt;br /&gt;Subsidiaries&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Non-Guarantor&lt;br /&gt;Subsidiary&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Eliminations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Consolidated&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Current Assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Cash and equivalents&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;43
274&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;43
274&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Accounts receivable
 less allowances&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;163
040&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
519&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(534&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;164
025&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Inventories&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;145
011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;8
160&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;153
171&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Income taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;4
036&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;4
744&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;8
780&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Prepaid expenses and other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;9
598&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;67&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;9
665&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:5.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Total current assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;4
036&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;365
667&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;9
746&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(534&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;378
915&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Property
 Plant and Equipment&amp;#8212;net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;253
605&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;11
059&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;264
664&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Goodwill&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;822
959&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;7
058&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;830
017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Intangibles and other assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;805
161&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;580
103&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(783
512&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;601
752&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Investment in subsidiaries&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;816
656&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(1
334&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(815
322&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:5.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Total assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
625
853&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;2
021
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;27
863&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(1
599
368&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;2
075
348&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Liabilities and Shareholder&amp;#8217;s Equity&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Current Liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Current maturities of long-term debt&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;10
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;8
867&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;966&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;19
833&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Accounts payable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;96
342&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;3
376&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(534&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;99
184&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Accrued liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;26
789&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;78
113&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;2
189&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;107
091&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:5.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Total current liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;36
789&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;183
322&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;6
531&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(534&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;226
108&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Long-term debt
 less current maturities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
175
443&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;774
774&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;22
865&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(783
512&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
189
570&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Deferred income taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;7
146&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;245
928&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;121&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;253
195&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Other long-term liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;6
978&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;6
978&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Shareholder&amp;#8217;s equity&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;399
497&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;816
976&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(1
654&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(815
322&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;399
497&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Total liabilities and shareholder&amp;#8217;s equity&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
625
853&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;2
021
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;27
863&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(1
599
368&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;2
075
348&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;/table&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-size:1px;margin-top:10px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Company
   &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Condensed Consolidating Balance Sheet &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;
   &lt;b&gt;December&amp;#160;31
 2011 &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;(Unaudited
 in thousands) &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-size:12px;margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0 style=border-collapse:collapse; text-align: left align=center&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td width=56%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Corporate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Guarantor&lt;br /&gt;Subsidiaries&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Non-Guarantor&lt;br /&gt;Subsidiary&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Eliminations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Consolidated&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Current Assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Cash and equivalents&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;68
118&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;68
118&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Accounts receivable
 less allowances&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;139
101&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;4
977&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(1
007&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;143
071&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Inventories&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;151
005&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;7
517&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;158
522&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Income taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;774&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;646&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
420&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Prepaid expenses and other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;10
485&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;111&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;10
596&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:5.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Total current assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;774&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;369
355&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;12
605&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(1
007&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;381
727&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Property
 Plant and Equipment&amp;#8212;net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;281
214&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;7
750&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;288
964&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Goodwill&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;822
960&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;6
886&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;829
846&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Intangibles and other assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;852
828&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;612
040&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(824
549&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;640
319&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Investment in subsidiaries&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;834
643&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;2
644&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(837
287&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:5.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Total assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
688
245&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;2
088
213&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;27
241&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(1
662
843&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;2
140
856&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Liabilities and Shareholder&amp;#8217;s Equity&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Current Liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Current maturities of long-term debt&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;2
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;6
959&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
137&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;10
096&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Accounts payable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;88
825&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;3
088&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(1
007&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;90
906&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Accrued liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;20
212&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;65
891&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
710&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;87
813&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:5.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Total current liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;22
212&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;161
675&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;5
935&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(1
007&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;188
815&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Long-term debt
 less current maturities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
222
365&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;824
351&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;18
826&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(824
549&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
240
993&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Deferred income taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;9
084&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;267
380&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;276
464&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Other long-term liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;10
621&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;10
621&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Shareholder&amp;#8217;s equity&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;423
963&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;834
807&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;2
480&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(837
287&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;423
963&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Total liabilities and shareholder&amp;#8217;s equity&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
688
245&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;2
088
213&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;27
241&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(1
662
843&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;2
140
856&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;/table&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-size:1px;margin-top:10px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Company &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Condensed Consolidating Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;For the Year Ended December&amp;#160;29
 2012 &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;
   &lt;b&gt;(Unaudited
 in thousands) &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-size:12px;margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0 style=border-collapse:collapse; text-align: left align=center&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td width=56%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Corporate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Guarantor&lt;br /&gt;Subsidiaries&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Non-Guarantor&lt;br /&gt;Subsidiary&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Eliminations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Consolidated&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Net sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
812
713&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;49
047&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(5
706&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
856
054&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Cost of sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
500
668&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;49
539&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(5
706&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
544
501&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Gross profit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;312
045&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(492&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;311
553&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Selling
 general and administrative expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;224&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;174
117&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;2
823&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;177
164&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Operating profit (loss)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(224&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;137
928&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(3
315&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;134
389&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Interest expense
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;54
827&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;34
010&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
519&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;90
356&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Unrealized gain on currency transactions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(440&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(440&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Earnings (loss) before equity in earnings (loss) of subsidiaries
 income taxes and equity in losses of unconsolidated
   subsidiary&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(55
051&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;104
358&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(4
834&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;44
473&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Equity in earnings (loss) of subsidiaries&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;64
224&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(4
871&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(59
353&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Income tax expense (benefit)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(20
921&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;33
408&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;37&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;12
524&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Equity in losses of unconsolidated subsidiary&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
855&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
855&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:5.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Net earnings (loss)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;30
094&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;64
224&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(4
871&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(59
353&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;30
094&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:5.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Comprehensive income (loss)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;30
094&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;62
176&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(5
027&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(59
353&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;27
890&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;/table&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-size:1px;margin-top:10px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Company
   &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Condensed Consolidating Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;For the Year Ended December 31
 2011 &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;
   &lt;b&gt;(Unaudited
 in thousands) &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-size:12px;margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0 style=border-collapse:collapse; text-align: left align=center&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td width=56%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Corporate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Guarantor&lt;br /&gt;Subsidiaries&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Non-Guarantor&lt;br /&gt;Subsidiary&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Eliminations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Consolidated&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Net sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
725
862&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;53
265&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(12
539&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
766
588&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Cost of sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
455
349&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;50
765&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(12
539&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
493
575&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Gross profit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;270
513&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;2
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;273
013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Selling
 general and administrative expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;5
111&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;148
869&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;2
873&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;156
853&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Operating profit (loss)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(5
111&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;121
644&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(373&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;116
160&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Interest expense
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;79
028&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;17
624&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
488&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;98
140&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Unrealized loss on currency transactions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;390&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;390&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Loss on early extinguishment of debt&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;3
527&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;3
527&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Earnings (loss) before equity in earnings (loss) of subsidiaries
 income taxes and equity in losses of unconsolidated
   subsidiary&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(87
666&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;103
630&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(1
861&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;14
103&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Equity in earnings (loss) of subsidiaries&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;62
668&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(1
851&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(60
817&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Income tax expense (benefit)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(39
287&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;38
582&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(715&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Equity in losses of unconsolidated subsidiary&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;529&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;529&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:5.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Net earnings (loss)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;14
289&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;62
668&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(1
851&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(60
817&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;14
289&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:5.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Comprehensive income (loss)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;14
289&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;61
681&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(1
921&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(60
817&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;13
232&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;/table&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-size:1px;margin-top:10px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Company
   &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Condensed Consolidating Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;For the Six Months Ended January&amp;#160;1
 2011 &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;
   &lt;b&gt;(Unaudited
 in thousands) &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-size:12px;margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0 style=border-collapse:collapse; text-align: left align=center&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td width=59%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Corporate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Guarantor&lt;br /&gt;Subsidiaries&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Non-Guarantor&lt;br /&gt;Subsidiary&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Eliminations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Consolidated&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Net sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;840
307&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;27
025&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(9
026&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;858
306&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Cost of sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;710
103&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;25
755&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(9
026&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;726
832&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Gross profit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;130
204&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
270&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;131
474&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Selling
 general and administrative expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;74
437&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
648&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;76
085&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Operating profit (loss)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;55
767&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(378&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;55
389&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Interest expense
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;52
315&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(275&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;831&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;52
871&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Unrealized gain on currency transactions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(738&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(738&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Earnings (loss) before equity in earnings (loss) of subsidiaries
 income taxes and equity in losses of unconsolidated
   subsidiary&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(52
315&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;56
780&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(1
209&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;3
256&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Equity in earnings (loss) of subsidiaries&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;35
857&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(1
149&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(34
708&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Income tax expense (benefit)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(19
735&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;19
546&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(60&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(249&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Equity in losses of unconsolidated subsidiary&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;228&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;228&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:5.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Net earnings (loss)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;3
277&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;35
857&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(1
149&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(34
708&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;3
277&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:5.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Comprehensive income (loss)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;3
277&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;37
806&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(1
242&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(34
708&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;5
133&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;/table&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-size:1px;margin-top:10px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Predecessor
   &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Condensed Consolidating Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;For the Six Months Ended June&amp;#160;26
 2010 &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;
   &lt;b&gt;(Unaudited
 in thousands) &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-size:12px;margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0 style=border-collapse:collapse; text-align: left align=center&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td width=58%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Corporate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Guarantor&lt;br /&gt;Subsidiaries&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Non-Guarantor&lt;br /&gt;Subsidiary&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Eliminations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Consolidated&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Net sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;724
649&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;27
352&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(8
006&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;743
995&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Cost of sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;595
789&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;24
965&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(8
006&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;612
748&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Gross profit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;128
860&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;2
387&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;131
247&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Selling
 general and administrative expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;100
650&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
633&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;102
283&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Transaction costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;14
730&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;14
730&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Operating profit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;13
480&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;754&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;14
234&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Interest expense
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;7
533&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;22
654&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;798&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;30
985&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Loss on early extinguishment of debt&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;6
388&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;24
850&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;31
238&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Loss before equity in earnings (loss) of subsidiaries
 income taxes and equity in losses of unconsolidated
   subsidiary&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(13
921&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(34
024&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(44&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(47
989&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Equity in earnings (loss) of subsidiaries&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(23
987&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;31&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;23
956&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Income tax benefit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(3
625&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(10
065&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(75&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(13
765&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Equity in losses of unconsolidated subsidiary&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;59&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;59&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:5.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Net earnings (loss)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(34
283&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(23
987&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;31&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;23
956&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(34
283&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:5.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Comprehensive income (loss)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(34
283&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(24
532&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(50&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;23
956&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(34
909&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;/table&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-size:1px;margin-top:10px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Company &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Condensed Consolidating Statement of Cash Flows &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;
   &lt;b&gt;For the Year Ended December&amp;#160;29
 2012 &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;(Unaudited
 in thousands)
   &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-size:12px;margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0 style=border-collapse:collapse; text-align: left align=center&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td width=67%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Guarantor&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Non-Guarantor&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Corporate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Subsidiaries&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Subsidiary&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Consolidated&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(23
863&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;139
818&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
950&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;117
905&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Cash flows from investing activities:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Capital expenditures&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(34
767&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(2
508&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(37
275&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:5.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Net cash used in investing activities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(34
767&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(2
508&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(37
275&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Cash flows from financing activities:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Payments on long-term debt&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(41
077&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(6
959&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(1
294&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(49
330&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Deferred financing costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(1
374&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(1
374&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Dividend to parent&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(54
769&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(54
769&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Dividends from subsidiaries&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;121
083&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(122
936&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
853&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:5.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;23
863&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(129
895&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;559&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(105
473&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Effect of exchange rate changes on cash&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Net decrease in cash and equivalents&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(24
844&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(24
844&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Cash and equivalents at beginning of period&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;68
118&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;68
118&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Cash and equivalents at end of period&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;43
274&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;43
274&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;/table&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-size:1px;margin-top:10px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Company
   &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Condensed Consolidating Statement of Cash Flows &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;For the Year Ended December&amp;#160;31
 2011 &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;
   &lt;b&gt;(Unaudited
 in thousands) &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-size:12px;margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0 style=border-collapse:collapse; text-align: left align=center&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td width=64%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Guarantor&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Non-Guarantor&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Corporate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Subsidiaries&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Subsidiary&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Consolidated&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;3
121&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;122
160&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(2
112&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;123
169&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Cash flows from investing activities:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Capital expenditures&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(44
868&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(362&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(45
230&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Investments in and equity adjustments of joint ventures and other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(850&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(850&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:5.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Net cash used in investing activities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(45
718&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(362&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(46
080&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Cash flows from financing activities:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Payments on long-term debt&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(813
225&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(6
688&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(1
453&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(821
366&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Proceeds from long-term debt&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;840
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;840
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Deferred financing costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(7
241&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(7
241&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Dividend to parent&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(65
096&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(65
096&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Dividends from subsidiaries&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;42
441&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(45
246&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;2
805&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:5.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(3
121&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(51
934&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
352&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(53
703&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Effect of exchange rate changes on cash&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(73&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(73&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Net increase (decrease) in cash and equivalents&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;24
508&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(1
195&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;23
313&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Cash and equivalents at beginning of period&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;43
610&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
195&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;44
805&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Cash and equivalents at end of period&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;68
118&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;68
118&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;/table&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-size:1px;margin-top:10px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Company
   &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Condensed Consolidating Statement of Cash Flows &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;For the Six Months Ended January&amp;#160;1
 2011 &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;
   &lt;b&gt;(Unaudited
 in thousands) &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-size:12px;margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0 style=border-collapse:collapse; text-align: left align=center&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td width=65%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Guarantor&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Non-Guarantor&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Corporate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Subsidiaries&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Subsidiary&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Consolidated&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Net cash provided by operating activities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;22
881&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;47
336&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
110&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;71
327&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Cash flows from investing activities:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Capital expenditures&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(19
801&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(740&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(20
541&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Business acquisition (net of cash acquired)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(1
675
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;63
073&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;2
111&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(1
609
816&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Investments in and equity adjustments of joint ventures and other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;318&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;318&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:5.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(1
675
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;43
590&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
371&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(1
630
039&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Cash flows from financing activities:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Payments on long-term debt&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(9
975&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(3
361&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(1
339&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(14
675&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Proceeds from long-term debt&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
202
700&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
202
700&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Deferred financing costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(52
337&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(52
337&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Dividend to parent&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(15
374&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(15
374&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Capital investment by parent&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;527
105&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(43
955&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;483
150&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:5.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
652
119&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(47
316&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(1
339&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
603
464&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Effect of exchange rate changes on cash&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;53&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;53&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Net increase in cash and equivalents&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;43
610&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
195&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;44
805&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Cash and equivalents at beginning of period&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Cash and equivalents at end of period&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;43
610&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
195&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;44
805&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;/table&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-size:1px;margin-top:10px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Predecessor
   &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Condensed Consolidating Statement of Cash Flows &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;For the Six Months Ended June&amp;#160;26
 2010 &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;
   &lt;b&gt;(Unaudited
 in thousands) &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-size:12px;margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0 style=border-collapse:collapse; text-align: left align=center&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td width=66%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Guarantor&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Non-Guarantor&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Corporate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Subsidiaries&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Subsidiary&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Consolidated&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(7
511&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;48
696&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;2
638&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;43
823&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Cash flows from investing activities:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Capital expenditures&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(22
152&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(202&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(22
354&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Investment in joint venture&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(1
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(1
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:5.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Net cash used in investing activities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(23
652&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(202&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(23
854&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Cash flows from financing activities:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Payments on long-term debt&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(154
061&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(530
336&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(1
167&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(685
564&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Proceeds from long-term debt&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;6
032&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;6
032&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Deferred financing costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(153&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(153&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Capital investment by parent&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;161
572&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;476
298&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;637
870&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:5.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;7
511&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(48
159&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(1
167&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(41
815&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Effect of exchange rate changes on cash&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(31&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(31&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Net increase (decrease) in cash and equivalents&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(23
115&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
238&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(21
877&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Cash and equivalents at beginning of period&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;86
189&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;872&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;87
061&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Cash and equivalents at end of period&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;63
074&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;2
110&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;65
184&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;/table&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-size:1px;margin-top:18px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;




   &lt;!-- Begin Block Tagged Note 12 - us-gaap:QuarterlyFinancialInformationTextBlock--&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;NOTE L&amp;#8212;QUARTERLY FINANCIAL DATA &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-size:12px;margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0 style=border-collapse:collapse; text-align: left align=center&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td width=68%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Quarter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;(Unaudited
 in thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;First&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Second&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Third&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Fourth&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;u&gt;For the period ended December&amp;#160;29
 2012&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Net sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;444
826&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;436
661&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;470
947&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;503
620&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Gross profit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;79
401&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;73
565&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;75
358&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;83
229&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Net earnings (loss)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;9
352&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(1
706&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&amp;#160;(a)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;8
740&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;13
708&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;u&gt;For the period ended December&amp;#160;31
 2011&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Net sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;417
101&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;420
019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;459
487&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;469
981&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Gross profit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;72
613&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;58
082&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;66
020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;76
298&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Net earnings (loss)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(435&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(5
166&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&amp;#160;(b)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;570&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;19
320&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;/table&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-size:12px;margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse; text-align: left border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 width=100%&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td width=4% valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(a)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td align=left valign=top&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Impacted by the jury award in the National Pasteurized Eggs
 Inc. trial (see Note G). &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;/table&gt;
   &lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse; text-align: left border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 width=100%&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td width=4% valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(b)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td align=left valign=top&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Impacted by the costs associated with our February 2011 amended and restated credit agreement and the registration of the 9.75% senior notes with the Securities and
   Exchange Commission. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;/table&gt;




   &lt;!-- Begin Block Tagged Accounting Policy: note1_accounting_policy_table1 - micf:BusinessDescriptionPolicyTextBlock--&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:6px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;The Company &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:6px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;
   Michael Foods Group
 Inc. is a diversified producer and distributor of food products in three areas&amp;#8212;egg products
 cheese and other dairy-case products
 and refrigerated potato products. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:12px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Michael Foods Group
 Inc. is a wholly-owned subsidiary of MFI Midco Corporation (&amp;#8220;Midco&amp;#8221; or &amp;#8220;Parent&amp;#8221;). Midco is a
   wholly-owned subsidiary of Michael Foods Holding
 Inc. Michael Foods Holding
 Inc. is a wholly-owned subsidiary of MFI Holding Corporation (&amp;#8220;MFI Holding&amp;#8221;)
 whose security holders include affiliates of Goldman Sachs Capital Partners
   affiliates and co-investors of Thomas H. Lee Partners L.P. and certain current and former members of management. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;




   &lt;!-- Begin Block Tagged Accounting Policy: note1_accounting_policy_table2 - us-gaap:BasisOfAccountingPolicyPolicyTextBlock--&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:18px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Basis of Presentation &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:6px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;As further discussed in Note B
 on June&amp;#160;29
 2010
 M-Foods Holdings
 Inc. together with its subsidiaries
 the &amp;#8220;Predecessor
&amp;#8221;
   merged with and into MFI Acquisition Corporation
 and the surviving entity was renamed Michael Foods Group
 Inc. (&amp;#8220;Michael Foods
&amp;#8221; &amp;#8220;Company
&amp;#8221; &amp;#8220;we
&amp;#8221; &amp;#8220;us
&amp;#8221; &amp;#8220;our&amp;#8221;). The merger was accounted for as a
   business combination and a new accounting basis was established.&amp;#160;Accordingly
 the accompanying consolidated financial statements are presented for two periods
 Company and Predecessor
 which relate to the accounting periods succeeding and
   preceding the consummation of the merger.&amp;#160;The Company and Predecessor periods have been separated by a vertical line on the face of the consolidated financial statements to highlight the fact that the financial information for such periods has
   been prepared under two different historical-cost basis of accounting.&amp;#160;The accounting policies followed by us in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements for the Company are consistent with those of the Predecessor and are
   further described below. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:12px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Also
 as discussed in Note B
 the Predecessor is
 collectively
 M-Foods Holdings
 Inc. and its
   subsidiaries. The Michael Foods entity that filed reports with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (&amp;#8220;SEC&amp;#8221;) prior to the June&amp;#160;29
 2010 merger was Michael Foods
 Inc.
 a direct
 wholly-owned subsidiary of M-Foods Holdings
 Inc.
   In general
 the Michael Foods
 Inc. filings did not include financial information with respect to M-Foods Holdings
 Inc. Consequently
 certain Predecessor information herein is not directly comparable to information in the Michael Foods
 Inc.
   filings. Prior to the merger
 M-Foods Holdings
 Inc. liabilities consisted solely of then outstanding senior subordinated notes and M-Foods Holdings
 Inc.&amp;#8217;s sole asset was the shares of Michael Foods
 Inc. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;




   &lt;!-- Begin Block Tagged Accounting Policy: note1_accounting_policy_table3 - us-gaap:ConsolidationPolicyTextBlock--&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:18px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Principles of Consolidation and Fiscal Year &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:6px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and all wholly and majority owned subsidiaries in which it has
   control. All significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated. The Company&amp;#8217;s investments in non-controlled entities in which it has the ability to exercise significant influence over operating and financial policies are
   accounted for by the equity method. The Company utilizes a 52/53-week fiscal year ending on the Saturday nearest to December&amp;#160;31. The periods presented are as follows: &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:12px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;
   Fiscal year 2012 contained a 52-week period and ended December&amp;#160;29
 2012. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:12px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Fiscal year 2011 contained a 52-week period and ended December&amp;#160;31
 2011. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:12px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Fiscal six month period ended January&amp;#160;1
 2011 contained 27 weeks. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:12px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Fiscal six month period ended June&amp;#160;26
 2010 contained 25 weeks. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;




   &lt;!-- Begin Block Tagged Accounting Policy: note1_accounting_policy_table4 - us-gaap:UseOfEstimates--&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:18px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Use of Estimates &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:6px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;
   Preparation of the consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect
   reported amounts of assets and liabilities
 related revenues and expenses and disclosure about contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements. Actual results could differ from the estimates used by management. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;




   &lt;!-- Begin Block Tagged Accounting Policy: note1_accounting_policy_table5 - us-gaap:PriorPeriodReclassificationAdjustmentDescription--&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Reclassifications &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:6px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Certain reclassifications of previously reported amounts on the balance sheet have been made to conform to the current year presentation.
   The reclassifications had no impact on net earnings or operating cash flows. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;




   &lt;!-- Begin Block Tagged Accounting Policy: note1_accounting_policy_table6 - us-gaap:CashAndCashEquivalentsPolicyTextBlock--&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:18px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Cash and Equivalents &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:6px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;We consider all highly liquid temporary investments with original maturities of three months or less to be cash equivalents. Significantly
   all of our cash is held with one financial institution. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;




   &lt;!-- Begin Block Tagged Accounting Policy: note1_accounting_policy_table7 - us-gaap:TradeAndOtherAccountsReceivablePolicy--&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:18px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Accounts Receivable &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:6px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;We grant credit to our customers in the normal course of business
 but generally do not require collateral or any other security to
   support amounts due from customers. Management performs on-going credit evaluations of customers. We maintain an allowance for potential credit losses based on historical write-off experience which
 when realized
 have been within management&amp;#8217;s
   expectations. The allowance was $1
139
000 and $875
000 at December&amp;#160;29
 2012 and December&amp;#160;31
 2011. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;




   &lt;!-- Begin Block Tagged Accounting Policy: note1_accounting_policy_table8 - us-gaap:InventoryPolicyTextBlock--&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:18px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Inventories &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:6px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;
   Inventories
 other than flocks
 are stated at the lower of cost (determined on a first-in
 first-out basis) or market. Flock inventory represents the cost of purchasing and raising flocks to laying
   maturity. The costs included in our flock inventory include the costs of the chicks
 the feed fed to the birds
 and the labor and overhead costs incurred to operate the pullet facilities until the birds are transferred into the laying facilities
 at
   which time their cost is amortized to operations over their expected useful lives. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:12px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Inventories consisted of the following as
   of the years ended
 (in thousands): &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-size:12px;margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% border=0 style=border-collapse:collapse; text-align: left align=center&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td width=74%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;December&amp;#160;29
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;December&amp;#160;31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Raw materials and supplies&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;28
989&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;25
488&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Work in process and finished goods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;88
353&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;99
605&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Flocks&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;35
829&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;33
429&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;153
171&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;158
522&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;/table&gt;




   &lt;!-- Begin Block Tagged Accounting Policy: note1_accounting_policy_table9 - us-gaap:FairValueOfFinancialInstrumentsPolicy--&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:18px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Financial Instruments and Fair Value Measurements &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:6px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;We are exposed to market risks from changes in commodity prices
 which may adversely affect our operating results and financial position.
   When appropriate
 we seek to minimize our risks from commodity price fluctuations through the use of derivative financial instruments
 such as commodity purchase contracts
 which are classified as derivatives
 along with other instruments relating
   primarily to corn
 soybean meal
 cheese and energy-related needs. We estimate fair values based on exchange-quoted prices
 adjusted as appropriate for differences in local markets. These differences are generally valued using inputs from broker or
   dealer quotations
 or market transactions in either the listed or over-the-counter commodity markets. In such cases
 these derivative contracts are classified within Level&amp;#160;2 of the fair value hierarchy. Changes in the fair values of these
   contracts are recognized in the consolidated financial statements as a component of cost of sales or other comprehensive income (loss). The hedging-related financial instruments measured at fair value on a recurring basis are included in current
   assets
 under &amp;#8220;prepaid expenses and other.&amp;#8221; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:12px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;In addition
 we seek to minimize our risks from interest rate
   fluctuations through the use of interest rate swap contracts. These instruments are valued using standard calculations and models with inputs other than quoted market prices provided by our banking partners. The fair value of instruments may be
   impacted by the Company&amp;#8217;s nonperformance risk
 which is estimated based upon the unsecured borrowing rates available to the Company. The borrowing rates available to the Company are considered a significant unobservable input used in the fair
   value measurement of such instruments. As such
 they were included in the Level 3 fair value measurements as of December&amp;#160;29
 2012 and December&amp;#160;31
 2011. A 1% change in the unobservable input would have an approximately $0.1 million effect
   on interest expense. Management has elected not to account for these instruments as designated hedges so changes in the fair values of these instruments are recognized in the consolidated financial statements as a component of interest expense. The
   interest rate swap contract liability is measured at fair value on a recurring basis and the current portion of the liability is included in &amp;#8220;other accrued liabilities&amp;#8221; and the long-term portion is included in &amp;#8220;other long-term
   liabilities&amp;#8221;. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-size:1px;margin-top:12px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;The following table
   provides a reconciliation of the beginning and ending balances of items measured at fair value on a recurring basis that used Level 3
 significant unobservable inputs (in thousands): &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-size:12px;margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% border=0 style=border-collapse:collapse; text-align: left align=center&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td width=74%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Interest Rate Swap Contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;December&amp;#160;29
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;December&amp;#160;31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Beginning balance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;6
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Unrealized loss included in interest expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;2
372&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;6
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Ending balance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;8
872&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;6
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;/table&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:12px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;The following table sets forth our hedging-related financial assets and liabilities measured on a recurring basis as of
   the years ended December&amp;#160;29
 2012 and December&amp;#160;31
 2011 (in thousands): &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-size:12px;margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% border=0 style=border-collapse:collapse; text-align: left align=center&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td width=54%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Quoted&amp;#160;Prices&amp;#160;in&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Significant&amp;#160;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Significant&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Active&amp;#160;Markets&amp;#160;for&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Observable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Unobservable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Identical Assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Inputs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Inputs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;(Level 1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;(Level 2)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;(Level 3)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;/b&gt;Fair Value Measurements As of December 29
 2012&lt;b&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Assets at fair value:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Commodity contracts - Grain&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Commodity contracts - Energy&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:5.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Total assets at fair value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Liabilities at fair value:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Commodity contracts - Grain&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
607&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
607&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Commodity contracts - Energy&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;116&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;116&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Interest rate swap contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;8
872&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;8
872&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:5.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Total liabilities at fair value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;10
595&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
723&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;8
872&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td height=16&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td height=16 colspan=16&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;/b&gt;Fair Value Measurements As of December 31
 2011&lt;b&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Assets at fair value:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Commodity contracts - Grain&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;2
906&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;2
906&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Commodity contracts - Energy&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:5.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Total assets at fair value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;2
906&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;2
906&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Liabilities at fair value:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Commodity contracts - Grain&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Commodity contracts - Energy&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;618&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;618&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Interest rate swap contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;6
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;6
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:5.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Total liabilities at fair value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;7
118&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;618&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;6
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;/table&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:12px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;The carrying amount of our debt (including current maturities) was $1.21 billion as of December&amp;#160;29
 2012 and $1.25
   billion as of December&amp;#160;31
 2011. Based on current market rates provided primarily by various bank sources
 the fair value of this debt at December&amp;#160;29
 2012 and December&amp;#160;31
 2011 was estimated at $1.26 billion and $1.27 billion
   respectively. Our cash
 accounts receivable
 accounts payable and other liabilities&amp;#8217; carrying value approximates fair value. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;




   &lt;!-- Begin Block Tagged Accounting Policy: note1_accounting_policy_table10 - us-gaap:DerivativesMethodsOfAccountingHedgingDerivatives--&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:18px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Accounting for Hedging Activities &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:6px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Certain of our operating segments enter into derivative instruments
 such as corn and soybean meal futures
 which we believe provide an
   economic hedge on future transactions and are designated as cash flow hedges. As the commodities being hedged are grain ingredients fed to our flocks
 the changes in the market value of such contracts have historically been
 and are expected to
   continue to be
 highly effective at offsetting changes in price movements of these items. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:12px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;We actively monitor exposure to
   commodity price risks and use derivative commodity instruments to manage the impact of certain of these risks. We use derivatives
 primarily futures contracts
 only for the purpose of managing risks associated with underlying commodity exposures.
   Our futures contracts for grains are cash flow hedges of firm purchase commitments and anticipated production requirements
 as they reduce our exposure to changes in the cash price of the respective items and generally extend for less than one year. We expect that
   within the next twelve months we will reclassify
 as earnings or losses
 substantially all of the amount recorded in accumulated other comprehensive loss. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:12px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;
   In addition
 we use derivative instruments to mitigate some of the risk associated with our energy-related needs and interest costs. We do not treat those futures contracts as hedging instruments and
   therefore
 record the gains or losses related to them as a component of earnings in the period of change. We do not trade or use instruments with the objective of earning financial gains on the commodity price
 nor do we use instruments where there
   is no underlying exposure. All derivatives are recognized at their fair value. For derivative instruments designated and qualifying as cash flow hedges
 the effective portion of the gain or loss on the derivative is reported as a component of other
   comprehensive income or (loss) (&amp;#8220;AOCI&amp;#8221; or &amp;#8220;AOCL&amp;#8221;) in the equity section of our balance sheet and an associated amount is recorded in &amp;#8220;prepaid expenses and other current assets.&amp;#8221; The amounts carried in cash
 when
   appropriate
 represent the fair value of our positions in excess of the margin requirements. We offset certain derivative asset and liability amounts where a legal right of offset exists. The amounts deferred are subsequently recognized in cost of
   sales when the associated products are sold. The cost or benefit of contracts closed prior to the execution of the underlying purchase is deferred until the anticipated purchase occurs. As a result of the volatility of the markets
 deferred gains
   and losses in AOCI or AOCL may fluctuate until the related contract is closed. Gains and losses on the derivative representing hedge ineffectiveness are recognized in current earnings. We do not exclude any items from our assessment of
   ineffectiveness. During the years ended December&amp;#160;29
 2012 and December 31
 2011
 we did not discontinue any cash flow hedges; therefore no reclassification of gains or losses into earnings was made during the period related to such items.
   &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:12px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;We had the following outstanding commodity-forward contracts for hedging of forecasted purchases of grain
 as of the years
   ended (in thousands): &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-size:12px;margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% border=0 style=border-collapse:collapse; text-align: left align=center&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td width=56%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Corn Volume (in bushels)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Soybean Meal Volume (in tons)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;December&amp;#160;29
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;December&amp;#160;31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;December&amp;#160;29
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;December&amp;#160;31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Commodity Contract&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;3
060&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;6
375&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;33&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;72&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;/table&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:12px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Information on location and amounts of derivative fair values in the consolidated balance sheets is presented below
 as
   of the years ended (in thousands): &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-size:12px;margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0 style=border-collapse:collapse; text-align: left align=center&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td width=40%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td width=36%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Fair Value (1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;December&amp;#160;29
&amp;#160;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;December&amp;#160;31
 2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:1px align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Balance Sheet Location&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Asset&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Liability&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Asset&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Liability&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top colspan=3&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;u&gt;Derivatives designated as hedging instruments:&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Commodity contracts &amp;#8211; Grain&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Prepaid expenses and other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;205&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(1
812&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;3
788&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(882&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top colspan=3&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;u&gt;Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments:&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Commodity contracts &amp;#8211; Energy&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Prepaid expenses and other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;36&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(152&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;30&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(648&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Interest rate swap contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Other accrued liabilities and other long-term liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(8
872&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(6
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;/table&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:12px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(1) Amounts represent the gross fair value of derivative assets and liabilities. The Company nets the derivative assets and liabilities
   for each of its hedging programs
 including cash collateral
 when a master netting arrangement exists between the Company and the counterparty to the derivative contract. The amount or timing of cash collateral balances may impact the classification
   of the derivative in the consolidated balance sheets. The gross fair value of the commodity grain contracts is exclusive of cash collateral receivable of $3.5 million and $0.2 million as of December&amp;#160;29
 2012 and December&amp;#160;31
 2011. The
   gross fair value of the commodity energy contracts is exclusive of cash collateral receivable of $0.2 million and $0.9 million as of December&amp;#160;29
 2012 and December&amp;#160;31
 2011. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:12px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:3%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;The following table represents the effect of derivative instruments in cash flow hedging relationships on our Consolidated Statements of
   Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 net of tax for the periods ended December&amp;#160;29
 2012
&amp;#160;December&amp;#160;31
 2011
&amp;#160;January&amp;#160;1
 2011 and June&amp;#160;26
 2010 (in thousands): &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-size:12px;margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0 style=border-collapse:collapse; text-align: left align=center&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td width=54%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=8 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;(Effective Portion)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=4 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:1px align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;(Ineffective Portion)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Gain&amp;#160;(Loss)&lt;br /&gt;Recognized&amp;#160;in&lt;br /&gt;AOCI on&lt;br /&gt;Derivative&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:1px align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Location of&lt;br /&gt;Gain (Loss)&lt;br /&gt;Reclassified&lt;br /&gt;from
   AOCI&lt;br /&gt;into&amp;#160;Earnings&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Gain (Loss)&lt;br /&gt;Reclassified&lt;br /&gt;from AOCI&lt;br /&gt;into&amp;#160;Earnings&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:1px align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Location of&lt;br /&gt;Gain
   (Loss)&lt;br /&gt;Recognized&amp;#160;in&lt;br /&gt;Earnings&amp;#160;on&lt;br /&gt;Derivative&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Gain&amp;#160;(Loss)&lt;br /&gt;Recognized&amp;#160;in&lt;br /&gt;Earnings on&lt;br /&gt;Derivative&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Company&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;/b&gt;For the year ended December 29
 2012&lt;b&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Commodity contracts &amp;#8211; Grain&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;(1
200&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Cost&amp;#160;of&amp;#160;sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
213&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Cost&amp;#160;of&amp;#160;sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(72&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td height=16&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td height=16 colspan=16&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;/b&gt;For the year ended December 31
 2011&lt;b&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Commodity contracts &amp;#8211; Grain&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt; 1
164&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Cost of sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
708&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Cost of sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;63&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td height=16&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td height=16 colspan=16&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;/b&gt;For the six months ended January 1
 2011&lt;b&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Commodity contracts &amp;#8211; Grain&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt; 1
806&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Cost of sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(286&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Cost of sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;15&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td height=16&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td height=16 colspan=16&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;/b&gt;For the six months ended June 26
 2010&lt;b&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Predecessor&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Commodity contracts &amp;#8211; Grain&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt; (405&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Cost of sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;372&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Cost of sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;/table&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:12px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:3%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;The following table represents the effect of derivative instruments not designated as hedging instruments on our
   Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the periods ended December&amp;#160;29
 2012
&amp;#160;December&amp;#160;31
 2011
&amp;#160;January&amp;#160;1
 2011 and June&amp;#160;26
 2010 (in thousands): &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-size:12px;margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0 style=border-collapse:collapse; text-align: left align=center&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td width=55%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom rowspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Locations&amp;#160;of&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Gain
   (Loss)&lt;br /&gt;Recognized&amp;#160;in&lt;br /&gt;Earnings on&lt;br /&gt;Derivative&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Company&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom style=border-left:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Predecessor&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Ended&lt;br /&gt;December&amp;#160;
   29
&lt;br /&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Ended&lt;br /&gt;December&amp;#160;
   31
&lt;br /&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Six&amp;#160;Months&lt;br /&gt;Ended&lt;br /&gt;January&amp;#160;1
&lt;br /&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom style=border-left:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Six Months&lt;br /&gt;Ended&lt;br /&gt;June&amp;#160;26
&lt;br /&gt;2010&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Gain (Loss) Recognized in Earnings on Derivative&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Commodity contracts &amp;#8211; Energy&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Cost&amp;#160;of&amp;#160;sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;247&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(1
017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(443&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom style=border-left:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;342&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom style=border-left:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Interest rate swap contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Interest&amp;#160;expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(2
372&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(6
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom style=border-left:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom style=border-left:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;/table&gt;




   &lt;!-- Begin Block Tagged Accounting Policy: note1_accounting_policy_table11 - us-gaap:ComprehensiveIncomePolicyPolicyTextBlock--&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:18px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Accumulated Comprehensive Income (Loss) &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:6px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:3%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Other comprehensive income (loss) is comprised of unrealized gains (losses) on cash flow hedges and foreign currency translation
   adjustments. The components of changes in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)
 net of taxes
 were as follows (in thousands): &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-size:12px;margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% border=0 style=border-collapse:collapse; text-align: left align=center&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td width=65%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Fair&amp;#160;Value&amp;#160;of&lt;br /&gt;Derivatives
&lt;br /&gt;net of tax (1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Foreign&lt;br /&gt;Currency&lt;br /&gt;Translation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Total&lt;br /&gt;Accumulated&lt;br /&gt;Other&lt;br /&gt;Comprehensive&lt;br /&gt;Income (Loss)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Predecessor&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Balance at January 2
 2010&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;440&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;3
855&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;4
295&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Change in fair value of derivatives&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(776&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(776&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Foreign currency translation adjustment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;150&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;150&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Balance at June 26
 2010&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(336&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;4
005&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;3
669&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td height=5 style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td height=5 colspan=4 style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td height=5 colspan=4 style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td height=5 colspan=4 style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Company&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Balance at June 27
 2010&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(336&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(336&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Change in fair value of derivatives&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;2
092&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;2
092&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Foreign currency translation adjustment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(236&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(236&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Balance at January 1
 2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
756&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(236&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
520&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Change in fair value of derivatives&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(544&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(544&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Foreign currency translation adjustment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(513&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(513&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Balance at December 31
 2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
212&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(749&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;463&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Change in fair value of derivatives&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(2
413&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(2
413&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Foreign currency translation adjustment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;209&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;209&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Balance at December 29
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(1
201&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(540&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(1
741&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;/table&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-size:1px;margin-top:6px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse; text-align: left border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 width=100%&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td width=3% valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td align=left valign=top&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;The income tax expense (benefit) allocated to derivatives was $1
425
 $326 and ($1
255) for the years ended December 29
 2012 and December 31
 2011 and the six-month
   period ended January 1
 2011. The tax expense allocated to derivatives of the Predecessor was $466 for the six-month period ended June 26
 2010. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;/table&gt;




   &lt;!-- Begin Block Tagged Accounting Policy: note1_accounting_policy_table12 - us-gaap:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentPolicyTextBlock--&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:18px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Property
 Plant and Equipment &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:6px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;The Company&amp;#8217;s property consists mainly of plants and equipment used in manufacturing activities. Assets acquired in the 2010 merger
   were valued at allocated fair value
 and subsequent capital asset additions are recorded at cost
 which includes interest on significant projects. Depreciation is provided in amounts sufficient to relate the cost of depreciable assets to operations
   over their estimated service lives
 principally on the straight-line basis. Estimated service lives range from 10-30 years for buildings and improvements and 3-15 years for machinery and equipment. Leasehold improvements are depreciated over the
   life of the lease including any extensions
 the estimated service lives range from 5-15 years. Maintenance and repairs are charged to expense in the year incurred and renewals and betterments are capitalized. The costs and accumulated depreciation
   of assets sold or disposed of are removed from the accounts and the resulting gain or loss is reflected in earnings. Plant and equipment are reviewed for impairment when conditions indicate an impairment or future impairment; the assets are either
   written down or the useful life is adjusted to the remaining period of usefulness. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:6px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;We capitalized interest of $82
000
   $374
000
 $86
000 and $133
000 in the years ended December&amp;#160;29
 2012 and December&amp;#160;31
 2011 and the six-month periods ended January&amp;#160;1
 2011 and June&amp;#160;26
 2010 relating to the construction and installation of property
 plant and
   equipment. Our policy is to capitalize interest on all major projects where construction and/or installation continue for an extended period of time&lt;u&gt;&lt;/u&gt;. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;




   &lt;!-- Begin Block Tagged Accounting Policy: note1_accounting_policy_table13 - us-gaap:GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsPolicyTextBlock--&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:18px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Goodwill and Intangible Assets &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:6px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;We recognize as goodwill the excess cost of an acquired entity over the net amount assigned to assets acquired
 including intangible
   assets with indefinite lives
 and liabilities assumed. Goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite lives (e.g.
 trademarks) are tested for impairment on an annual basis during the fourth quarter
 and between annual tests whenever there is an
   impairment indicated. Fair values are estimated based on our best assessment of fair value compared to the corresponding carrying value of the reporting unit
 including goodwill. Impairment losses will be recognized whenever the fair value is less
   than the carrying value of the related asset. None of our goodwill
 customer relationships or other intangible assets were impaired as of December&amp;#160;29
 2012 and no impairment losses were recorded for the years ended December&amp;#160;29
 2012
   and&amp;#160;December&amp;#160;31
 2011 or the six-month periods ended January&amp;#160;1
 2011 and June&amp;#160;26
 2010. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:12px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Approximately
   $2.7 million of goodwill is deductible for tax purposes. The following table is a reconciliation of the carrying amount of goodwill by reportable segment as of December&amp;#160;29
 2012 and December 31
 2011
 (in thousands): &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-size:12px;margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% border=0 style=border-collapse:collapse; text-align: left align=center&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td width=62%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Cheese&amp;#160;&amp;#038;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Refrigerated&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Potato&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Dairy-Case&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Egg&amp;#160;Products&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Products&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Products&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Balance as of January 1
 2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;688
250&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;92
806&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;48
538&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;829
594&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Merger related adjustment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;239&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;76&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;87&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;402&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Translation adjustment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(150&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(150&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Balance as of December&amp;#160;31
 2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;688
339&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;92
882&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;48
625&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;829
846&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Translation adjustment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;171&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;171&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Balance as of December&amp;#160;29
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;688
510&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;92
882&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;48
625&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;830
017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;/table&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:12px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;We recognize an acquired intangible asset apart from goodwill whenever the asset arises from contractual or other legal
   rights
 or whenever it is capable of being separated or divided from the acquired entity and sold
 transferred
 licensed
 rented or exchanged
 either individually or in combination with a related contract
 asset or liability. An intangible asset
   other than goodwill is amortized over its estimated useful life unless that life is determined to be indefinite. Straight-line amortization reflects an appropriate allocation of the cost of intangible assets to earnings in proportion to the amount
   of economic benefit obtained by the Company in each reporting period. The weighted average amortization period for our customer relationships is 17 years. Impairment losses are recognized if the carrying amount of an intangible asset subject to
   amortization is not recoverable from expected future cash flows
 and its carrying amount exceeds its fair value. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-size:1px;margin-top:12px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;The following are our
   intangible assets
 other than goodwill
 as of the years ended
 (in thousands): &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-size:12px;margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% border=0 style=border-collapse:collapse; text-align: left align=center&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td width=74%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;December&amp;#160;29
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;December&amp;#160;31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Amortized intangible assets
 principally customer relationships&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;521
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;521
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Accumulated amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(77
592&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(46
792&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;443
408&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;474
208&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Indefinite lived intangible assets
 trademarks&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;111
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;111
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;554
408&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;585
208&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;/table&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:12px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;The intangible asset amortization expense was $30.8 million
 $30.8 million
 $16 million and $7.5 million in the years
   ended December&amp;#160;29
 2012 and December&amp;#160;31
 2011 and the six-month periods ended January&amp;#160;1
 2011 and June&amp;#160;26
 2010. The estimated amortization expense for years 2013 through 2017 is as follows (in thousands): &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-size:12px;margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% border=0 style=border-collapse:collapse; text-align: left align=center&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td width=88%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;30
800&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;31
392&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;30
800&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;30
800&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;30
800&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;/table&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:12px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;The above amortization expense forecast is an estimate. Actual amounts may change from such estimated amounts due to
   additional intangible asset acquisitions
 potential impairment
 accelerated amortization
 or other events. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;




   &lt;!-- Begin Block Tagged Accounting Policy: note1_accounting_policy_table14 - us-gaap:DeferredChargesPolicyTextBlock--&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:18px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Deferred Financing Costs &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:6px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;
   Deferred financing costs are being amortized using the effective interest rate method over the lives of the respective debt agreements. Our deferred financing costs are as follows for the years ended (in
   thousands): &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-size:12px;margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% border=0 style=border-collapse:collapse; text-align: left align=center&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td width=74%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;December&amp;#160;29
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;December&amp;#160;31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Beginning balance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;46
027&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;48
545&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Additions to deferred financing costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
374&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;7
241&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Early extinguishment of debt write-off&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(1
845&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(7
965&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(7
914&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;39
436&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;46
027&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;/table&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:12px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Our credit agreement was modified on December&amp;#160;11
 2012 in connection with the issuance of senior PIK notes by
   Michael Foods Holding
 Inc. Included in the additions to deferred financing costs were direct costs related to the amendment
 which were capitalized and will be amortized using the effective interest rate method over the remaining life of the credit
   agreement. We also incurred third party fees that were expensed and included in selling
 general and administrative expenses. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:12px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Also
 our credit agreement was previously amended and restated on February&amp;#160;25
 2011. We capitalized the costs associated with the
   amendment and restatement
 which are included in the additions to deferred financing costs above. Costs not capitalized
 related to lenders who chose not to participate in our amended and restated credit agreement
 were included in early
   extinguishment of debt costs for the year ended December&amp;#160;31
 2011. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;




   &lt;!-- Begin Block Tagged Accounting Policy: note1_accounting_policy_table15 - us-gaap:CashAndCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndCashEquivalentsPolicy--&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:18px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Restricted Cash &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:6px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;We and our principal insurance carrier are parties to a pledge and security agreement and an escrow agreement for the guarantee of
   deductible and/or loss limit reimbursement on workers compensation
 automobile and general liability claims. As of December 29
 2012 and December&amp;#160;31
 2011
 we had approximately $5.7 million in the escrow collateral money market account at Bank
   of New York Mellon. The funds in this account are restricted cash and the carrying value is included in long-term other assets on our balance sheet. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;




   &lt;!-- Begin Block Tagged Accounting Policy: note1_accounting_policy_table16 - us-gaap:ForeignCurrencyTransactionsAndTranslationsPolicyTextBlock--&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Currency Translation &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:6px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Our Egg Products Division includes a subsidiary in Canada (MFI Food Canada Ltd.). Its financial statements are included in our
   consolidated financial statements. The financial statements for the Canadian entity are measured in the local currency and then translated into U.S. dollars. The balance sheet accounts
 with the exception of retained earnings accounts
 are
   translated using the current exchange rate at the balance sheet date and the operating results are translated using the average rates prevailing throughout the reporting period. The retained earnings equity accounts are translated at historical
   average rates. Accumulated translation gains or losses are recorded in AOCI or AOCL and are included as a component of comprehensive income. Transactional gains and losses are reported in the statement of operations. Michael Foods
 Inc. holds a
   Canadian dollar-denominated note receivable from the Canadian subsidiary. As a result
 we record the exchange-rate impact on that note as a component of earnings (loss) in the period of change. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;




   &lt;!-- Begin Block Tagged Accounting Policy: note1_accounting_policy_table17 - us-gaap:InterestInUnincorporatedJointVenturesOrPartnershipsPolicy--&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:18px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Joint Venture &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:6px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;As of December&amp;#160;29
 2012
 we have invested $2 million
 our 50% share of the capital funding of a joint venture
 in MFOSI
 LLC
 a
   Delaware LLC (&amp;#8220;MFOSI&amp;#8221;). MFOSI owns 100% of its subsidiary
 Lang Fang MK Food Company Ltd.
 a Chinese egg products company. In July 2012
 we and our joint venture partner each issued a $2 million irrevocable standby letter of credit with
   Bank of America
 N.A. as beneficiary. The letters of credit were established as a guarantee for a $4 million credit facility entered into by Lang Fang MK Food Company Ltd. and the China branch of Bank of America (see Note C). &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:12px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;The Chinese company began producing finished product in October 2011 to support customer sales. We account for the joint venture under
   the equity method of accounting. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;




   &lt;!-- Begin Block Tagged Accounting Policy: note1_accounting_policy_table18 - us-gaap:RevenueRecognitionPolicyTextBlock--&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:18px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Revenue Recognition &lt;/b&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:6px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;
   Sales to our customers are recognized when proof of delivery is received from our carriers and are recorded net of estimated customer programs and returns. We recognize revenue when all of the following
   conditions have been met: &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:6px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(1) Persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists&amp;#8212;A revenue transaction is initiated and
   evidenced by receipt of a purchase order from our customer. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:12px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(2) Delivery has occurred or services have been rendered&amp;#8212;An
   invoice is created from the bill of lading at our shipping plant and revenue is recognized when proof of delivery of the receipt of goods is received from our carriers. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:12px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;
   (3) The seller&amp;#8217;s price to the buyer is fixed or determinable&amp;#8212;Our sales invoice includes an agreed upon selling price. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:12px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;
   (4) Collectability is reasonably assured&amp;#8212;We have a documented credit and collection policy and procedure manual for determining collectability from our customers. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:12px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Our shipping policy is FOB destination; therefore
 title to goods remains with us until delivered by the carrier to our customer.
   &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:12px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Only a minor portion of our sales result in customer returns.&amp;#160;An accrual is estimated based on historical trends and
   reviewed periodically for adequacy. Revenue is appropriately reduced to reflect estimated returns. We are able to make a reasonable estimate of customer returns based upon historical trends due to the fact that our sales are not susceptible to
   significant external factors
 the return period is short
 and our sales are high volume and homogeneous in nature. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:12px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Customer
   incentive programs include customer rebates
 volume discounts and allowance programs. We have contractual arrangements with our customers and utilize agreed-upon discounts to determine the accrued promotion costs related to these customers. In
   addition
 we have contractual arrangements with end-user customers and utilize historical experience to estimate this accrual. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;




   &lt;!-- Begin Block Tagged Accounting Policy: note1_accounting_policy_table19 - us-gaap:AdvertisingCostsPolicyTextBlock--&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Marketing and Advertising Costs &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:6px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;We promote our products with advertising
 consumer incentives
 and trade promotions. Such programs include
 but are not limited to
   discounts
 coupons
 and fixed and volume-based incentive programs. Advertising costs are expensed as incurred and included in selling expenses. At retail
 we predominately use in-store promotional spending
 discounts and coupons.&amp;#160;Such spending
   is recorded as a reduction to sales based on amounts estimated as being due to customers and consumers at the end of a period.&amp;#160;In foodservice
 we predominately use fixed and volume-based programs.&amp;#160;Fixed marketing programs are expensed over
   the period to which sales relate and are included in selling expenses.&amp;#160;Volume&amp;#8211;based programs are recorded as a reduction to sales based on amounts estimated as being due to customers at the end of a period.&amp;#160;Our advertising expense was
   approximately $18.5 million
 $16.7 million
 $8.2 million and $7.7 million for the years ended December&amp;#160;29
 2012 and December&amp;#160;31
 2011 and the six-month periods ended January&amp;#160;1
 2011 and June&amp;#160;26
 2010. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;




   &lt;!-- Begin Block Tagged Accounting Policy: note1_accounting_policy_table20 - us-gaap:ShippingAndHandlingCostPolicyTextBlock--&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:18px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Shipping and Handling Costs &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:6px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;The Company&amp;#8217;s shipping and handling costs are included in cost of sales. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;




   &lt;!-- Begin Block Tagged Accounting Policy: note1_accounting_policy_table21 - us-gaap:IncomeTaxPolicyTextBlock--&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:18px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Income Taxes &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:6px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;
   Income tax expense involves management judgment as to the ultimate resolution of any tax issues. Historically
 our assessments of the ultimate resolution of tax issues have been reasonably accurate. The
   current open issues are not dissimilar from historical items. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:12px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Deferred income taxes are computed using the asset and
   liability method
 such that deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between financial reporting amounts and the tax bases of existing assets and liabilities based on
   currently enacted tax laws and tax rates in effect for the periods in which the differences are expected to reverse. Income tax expense is the tax payable for the period plus the change during the period in deferred income taxes. Due to the size of
   our temporary differences
 changes in enacted state tax laws
 changes in the composition of our companies that file in a particular state
 or changes in state apportionment factors can have a significant impact on our deferred tax provision and
   therefore on our overall effective tax rate for the current period. Likewise
 the size of our temporary differences and their expected reversals generally result in our cash taxes being significantly more than tax expense reported in our
   consolidated financial statements. Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount more-likely-than-not expected to be realized. We are included in a consolidated federal income tax return with MFI
   Holding. State income taxes are filed on either a combined or separate company basis. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:12px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;When evaluating our tax positions
 we
   account for uncertainty in income taxes in our consolidated financial statements. The evaluation of a tax position is a two-step process
 the first step being recognition. We determine whether it is more-likely-than-not that a tax position will be
   sustained upon tax examination
 including resolution of any related appeals or litigation
 based on only the technical merits of the position. If a tax position does not meet the more-likely-than-not threshold
 the benefit of that position is not
   recognized in our financial statements. The second step is measurement. The tax position is measured as the largest amount of benefit that is more-likely-than-not of being realized upon ultimate resolution with a taxing authority. See Note D for
   additional information. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;




   &lt;!-- Begin Block Tagged Accounting Policy: note1_accounting_policy_table22 - us-gaap:NewAccountingPronouncementsPolicyPolicyTextBlock--&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:18px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:6px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;In May 2011
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&amp;#8220;FASB&amp;#8221;) issued an update to accounting guidance for improved fair value
   measurement and disclosures. The update represents converged guidance between U.S. GAAP and International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) resulting in common requirements for measuring fair value and for disclosing information about fair value
   measurements. This new guidance was effective for our fiscal year beginning January&amp;#160;1
 2012 and the adoption of this guidance did not have an impact on our financial position
 results of operations or cash flows. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:12px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;In June 2011
 the FASB issued guidance on presentation of comprehensive income that requires us to present components of other
   comprehensive income and of net income in one continuous statement of comprehensive income
 or in two separate but consecutive statements. In December 2011
 the FASB issued a deferral of the effective date for presentations of reclassifications of
   items out of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)
 see below for update. The option to report other comprehensive income within the statement of equity has been removed. This new presentation of comprehensive income was effective for our
   fiscal year beginning January&amp;#160;1
 2012 and we have presented in one continuous statement of comprehensive income. The adoption of this guidance did not have an impact on our financial position
 results of operations or cash flows. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-size:1px;margin-top:12px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;In September 2011
 the
   FASB issued guidance on goodwill impairment testing that gives companies the option to perform a qualitative assessment that may allow them to skip the annual two-step test. The assessment examines qualitative factors to determine whether the
   existence of events or circumstances leads to a determination that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is or is not less than its carrying amount. This new guidance was effective for our fiscal year beginning
   January&amp;#160;1
 2012 and the adoption of this guidance did not have an impact on our financial position
 results of operations or cash flows. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:12px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;
   There was no other accounting pronouncement adopted during the year ended December&amp;#160;29
 2012 that had a material impact on our financial position
 operating results or disclosures. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;




   &lt;!-- Begin Block Tagged Accounting Policy: note1_accounting_policy_table23 - micf:RecentAccountingPronouncementsToBeAdoptedPolicyTextBlock--&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:18px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Recent Accounting Pronouncements to be Adopted &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:6px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;In July 2012
 the FASB issued new accounting guidance
 which amends the existing guidance
 related to impairment testing of
   indefinite-lived intangible assets. The amendments allow the option of performing a qualitative impairment assessment before calculating the fair value of the intangible assets
 which could
 depending on the results of the assessment
 eliminate the
   need for further impairment testing. The guidance is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after September&amp;#160;15
 2012 with early adoption permitted. We do not expect the adoption of this guidance to have an impact on our financial
   position
 results of operations or cash flows. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:12px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;In February 2013
 the FASB updated the guidance requiring companies to report
   in one place
 information about reclassifications of accumulated other comprehensive income (&amp;#8220;AOCI&amp;#8221;) and changes in AOCI balances. For significant items reclassified out of AOCI to net income in their entirety in the same reporting period
   reporting is required about the effect of the reclassifications on the respective line items in the statement where net income is presented. For items that are not reclassified to net income in their entirety in the same reporting period
 a cross
   reference to other disclosures currently required in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States is required. The above information must be presented in one place
 either parenthetically on the face of the financial
   statements by income statement line item
 or in a note. The adoption of this updated guidance is effective for us beginning with fiscal year 2013. The adoption of this guidance is not expected to have a material impact on our financial position
   results of operations or cash flows. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:12px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;There were no other new accounting pronouncements issued during the year ended
   December&amp;#160;29
 2012 that are expected to have material impacts on our financial position
 operating results or disclosures. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;




   &lt;!-- Begin Block Tagged Note Table: note1_table1 - us-gaap:ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock--&gt;
   &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% border=0 style=border-collapse:collapse; text-align: left align=center&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td width=74%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;December&amp;#160;29
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;December&amp;#160;31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Raw materials and supplies&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;28
989&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;25
488&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Work in process and finished goods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;88
353&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;99
605&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Flocks&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;35
829&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;33
429&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;153
171&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;158
522&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;/table&gt;




   &lt;!-- Begin Block Tagged Note Table: note1_table2 - us-gaap:ScheduleOfInterestRateDerivativesTableTextBlock--&gt;
   &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% border=0 style=border-collapse:collapse; text-align: left align=center&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td width=74%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Interest Rate Swap Contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;December&amp;#160;29
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;December&amp;#160;31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Beginning balance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;6
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Unrealized loss included in interest expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;2
372&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;6
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Ending balance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;8
872&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;6
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;/table&gt;




   &lt;!-- Begin Block Tagged Note Table: note1_table3 - us-gaap:ScheduleOfFairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringBasisTableTextBlock--&gt;
   &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% border=0 style=border-collapse:collapse; text-align: left align=center&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td width=54%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Quoted&amp;#160;Prices&amp;#160;in&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Significant&amp;#160;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Significant&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Active&amp;#160;Markets&amp;#160;for&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Observable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Unobservable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Identical Assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Inputs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Inputs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;(Level 1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;(Level 2)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;(Level 3)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;/b&gt;Fair Value Measurements As of December 29
 2012&lt;b&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Assets at fair value:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Commodity contracts - Grain&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Commodity contracts - Energy&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:5.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Total assets at fair value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Liabilities at fair value:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Commodity contracts - Grain&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
607&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
607&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Commodity contracts - Energy&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;116&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;116&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Interest rate swap contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;8
872&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;8
872&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:5.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Total liabilities at fair value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;10
595&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
723&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;8
872&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td height=16&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td height=16 colspan=16&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;/b&gt;Fair Value Measurements As of December 31
 2011&lt;b&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Assets at fair value:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Commodity contracts - Grain&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;2
906&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;2
906&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Commodity contracts - Energy&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:5.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Total assets at fair value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;2
906&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;2
906&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Liabilities at fair value:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Commodity contracts - Grain&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Commodity contracts - Energy&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;618&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;618&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Interest rate swap contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;6
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;6
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:5.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Total liabilities at fair value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;7
118&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;618&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;6
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;/table&gt;




   &lt;!-- Begin Block Tagged Note Table: note1_table4 - us-gaap:OpenOptionContractsWrittenTextBlock--&gt;
   &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% border=0 style=border-collapse:collapse; text-align: left align=center&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td width=56%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Corn Volume (in bushels)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Soybean Meal Volume (in tons)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;December&amp;#160;29
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;December&amp;#160;31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;December&amp;#160;29
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;December&amp;#160;31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Commodity Contract&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;3
060&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;6
375&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;33&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;72&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;/table&gt;




   &lt;!-- Begin Block Tagged Note Table: note1_table5 - us-gaap:ScheduleOfDerivativeAssetsAtFairValueTableTextBlock--&gt;
   &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0 style=border-collapse:collapse; text-align: left align=center&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td width=40%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td width=36%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Fair Value (1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;December&amp;#160;29
&amp;#160;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;December&amp;#160;31
 2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:1px align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Balance Sheet Location&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Asset&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Liability&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Asset&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Liability&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top colspan=3&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;u&gt;Derivatives designated as hedging instruments:&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Commodity contracts &amp;#8211; Grain&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Prepaid expenses and other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;205&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(1
812&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;3
788&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(882&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top colspan=3&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;u&gt;Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments:&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Commodity contracts &amp;#8211; Energy&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Prepaid expenses and other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;36&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(152&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;30&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(648&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Interest rate swap contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Other accrued liabilities and other long-term liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(8
872&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(6
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;/table&gt;




   &lt;!-- Begin Block Tagged Note Table: note1_table6 - us-gaap:ScheduleOfCashFlowHedgingInstrumentsStatementsOfFinancialPerformanceAndFinancialPositionLocationTableTextBlock--&gt;
   &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0 style=border-collapse:collapse; text-align: left align=center&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td width=54%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=8 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;(Effective Portion)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=4 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:1px align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;(Ineffective Portion)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Gain&amp;#160;(Loss)&lt;br /&gt;Recognized&amp;#160;in&lt;br /&gt;AOCI on&lt;br /&gt;Derivative&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:1px align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Location of&lt;br /&gt;Gain (Loss)&lt;br /&gt;Reclassified&lt;br /&gt;from
   AOCI&lt;br /&gt;into&amp;#160;Earnings&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Gain (Loss)&lt;br /&gt;Reclassified&lt;br /&gt;from AOCI&lt;br /&gt;into&amp;#160;Earnings&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:1px align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Location of&lt;br /&gt;Gain
   (Loss)&lt;br /&gt;Recognized&amp;#160;in&lt;br /&gt;Earnings&amp;#160;on&lt;br /&gt;Derivative&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Gain&amp;#160;(Loss)&lt;br /&gt;Recognized&amp;#160;in&lt;br /&gt;Earnings on&lt;br /&gt;Derivative&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Company&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;/b&gt;For the year ended December 29
 2012&lt;b&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Commodity contracts &amp;#8211; Grain&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;(1
200&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Cost&amp;#160;of&amp;#160;sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
213&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Cost&amp;#160;of&amp;#160;sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(72&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td height=16&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td height=16 colspan=16&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;/b&gt;For the year ended December 31
 2011&lt;b&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Commodity contracts &amp;#8211; Grain&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt; 1
164&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Cost of sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
708&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Cost of sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;63&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td height=16&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td height=16 colspan=16&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;/b&gt;For the six months ended January 1
 2011&lt;b&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Commodity contracts &amp;#8211; Grain&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt; 1
806&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Cost of sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(286&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Cost of sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;15&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td height=16&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td height=16 colspan=16&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;/b&gt;For the six months ended June 26
 2010&lt;b&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Predecessor&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Commodity contracts &amp;#8211; Grain&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt; (405&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Cost of sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;372&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Cost of sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;/table&gt;




   &lt;!-- Begin Block Tagged Note Table: note1_table7 - us-gaap:ScheduleOfOtherDerivativesNotDesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentsStatementsOfFinancialPerformanceAndFinancialPositionLocationTableTextBlock--&gt;
   &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0 style=border-collapse:collapse; text-align: left align=center&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td width=55%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom rowspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Locations&amp;#160;of&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Gain
   (Loss)&lt;br /&gt;Recognized&amp;#160;in&lt;br /&gt;Earnings on&lt;br /&gt;Derivative&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Company&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom style=border-left:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Predecessor&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Ended&lt;br /&gt;December&amp;#160;
   29
&lt;br /&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Ended&lt;br /&gt;December&amp;#160;
   31
&lt;br /&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Six&amp;#160;Months&lt;br /&gt;Ended&lt;br /&gt;January&amp;#160;1
&lt;br /&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom style=border-left:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Six Months&lt;br /&gt;Ended&lt;br /&gt;June&amp;#160;26
&lt;br /&gt;2010&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Gain (Loss) Recognized in Earnings on Derivative&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Commodity contracts &amp;#8211; Energy&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Cost&amp;#160;of&amp;#160;sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;247&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(1
017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(443&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom style=border-left:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;342&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom style=border-left:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Interest rate swap contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Interest&amp;#160;expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(2
372&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(6
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom style=border-left:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom style=border-left:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;/table&gt;




   &lt;!-- Begin Block Tagged Note Table: note1_table8 - us-gaap:ScheduleOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTableTextBlock--&gt;
   &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% border=0 style=border-collapse:collapse; text-align: left align=center&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td width=65%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Fair&amp;#160;Value&amp;#160;of&lt;br /&gt;Derivatives
&lt;br /&gt;net of tax (1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Foreign&lt;br /&gt;Currency&lt;br /&gt;Translation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Total&lt;br /&gt;Accumulated&lt;br /&gt;Other&lt;br /&gt;Comprehensive&lt;br /&gt;Income (Loss)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Predecessor&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Balance at January 2
 2010&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;440&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;3
855&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;4
295&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Change in fair value of derivatives&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(776&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(776&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Foreign currency translation adjustment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;150&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;150&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Balance at June 26
 2010&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(336&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;4
005&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;3
669&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td height=5 style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td height=5 colspan=4 style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td height=5 colspan=4 style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td height=5 colspan=4 style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Company&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Balance at June 27
 2010&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(336&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(336&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Change in fair value of derivatives&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;2
092&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;2
092&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Foreign currency translation adjustment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(236&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(236&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Balance at January 1
 2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
756&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(236&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
520&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Change in fair value of derivatives&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(544&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(544&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Foreign currency translation adjustment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(513&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(513&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Balance at December 31
 2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
212&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(749&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;463&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Change in fair value of derivatives&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(2
413&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(2
413&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Foreign currency translation adjustment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;209&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;209&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Balance at December 29
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(1
201&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(540&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(1
741&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;/table&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-size:1px;margin-top:6px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse; text-align: left border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 width=100%&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td width=3% valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td align=left valign=top&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;The income tax expense (benefit) allocated to derivatives was $1
425
 $326 and ($1
255) for the years ended December 29
 2012 and December 31
 2011 and the six-month
   period ended January 1
 2011. The tax expense allocated to derivatives of the Predecessor was $466 for the six-month period ended June 26
 2010. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;/table&gt;




   &lt;!-- Begin Block Tagged Note Table: note1_table9 - us-gaap:ScheduleOfGoodwillTextBlock--&gt;
   &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% border=0 style=border-collapse:collapse; text-align: left align=center&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td width=62%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Cheese&amp;#160;&amp;#038;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Refrigerated&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Potato&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Dairy-Case&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Egg&amp;#160;Products&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Products&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Products&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Balance as of January 1
 2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;688
250&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;92
806&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;48
538&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;829
594&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Merger related adjustment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;239&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;76&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;87&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;402&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Translation adjustment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(150&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(150&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Balance as of December&amp;#160;31
 2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;688
339&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;92
882&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;48
625&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;829
846&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Translation adjustment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;171&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;171&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Balance as of December&amp;#160;29
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;688
510&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;92
882&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;48
625&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;830
017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;/table&gt;




   &lt;!-- Begin Block Tagged Note Table: note1_table10 - us-gaap:ScheduleOfIntangibleAssetsAndGoodwillTableTextBlock--&gt;
   &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% border=0 style=border-collapse:collapse; text-align: left align=center&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td width=74%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;December&amp;#160;29
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;December&amp;#160;31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Amortized intangible assets
 principally customer relationships&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;521
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;521
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Accumulated amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(77
592&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(46
792&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;443
408&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;474
208&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Indefinite lived intangible assets
 trademarks&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;111
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;111
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;554
408&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;585
208&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;/table&gt;




   &lt;!-- Begin Block Tagged Note Table: note1_table11 - us-gaap:ScheduleofFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsFutureAmortizationExpenseTableTextBlock--&gt;
   &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% border=0 style=border-collapse:collapse; text-align: left align=center&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td width=88%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;30
800&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;31
392&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;30
800&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;30
800&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;30
800&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;/table&gt;




   &lt;!-- Begin Block Tagged Note Table: note1_table12 - micf:ScheduleOfDeferredFinancingCostTableTextBlock--&gt;
   &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% border=0 style=border-collapse:collapse; text-align: left align=center&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td width=74%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;December&amp;#160;29
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;December&amp;#160;31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Beginning balance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;46
027&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;48
545&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Additions to deferred financing costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
374&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;7
241&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Early extinguishment of debt write-off&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(1
845&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(7
965&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(7
914&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;39
436&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;46
027&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;/table&gt;




   &lt;!-- Begin Block Tagged Note Table: note3_table1 - us-gaap:ScheduleOfDebtInstrumentsTextBlock--&gt;
   &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% border=0 style=border-collapse:collapse; text-align: left align=center&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td width=74%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;December&amp;#160;29
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;December&amp;#160;31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Credit facility&amp;#8212;revolving line of credit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Credit facility&amp;#8212;term B loan&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;765
723&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;806
800&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Senior unsecured notes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;430
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;430
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Secured notes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;3
338&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;4
688&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Capital leases&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;10
685&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;10
379&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Guarantees&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;8
833&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;10
042&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Other indebtedness&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
104&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
615&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Less:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Current maturities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;19
833&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;10
096&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Unamortized original issue discount on term B loan&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;10
280&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;12
435&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
189
570&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
240
993&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;/table&gt;




   &lt;!-- Begin Block Tagged Note Table: note3_table2 - us-gaap:ScheduleOfMaturitiesOfLongTermDebtTableTextBlock--&gt;
   &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% border=0 style=border-collapse:collapse; text-align: left align=center&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td width=85%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;19
833&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;5
190&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;2
389&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;2
095&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
783&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Thereafter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
188
393&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;/table&gt;




   &lt;!-- Begin Block Tagged Note Table: note3_table3 - us-gaap:ScheduleOfCapitalLeasedAsssetsTableTextBlock--&gt;
   &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% border=0 style=border-collapse:collapse; text-align: left align=center&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td width=74%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;December&amp;#160;29
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;December&amp;#160;31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Property
 plant and equipment held under lease agreements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;19
832&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;15
712&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Accumulated depreciation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(5
492&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(3
580&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;14
340&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;12
132&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;/table&gt;




   &lt;!-- Begin Block Tagged Note Table: note3_table4 - micf:ScheduleOfComponentsOfInterestExpenseTableTextBlock--&gt;
   &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% border=0 style=border-collapse:collapse; text-align: left align=center&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td width=60%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Company&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom style=border-right:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Predecessor&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Year Ended&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Six&amp;#160;Months&lt;br /&gt;Ended&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom style=border-right:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Six&amp;#160;Months&lt;br /&gt;Ended&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;December&amp;#160;29
&lt;br /&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;December&amp;#160;31
&lt;br /&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;January&amp;#160;1
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom style=border-right:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;June&amp;#160;26
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;2010&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Interest expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;78
154&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;81
985&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;47
289&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=border-right:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;27
799&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Amortization of financing costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;7
965&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;7
914&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;4
119&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=border-right:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
828&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Amortization of original issue discount on long-term debt&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;2
155&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;2
164&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
578&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=border-right:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
570&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Mark-to-market on interest rate swap contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;2
372&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;6
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=border-right:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Capitalized interest&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(82&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(374&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(86&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=border-right:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(133&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Interest income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(208&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(49&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(29&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=border-right:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(79&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom style=border-right:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Interest expense
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;90
356&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;98
140&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;52
871&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=border-right:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;30
985&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom style=border-right:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;/table&gt;




   &lt;!-- Begin Block Tagged Note Table: note4_table1 - us-gaap:ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock--&gt;
   &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% border=0 style=border-collapse:collapse; text-align: left align=center&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td width=61%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Company&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom style=border-right:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Predecessor&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Year Ended&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Six&amp;#160;Months&lt;br /&gt;Ended&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom style=border-right:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Six&amp;#160;Months&lt;br /&gt;Ended&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;December&amp;#160;29
&lt;br /&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;December&amp;#160;31
&lt;br /&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;January&amp;#160;1
&lt;br /&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom style=border-right:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;June&amp;#160;26
&lt;br /&gt;2010&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Current:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom style=border-right:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Federal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;35
920&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;6
180&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;9
375&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=border-right:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;State&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;3
579&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;2
447&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
177&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=border-right:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
129&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom style=border-right:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;39
499&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;8
627&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;10
552&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=border-right:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
129&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom style=border-right:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Deferred:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom style=border-right:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Federal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(24
157&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
715&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(10
026&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=border-right:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(14
268&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Foreign&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;37&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(60&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=border-right:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;46&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;State&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(2
855&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(11
047&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(715&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=border-right:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(672&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom style=border-right:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(26
975&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(9
342&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(10
801&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=border-right:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(14
894&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom style=border-right:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;12
524&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(715&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(249&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=border-right:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(13
765&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom style=border-right:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;/table&gt;




   &lt;!-- Begin Block Tagged Note Table: note4_table2 - us-gaap:ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock--&gt;
   &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% border=0 style=border-collapse:collapse; text-align: left align=center&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td width=74%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;December&amp;#160;29
&lt;br /&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;December&amp;#160;31
&lt;br /&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Current deferred income taxes:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Flock inventories&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(7
417&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(6
974&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Hedging&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
957&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(827&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Other
 primarily accrued expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;13
265&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;8
501&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Total gross deferred income taxes
 current&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;7
805&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;700&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(1
761&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(55&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Total current deferred income taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;6
044&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;645&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Non-current deferred income taxes:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Depreciation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(41
979&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(51
784&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Customer relationships&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(162
420&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(174
271&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Trademarks and licenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(39
969&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(40
041&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Goodwill&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(1
370&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(1
131&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Net operating loss carryforwards&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;2
179&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
766&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Debt issuance costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(9
153&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(11
681&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;5
026&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;5
451&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Total gross deferred income taxes
 non-current&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(247
686&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(271
691&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(5
509&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(4
773&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Total non-current deferred income taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(253
195&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(276
464&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:5.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Total deferred income taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(247
151&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(275
819&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;/table&gt;




   &lt;!-- Begin Block Tagged Note Table: note4_table3 - us-gaap:ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock--&gt;
   &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% border=0 style=border-collapse:collapse; text-align: left align=center&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td width=62%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Company&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom style=border-right:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Predecessor&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Year Ended&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Six&amp;#160;Months&lt;br /&gt;Ended&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom style=border-right:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Six&amp;#160;Months&lt;br /&gt;Ended&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;December&amp;#160;29
&lt;br /&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;December&amp;#160;31
&lt;br /&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;January&amp;#160;1
&lt;br /&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom style=border-right:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;June&amp;#160;26
&lt;br /&gt;2010&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Federal statutory rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;35.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;35.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;35.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=border-right:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;35.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;State taxes
 net of federal impact&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;3.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;8.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;9.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=border-right:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(0.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)%&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Change in state tax rate for deferred taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(2.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)%&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(48.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)%&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=border-right:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Qualified production activities deduction&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(8.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)%&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(4.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)%&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(32.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=border-right:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)%&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Other permanent differences&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;2.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(15.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=border-right:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)%&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(2.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)%&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;3.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;11.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=border-right:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(3.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)%&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(15.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=border-right:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)%&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(3.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)%&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom style=border-right:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;28.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(5.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)%&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(7.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=border-right:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)%&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;28.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom style=border-right:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;/table&gt;




   &lt;!-- Begin Block Tagged Note Table: note4_table4 - us-gaap:ScheduleOfUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsRollForwardTableTextBlock--&gt;
   &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% border=0 style=border-collapse:collapse; text-align: left align=center&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td width=60%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Company&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom style=border-right:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Predecessor&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;December&amp;#160;29
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;December&amp;#160;31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;January&amp;#160;1
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom style=border-right:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;June&amp;#160;26
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom style=border-right:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;2010&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Total unrecognized tax benefits at beginning of period&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;4
121&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;3
791&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;4
873&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=border-right:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;3
198&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Gross increase for tax positions taken in prior periods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;712&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=border-right:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Gross decrease for tax positions taken in prior periods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(17&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(385&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=border-right:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Gross increase for tax positions taken in current period&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;131&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;126&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;88&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=border-right:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
675&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Reductions relating to settlements with taxing authorities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(1
792&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(367&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=border-right:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Reductions as a result of a lapse of applicable statute of limitations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(367&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(508&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(418&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=border-right:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom style=border-right:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Total unrecognized tax benefits at end of period&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;2
079&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;4
121&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;3
791&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=border-right:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;4
873&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom style=border-right:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;/table&gt;




   &lt;!-- Begin Block Tagged Note Table: note7_table1 - us-gaap:ScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesTableTextBlock--&gt;
   &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% border=0 style=border-collapse:collapse; text-align: left align=center&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td width=88%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt; 5
686&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;5
013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;4
792&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;4
286&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;3
498&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Thereafter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;16
864&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;/table&gt;




   &lt;!-- Begin Block Tagged Note Table: note9_table1 - us-gaap:ScheduleOfShareBasedPaymentAwardStockOptionsValuationAssumptionsTableTextBlock--&gt;
   &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% border=0 style=border-collapse:collapse; text-align: left align=center&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td width=59%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;2010&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Risk-free interest rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0.83%-1.20%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1.51%-1.87%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1.58%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Expected term (in years)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Expected volatility&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;32.78%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;32.78%-32.96%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;30.41%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Expected dividends&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;None&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;None&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;None&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;/table&gt;




   &lt;!-- Begin Block Tagged Note Table: note9_table2 - us-gaap:ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationStockOptionsActivityTableTextBlock--&gt;
   &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0 style=border-collapse:collapse; text-align: left align=center&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td width=50%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Time-Vesting&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=22 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Performance Vesting&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Weighted-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Weighted-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Weighted-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Weighted-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;average&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;average&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;average&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;average&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Class A&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Exercise&amp;#160;Price&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Class B&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Exercise&amp;#160;Price&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Class C&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Exercise&amp;#160;Price&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Class D&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Exercise&amp;#160;Price&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Options&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Per Share(1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Options&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Per Share(1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Options&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Per Share(1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Options&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Per Share(1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Outstanding at December&amp;#160;31
 2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;17
890&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;401.71&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;24
178&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;2
872.87&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;11
072&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;4
358.86&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;8
923&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;5
349.52&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;418&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;858.21&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Forfeited&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(200&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;396.22&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Outstanding at December&amp;#160;29
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;18
108&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;412.31&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;24
178&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;2
872.87&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;11
072&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;4
358.86&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;8
923&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;5
349.52&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Weighted-Average Remaining Contractual Term&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;7.65&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;7.67&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;7.67&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;7.67&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top nowrap=nowrap&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Options vested and expected to vest&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;18
108&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;412.31&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;24
178&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;11
072&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;8
923&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Exercisable at December&amp;#160;29
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;6
950&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;399.05&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Weighted-Average Remaining Contractual Term&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;7.60&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;/table&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-size:12px;margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse; text-align: left border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 width=100%&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td width=4% valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td align=left valign=top&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Footnote amounts have been adjusted to reflect the change in exercise price to avoid dilution. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;/table&gt;




   &lt;!-- Begin Block Tagged Note Table: note10_table1 - us-gaap:ScheduleOfRevenueByMajorCustomersByReportingSegmentsTableTextBlock--&gt;
   &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% border=0 style=border-collapse:collapse; text-align: left align=center&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td width=60%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Company&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Predecessor&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Year Ended&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Six&amp;#160;Months&lt;br /&gt;Ended&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom style=border-right:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Six&amp;#160;Months&lt;br /&gt;Ended&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;December&amp;#160;29
&lt;br /&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;December&amp;#160;31
&lt;br /&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;January&amp;#160;1
&lt;br /&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom style=border-right:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;June&amp;#160;26
&lt;br /&gt;2010&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Customer A&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;11&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=border-right:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Customer B&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;15&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;13&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;12&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=border-right:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;12&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;/table&gt;




   &lt;!-- Begin Block Tagged Note Table: note10_table2 - us-gaap:ScheduleOfSegmentReportingInformationBySegmentTextBlock--&gt;
   &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0 style=border-collapse:collapse; text-align: left align=center&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td width=57%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Egg&amp;#160;Products&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Refrigerated&lt;br /&gt;Potato&lt;br /&gt;Products&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Cheese &amp;#038;&lt;br /&gt;Other&lt;br /&gt;Dairy-Case&lt;br /&gt;Products&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Corporate&amp;#160;&amp;#038;&lt;br /&gt;Eliminations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Company&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;u&gt;Year ended December&amp;#160;29
 2012&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;External net sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
315
705&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;153
481&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;386
868&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
856
054&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Operating profit (loss)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;118
335&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;23
126&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;17
116&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(24
188&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;134
389&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Total assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
522
340&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;233
895&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;212
953&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;106
160&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;2
075
348&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Depreciation and amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;78
901&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;11
370&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;7
370&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;97
646&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Capital expenditures&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;32
274&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;2
800&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;2
201&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;37
275&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;u&gt;Year ended December&amp;#160;31
 2011&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;External net sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
228
410&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;138
004&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;400
174&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
766
588&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Operating profit (loss)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;101
961&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;15
716&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;18
131&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(19
648&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;116
160&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Total assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
545
678&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;239
535&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;225
728&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;129
915&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;2
140
856&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Depreciation and amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;78
443&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;11
048&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;7
748&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;97
246&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Capital expenditures&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;42
589&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
483&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
158&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;45
230&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;u&gt;Six months ended January&amp;#160;1
 2011&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;External net sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;586
860&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;71
119&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;200
327&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;858
306&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Operating profit (loss)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;49
610&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;4
399&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;7
072&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(5
692&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;55
389&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Total assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
568
733&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;248
938&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;209
619&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;136
808&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;2
164
098&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Depreciation and amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;40
221&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;5
511&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;4
027&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;49
762&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Capital expenditures&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;16
843&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;3
087&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;605&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;20
541&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Predecessor&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;u&gt;Six months ended June&amp;#160;26
 2010&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;External net sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;527
571&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;62
358&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;154
066&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;743
995&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Operating profit (loss)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;64
854&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(6
492&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;11
139&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(55
267&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;14
234&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Total assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;936
738&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;168
980&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;109
891&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;119
672&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
335
281&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Depreciation and amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;23
082&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;10
633&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;2
292&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;36
009&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Capital expenditures&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;12
286&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;9
638&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;430&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;22
354&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;/table&gt;




   &lt;!-- Begin Block Tagged Note Table: note11_table1 - us-gaap:ScheduleOfCondensedBalanceSheetTableTextBlock--&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Company &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Condensed Consolidating Balance Sheet &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;
   &lt;b&gt;December&amp;#160;29
 2012 &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;(Unaudited
 in thousands) &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-size:12px;margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0 style=border-collapse:collapse; text-align: left align=center&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td width=56%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Corporate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Guarantor&lt;br /&gt;Subsidiaries&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Non-Guarantor&lt;br /&gt;Subsidiary&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Eliminations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Consolidated&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Current Assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Cash and equivalents&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;43
274&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;43
274&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Accounts receivable
 less allowances&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;163
040&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
519&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(534&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;164
025&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Inventories&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;145
011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;8
160&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;153
171&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Income taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;4
036&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;4
744&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;8
780&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Prepaid expenses and other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;9
598&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;67&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;9
665&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:5.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Total current assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;4
036&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;365
667&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;9
746&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(534&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;378
915&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Property
 Plant and Equipment&amp;#8212;net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;253
605&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;11
059&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;264
664&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Goodwill&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;822
959&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;7
058&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;830
017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Intangibles and other assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;805
161&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;580
103&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(783
512&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;601
752&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Investment in subsidiaries&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;816
656&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(1
334&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(815
322&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:5.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Total assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
625
853&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;2
021
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;27
863&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(1
599
368&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;2
075
348&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Liabilities and Shareholder&amp;#8217;s Equity&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Current Liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Current maturities of long-term debt&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;10
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;8
867&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;966&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;19
833&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Accounts payable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;96
342&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;3
376&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(534&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;99
184&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Accrued liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;26
789&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;78
113&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;2
189&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;107
091&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:5.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Total current liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;36
789&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;183
322&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;6
531&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(534&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;226
108&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Long-term debt
 less current maturities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
175
443&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;774
774&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;22
865&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(783
512&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
189
570&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Deferred income taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;7
146&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;245
928&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;121&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;253
195&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Other long-term liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;6
978&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;6
978&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Shareholder&amp;#8217;s equity&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;399
497&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;816
976&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(1
654&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(815
322&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;399
497&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Total liabilities and shareholder&amp;#8217;s equity&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
625
853&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;2
021
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;27
863&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(1
599
368&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;2
075
348&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;/table&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-size:1px;margin-top:10px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Company
   &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Condensed Consolidating Balance Sheet &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;
   &lt;b&gt;December&amp;#160;31
 2011 &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;(Unaudited
 in thousands) &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-size:12px;margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0 style=border-collapse:collapse; text-align: left align=center&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td width=56%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Corporate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Guarantor&lt;br /&gt;Subsidiaries&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Non-Guarantor&lt;br /&gt;Subsidiary&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Eliminations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Consolidated&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Current Assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Cash and equivalents&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;68
118&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;68
118&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Accounts receivable
 less allowances&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;139
101&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;4
977&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(1
007&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;143
071&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Inventories&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;151
005&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;7
517&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;158
522&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Income taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;774&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;646&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
420&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Prepaid expenses and other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;10
485&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;111&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;10
596&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:5.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Total current assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;774&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;369
355&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;12
605&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(1
007&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;381
727&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Property
 Plant and Equipment&amp;#8212;net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;281
214&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;7
750&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;288
964&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Goodwill&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;822
960&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;6
886&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;829
846&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Intangibles and other assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;852
828&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;612
040&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(824
549&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;640
319&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Investment in subsidiaries&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;834
643&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;2
644&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(837
287&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:5.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Total assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
688
245&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;2
088
213&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;27
241&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(1
662
843&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;2
140
856&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Liabilities and Shareholder&amp;#8217;s Equity&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Current Liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Current maturities of long-term debt&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;2
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;6
959&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
137&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;10
096&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Accounts payable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;88
825&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;3
088&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(1
007&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;90
906&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Accrued liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;20
212&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;65
891&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
710&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;87
813&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:5.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Total current liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;22
212&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;161
675&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;5
935&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(1
007&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;188
815&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Long-term debt
 less current maturities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
222
365&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;824
351&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;18
826&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(824
549&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
240
993&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Deferred income taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;9
084&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;267
380&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;276
464&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Other long-term liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;10
621&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;10
621&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Shareholder&amp;#8217;s equity&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;423
963&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;834
807&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;2
480&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(837
287&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;423
963&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Total liabilities and shareholder&amp;#8217;s equity&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
688
245&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;2
088
213&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;27
241&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(1
662
843&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;2
140
856&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;/table&gt;




   &lt;!-- Begin Block Tagged Note Table: note11_table2 - us-gaap:ScheduleOfCondensedIncomeStatementTableTextBlock--&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Company &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Condensed Consolidating Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;For the Year Ended December&amp;#160;29
 2012 &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;
   &lt;b&gt;(Unaudited
 in thousands) &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-size:12px;margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0 style=border-collapse:collapse; text-align: left align=center&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td width=56%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Corporate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Guarantor&lt;br /&gt;Subsidiaries&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Non-Guarantor&lt;br /&gt;Subsidiary&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Eliminations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Consolidated&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Net sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
812
713&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;49
047&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(5
706&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
856
054&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Cost of sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
500
668&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;49
539&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(5
706&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
544
501&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Gross profit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;312
045&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(492&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;311
553&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Selling
 general and administrative expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;224&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;174
117&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;2
823&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;177
164&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Operating profit (loss)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(224&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;137
928&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(3
315&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;134
389&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Interest expense
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;54
827&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;34
010&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
519&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;90
356&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Unrealized gain on currency transactions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(440&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(440&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Earnings (loss) before equity in earnings (loss) of subsidiaries
 income taxes and equity in losses of unconsolidated
   subsidiary&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(55
051&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;104
358&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(4
834&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;44
473&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Equity in earnings (loss) of subsidiaries&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;64
224&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(4
871&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(59
353&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Income tax expense (benefit)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(20
921&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;33
408&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;37&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;12
524&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Equity in losses of unconsolidated subsidiary&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
855&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
855&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:5.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Net earnings (loss)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;30
094&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;64
224&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(4
871&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(59
353&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;30
094&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:5.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Comprehensive income (loss)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;30
094&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;62
176&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(5
027&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(59
353&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;27
890&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;/table&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-size:1px;margin-top:10px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Company
   &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Condensed Consolidating Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;For the Year Ended December 31
 2011 &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;
   &lt;b&gt;(Unaudited
 in thousands) &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-size:12px;margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0 style=border-collapse:collapse; text-align: left align=center&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td width=56%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Corporate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Guarantor&lt;br /&gt;Subsidiaries&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Non-Guarantor&lt;br /&gt;Subsidiary&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Eliminations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Consolidated&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Net sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
725
862&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;53
265&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(12
539&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
766
588&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Cost of sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
455
349&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;50
765&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(12
539&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
493
575&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Gross profit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;270
513&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;2
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;273
013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Selling
 general and administrative expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;5
111&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;148
869&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;2
873&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;156
853&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Operating profit (loss)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(5
111&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;121
644&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(373&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;116
160&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Interest expense
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;79
028&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;17
624&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
488&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;98
140&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Unrealized loss on currency transactions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;390&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;390&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Loss on early extinguishment of debt&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;3
527&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;3
527&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Earnings (loss) before equity in earnings (loss) of subsidiaries
 income taxes and equity in losses of unconsolidated
   subsidiary&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(87
666&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;103
630&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(1
861&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;14
103&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Equity in earnings (loss) of subsidiaries&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;62
668&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(1
851&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(60
817&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Income tax expense (benefit)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(39
287&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;38
582&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(715&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Equity in losses of unconsolidated subsidiary&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;529&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;529&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:5.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Net earnings (loss)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;14
289&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;62
668&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(1
851&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(60
817&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;14
289&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:5.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Comprehensive income (loss)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;14
289&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;61
681&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(1
921&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(60
817&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;13
232&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;/table&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-size:1px;margin-top:10px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Company
   &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Condensed Consolidating Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;For the Six Months Ended January&amp;#160;1
 2011 &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;
   &lt;b&gt;(Unaudited
 in thousands) &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-size:12px;margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0 style=border-collapse:collapse; text-align: left align=center&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td width=59%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Corporate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Guarantor&lt;br /&gt;Subsidiaries&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Non-Guarantor&lt;br /&gt;Subsidiary&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Eliminations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Consolidated&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Net sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;840
307&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;27
025&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(9
026&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;858
306&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Cost of sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;710
103&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;25
755&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(9
026&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;726
832&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Gross profit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;130
204&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
270&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;131
474&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Selling
 general and administrative expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;74
437&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
648&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;76
085&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Operating profit (loss)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;55
767&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(378&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;55
389&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Interest expense
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;52
315&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(275&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;831&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;52
871&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Unrealized gain on currency transactions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(738&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(738&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Earnings (loss) before equity in earnings (loss) of subsidiaries
 income taxes and equity in losses of unconsolidated
   subsidiary&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(52
315&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;56
780&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(1
209&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;3
256&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Equity in earnings (loss) of subsidiaries&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;35
857&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(1
149&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(34
708&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Income tax expense (benefit)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(19
735&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;19
546&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(60&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(249&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Equity in losses of unconsolidated subsidiary&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;228&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;228&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:5.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Net earnings (loss)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;3
277&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;35
857&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(1
149&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(34
708&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;3
277&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:5.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Comprehensive income (loss)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;3
277&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;37
806&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(1
242&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(34
708&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;5
133&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;/table&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-size:1px;margin-top:10px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Predecessor
   &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Condensed Consolidating Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;For the Six Months Ended June&amp;#160;26
 2010 &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;
   &lt;b&gt;(Unaudited
 in thousands) &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-size:12px;margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0 style=border-collapse:collapse; text-align: left align=center&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td width=58%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Corporate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Guarantor&lt;br /&gt;Subsidiaries&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Non-Guarantor&lt;br /&gt;Subsidiary&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Eliminations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Consolidated&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Net sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;724
649&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;27
352&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(8
006&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;743
995&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Cost of sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;595
789&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;24
965&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(8
006&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;612
748&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Gross profit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;128
860&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;2
387&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;131
247&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Selling
 general and administrative expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;100
650&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
633&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;102
283&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Transaction costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;14
730&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;14
730&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Operating profit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;13
480&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;754&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;14
234&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Interest expense
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;7
533&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;22
654&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;798&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;30
985&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Loss on early extinguishment of debt&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;6
388&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;24
850&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;31
238&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Loss before equity in earnings (loss) of subsidiaries
 income taxes and equity in losses of unconsolidated
   subsidiary&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(13
921&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(34
024&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(44&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(47
989&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Equity in earnings (loss) of subsidiaries&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(23
987&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;31&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;23
956&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Income tax benefit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(3
625&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(10
065&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(75&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(13
765&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Equity in losses of unconsolidated subsidiary&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;59&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;59&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:5.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Net earnings (loss)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(34
283&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(23
987&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;31&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;23
956&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(34
283&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:5.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Comprehensive income (loss)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(34
283&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(24
532&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(50&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;23
956&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(34
909&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;/table&gt;




   &lt;!-- Begin Block Tagged Note Table: note11_table3 - us-gaap:ScheduleOfCondensedCashFlowStatementTableTextBlock--&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Company &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Condensed Consolidating Statement of Cash Flows &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;
   &lt;b&gt;For the Year Ended December&amp;#160;29
 2012 &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;(Unaudited
 in thousands)
   &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-size:12px;margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0 style=border-collapse:collapse; text-align: left align=center&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td width=67%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Guarantor&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Non-Guarantor&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Corporate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Subsidiaries&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Subsidiary&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Consolidated&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(23
863&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;139
818&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
950&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;117
905&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Cash flows from investing activities:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Capital expenditures&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(34
767&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(2
508&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(37
275&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:5.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Net cash used in investing activities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(34
767&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(2
508&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(37
275&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Cash flows from financing activities:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Payments on long-term debt&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(41
077&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(6
959&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(1
294&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(49
330&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Deferred financing costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(1
374&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(1
374&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Dividend to parent&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(54
769&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(54
769&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Dividends from subsidiaries&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;121
083&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(122
936&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
853&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:5.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;23
863&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(129
895&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;559&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(105
473&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Effect of exchange rate changes on cash&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Net decrease in cash and equivalents&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(24
844&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(24
844&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Cash and equivalents at beginning of period&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;68
118&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;68
118&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Cash and equivalents at end of period&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;43
274&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;43
274&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;/table&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-size:1px;margin-top:10px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Company
   &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Condensed Consolidating Statement of Cash Flows &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;For the Year Ended December&amp;#160;31
 2011 &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;
   &lt;b&gt;(Unaudited
 in thousands) &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-size:12px;margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0 style=border-collapse:collapse; text-align: left align=center&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td width=64%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Guarantor&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Non-Guarantor&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Corporate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Subsidiaries&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Subsidiary&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Consolidated&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;3
121&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;122
160&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(2
112&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;123
169&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Cash flows from investing activities:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Capital expenditures&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(44
868&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(362&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(45
230&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Investments in and equity adjustments of joint ventures and other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(850&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(850&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:5.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Net cash used in investing activities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(45
718&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(362&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(46
080&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Cash flows from financing activities:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Payments on long-term debt&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(813
225&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(6
688&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(1
453&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(821
366&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Proceeds from long-term debt&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;840
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;840
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Deferred financing costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(7
241&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(7
241&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Dividend to parent&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(65
096&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(65
096&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Dividends from subsidiaries&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;42
441&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(45
246&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;2
805&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:5.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(3
121&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(51
934&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
352&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(53
703&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Effect of exchange rate changes on cash&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(73&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(73&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Net increase (decrease) in cash and equivalents&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;24
508&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(1
195&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;23
313&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Cash and equivalents at beginning of period&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;43
610&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
195&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;44
805&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Cash and equivalents at end of period&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;68
118&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;68
118&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;/table&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-size:1px;margin-top:10px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Company
   &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Condensed Consolidating Statement of Cash Flows &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;For the Six Months Ended January&amp;#160;1
 2011 &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;
   &lt;b&gt;(Unaudited
 in thousands) &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-size:12px;margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0 style=border-collapse:collapse; text-align: left align=center&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td width=65%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Guarantor&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Non-Guarantor&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Corporate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Subsidiaries&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Subsidiary&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Consolidated&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Net cash provided by operating activities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;22
881&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;47
336&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
110&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;71
327&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Cash flows from investing activities:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Capital expenditures&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(19
801&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(740&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(20
541&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Business acquisition (net of cash acquired)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(1
675
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;63
073&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;2
111&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(1
609
816&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Investments in and equity adjustments of joint ventures and other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;318&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;318&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:5.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(1
675
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;43
590&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
371&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(1
630
039&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Cash flows from financing activities:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Payments on long-term debt&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(9
975&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(3
361&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(1
339&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(14
675&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Proceeds from long-term debt&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
202
700&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
202
700&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Deferred financing costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(52
337&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(52
337&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Dividend to parent&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(15
374&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(15
374&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Capital investment by parent&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;527
105&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(43
955&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;483
150&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:5.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
652
119&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(47
316&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(1
339&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
603
464&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Effect of exchange rate changes on cash&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;53&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;53&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Net increase in cash and equivalents&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;43
610&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
195&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;44
805&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Cash and equivalents at beginning of period&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Cash and equivalents at end of period&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;43
610&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
195&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;44
805&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;/table&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-size:1px;margin-top:10px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Predecessor
   &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Condensed Consolidating Statement of Cash Flows &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;For the Six Months Ended June&amp;#160;26
 2010 &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;
   &lt;b&gt;(Unaudited
 in thousands) &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-size:12px;margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0 style=border-collapse:collapse; text-align: left align=center&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td width=66%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Guarantor&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Non-Guarantor&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Corporate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Subsidiaries&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Subsidiary&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Consolidated&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(7
511&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;48
696&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;2
638&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;43
823&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Cash flows from investing activities:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Capital expenditures&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(22
152&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(202&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(22
354&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Investment in joint venture&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(1
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(1
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:5.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Net cash used in investing activities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(23
652&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(202&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(23
854&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Cash flows from financing activities:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Payments on long-term debt&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(154
061&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(530
336&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(1
167&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(685
564&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Proceeds from long-term debt&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;6
032&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;6
032&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Deferred financing costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(153&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(153&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Capital investment by parent&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;161
572&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;476
298&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;637
870&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:5.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;7
511&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(48
159&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(1
167&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(41
815&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Effect of exchange rate changes on cash&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(31&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(31&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Net increase (decrease) in cash and equivalents&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(23
115&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
238&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(21
877&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Cash and equivalents at beginning of period&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;86
189&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;872&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;87
061&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Cash and equivalents at end of period&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;63
074&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;2
110&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;65
184&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
   &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;/table&gt;




   &lt;!-- Begin Block Tagged Note Table: note12_table1 - us-gaap:ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationTableTextBlock--&gt;
   &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0 style=border-collapse:collapse; text-align: left align=center&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td width=68%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Quarter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;(Unaudited
 in thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;First&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Second&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Third&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Fourth&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;u&gt;For the period ended December&amp;#160;29
 2012&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Net sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;444
826&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;436
661&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;470
947&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;503
620&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Gross profit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;79
401&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;73
565&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;75
358&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;83
229&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Net earnings (loss)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;9
352&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(1
706&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&amp;#160;(a)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;8
740&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;13
708&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;u&gt;For the period ended December&amp;#160;31
 2011&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Net sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;417
101&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;420
019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;459
487&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;469
981&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Gross profit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;72
613&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;58
082&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;66
020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;76
298&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Net earnings (loss)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(435&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(5
166&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#160;&amp;#160;(b)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;570&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;19
320&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;/table&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-size:12px;margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse; text-align: left border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 width=100%&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td width=4% valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(a)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td align=left valign=top&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Impacted by the jury award in the National Pasteurized Eggs
 Inc. trial (see Note G). &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;/table&gt;
   &lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse; text-align: left border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 width=100%&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td width=4% valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;(b)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td align=left valign=top&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Impacted by the costs associated with our February 2011 amended and restated credit agreement and the registration of the 9.75% senior notes with the Securities and
   Exchange Commission. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;/table&gt;




   &lt;!-- Begin Block Tagged Note 65 - us-gaap:ScheduleOfValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureTextBlock--&gt;
   &lt;!-- xbrl
nx --&gt;
   &lt;font style=display:none&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
   &lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
   &lt;font style=display:none&gt;VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS&lt;/font&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:12px;margin-bottom:0px align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;MICHAEL FOODS GROUP
 INC. &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;
   &lt;b&gt;VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In thousands) &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-size:12px;margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% border=0 style=border-collapse:collapse; text-align: left align=center&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td width=63%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:1px align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Column A&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Column&amp;#160;B&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Column&amp;#160;C&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Column D&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Column&amp;#160;E&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:1px align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Description&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Balance&amp;#160;at&lt;br /&gt;Beginning&amp;#160;of&lt;br /&gt;Period&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Additions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Deductions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=1&gt;Balance&amp;#160;at&lt;br /&gt;End of&lt;br /&gt;Period&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;
   &lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;Allowance for Doubtful Accounts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Predecessor&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;June&amp;#160;26
 2010&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000 align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;2
210&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000 align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000 align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;51&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000 align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;2
159&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Company&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top align=center&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;January&amp;#160;1
 2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;827&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;827&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top align=center&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;December&amp;#160;31
 2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;827&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;48&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;875&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;tr bgcolor=#cceeff&gt;
   &lt;td valign=top align=center&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em align=center&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;December&amp;#160;29
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;875&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;264&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;1
139&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
   &lt;/tr&gt;
   &lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;
   &lt;/table&gt;


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


















        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        











  








































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































  



    
    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    






    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    







 Gross



    
    




    




    
    







 Plant and Equipment



    
    


    




    







 Plant and Equipment



    

 Depletion and Amortization
 Property
 Plant






 Plant and Equipment


 Plant and Equipment



    
    
    
    










    
    
    

 Noncurrent



    




    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    




    




    




    




    




    




    




    
    










    
    




    




    




    
    



 $0.01 par value
 5
000 shares authorized and 100 shares issued and outstanding as of December 29
 2012 and December 31


 Value



    
    


    
    


    




    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    

















 Shares










 Shares



    
    


    




    
    


    
    
    








    
    
    






    


    




    
    


    
    

 Income Taxes
 Extraordinary Items



    

 Continuing Operations

    


    
    
    
    


    
    


    






    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    

 Share-based Compensation
 Stock Options



    
    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    

 Plant



    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    




    
    


    


    


    
    


    


    
    


    


    
    


    


    
    


    




    




    

 Raw Materials and Supplies



    

 Foreign Currency Transaction and Translation Adjustment








 Derivatives Qualifying as Hedges



    




    
    


    




    
    


    

 Statements of Financial Performance and Financial Position



    

 Statements of Financial Performance and Financial Position



    
    


    


    


    
    


    




    
    

 Measurement with Unobservable Inputs Reconciliations
 Recurring Basis



    

 Inputs



    

 Inputs



    

 Inputs



    







 Measurements


 Measurements








 Measurements



    


    


    
    


    
    


    


    


    
    


    
    


    


    


    

 Fair Value






 Gain (Loss) Reclassified from Accumulated OCI into Income
 Effective Portion




 Gain (Loss) by Hedging Relationship
 by Income Statement Location



    


    


    
    


    


    


    
    






    

 Gain (Loss) Recognized in Income



    

 Net



    
    


    


    




    


    




    
    
    


    
    
    


    


    
    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    








    
    
    


    
    
    


    




    
    


    




    
    
    


    




    




    

 Methods of Accounting



    
    


    




    




    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    


    
    
    


    
    
    













 Gain (Loss) Recognized in Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Effective Portion



    




    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    








    




    
    




    


    
    
    


    
    

 Assets Measured on Recurring Basis



    




    




    




    

 Fair Value



    

 Fair Value



    
    


    




    

 Gain (Loss)



    
    


    

 Collateral



    

 Finished Goods and Work in Process



    

 Raw Materials



    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    




    
    


    




    




    




    
    


    




    

 New Claims Filed



    




    
    
    


    
    




    


    
    










    
    




    

 Summarized Financial Information



    


    


    


    


    




    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    




    
    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    






    


    


    


    
    


    


    
    


    


    


    




    




    







 Plant and Equipment



    




    

 Restricted Cash and Cash Equivalents



    




    




    




    




    
    




    








    




    




    

 Amortization Expense



    

 Amortization Expense



    

 Amortization Expense



    

 Amortization Expense



    

 Amortization Expense



    

 Net
 Amortization Expense



    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    
    


    


    


    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    




    


    
    
    


    


    


    


    
    


    


    




    
    


    
    




    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    

 Valuation Allowance



    




    




    
    


    

 Deferred Tax Asset



    

 Continuing Operations



    










    




    




    





 Continuing Operations





    
    


    
    
    


    




    




    




    
    


    




    

 Plant and Equipment



    





 Plant and Equipment




 Plant and Equipment



    
    


    
    


    


    


    
    


    
    


    







 Fair Value Assumptions
 Risk Free Interest Rate






 Fair Value Assumptions
 Risk Free Interest Rate



    

 Fair Value Assumptions






 Fair Value Assumptions
 Expected Volatility Rate






 Fair Value Assumptions
 Expected Volatility Rate



    

 Fair Value Assumptions



    

 Options
 Outstanding






 Options
 Exercisable



    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    

 Nonvested Awards



    

 Nonvested Awards
 Total Compensation Cost Not yet Recognized



    


    


    


    



 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans



    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    






    


    
    


    


    


    


    


    
    


    


    
    




    
    

 Net of Tax



    




    




    
    


    

 Stock Options



    

 Stock Options



    
    


    




    
    









 net





    
    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    

 Cost of Acquired Entity



    




    
    
    


    




    




    






    




    
    




    
    


    


    


    

 Maturities



    

 Maturities



    

 Maturities



    

 Maturities



    

 Maturities



    

 Maturities



    




    
    


    




    
    


    




    

 Deductions



    

 Nondeductible Expense



    




    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    

 Employer Matching Contribution



    




    


    


    


    


    
    
    


    





 taxes

    
    


    
    
    






    


    

 Future Minimum Payments Due



    

 Future Minimum Payments



    

 Future Minimum Payments



    

 Future Minimum Payments



    

 Future Minimum Payments



    

 Future Minimum Payments



    

 Future Minimum Payments Due









    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    




    




    




    




    




    
    
    


    
    
    


    


    


    




    
    
    


    
    
    


    





 Options
 Outstanding




 Weighted average exercise price


 Weighted average exercise price


 Options
 Outstanding






 Options
 Grants in Period




 Granted


 Options
 Grants in Period






 Options






 Options




 Forfeited


 Options
 Forfeitures in Period



    




    




    
    
    


    




    

 Major Customer



    

 Depletion and Amortization



    
    


    






    


    


    
    








    

 Lessee Balance Sheet
 Assets by Major Class






 Balance Sheet
 Assets by Major Class



    
    


    


    
    


    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    





 Valuation Allowance






 Gross



    

 Net of Valuation Allowance



    
    
    


    
    
    


    

 Purchase Price Allocation
 Goodwill



    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    

 Interest Rate



    




    




    












    
    


    




    

 Indemnification Agreements



    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    




    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    




    
    
    


    




    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    

 Damages Awarded



    


    


    
    
    


    




    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    


    


    




    
    
    


    




    




    
    
    


    


    



 Weighted average exercise price


 Options
 Exercisable



    
    
    


    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    


    



 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans



    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    




    
    


    




    




    
    


    




    




    

 Property



    




    




    




    

 Deferred Expense






 Gross



    




    
    
    


    




    





 Weighted Average Exercise Price


 Options
 Vested and Expected to Vest
 Outstanding






 Options
 Vested and Expected to Vest
 Outstanding



    
    





 Tax Deferred Expense
 Reserves and Accruals



    

 Options



    

 Options
 Grants in Period



    

 Options
 Vested in Period



    




    
    
    


    
    
    


    




    




    






    
    







 Cumulative Changes in Net Gain (Loss) from Cash Flow Hedges








 Foreign Currency Translation Adjustment



    

 Derivatives Qualifying as Hedges



    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    




    
    
    




    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    





































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified











Schedule of intangible assets
 other than goodwill
        
        


Amortized intangible assets
 principally customer relationships

000

000


        

592)

792)


Intangible assets
 net
 total

408

208


Indefinite lived intangible assets
 trademarks

000

000


Intangible assets
 other than goodwill

408

208




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 symbol or other device or style for a projected indefinite period of benefit.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding goodwill
 as of the balance sheet date
 net of accumulated amortization and impairment charges.
              
 -Subparagraph ((a)(1)
 -Paragraph 42
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        
        

      


















        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        

800
000

600
000

400
000

400
000


        

000

000

000

000




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

      


 2012

          











 2012

          



 2012

          



 2012

          



 2010

          



 2012

          



 2011

          



 2012

          



 2012

          



 2012

          



 2012

          



 2012

          



 2011

          



 2012



          



 2012

          



 2012

          



 2012



          



        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000
000
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

500
000

500
000
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        

         2014
        
        
        
        
        

         2018
        
        
        
        
        

         2015

         2016

         2018


Base rate
 minimum
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Base rate
 minimum
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000
000

000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        

564
000
        
        
        
        

000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        

         2022

         2013
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

000
000
        
        
        
        

000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

500
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

         2015
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Capital lease
 outstanding

685
000
        

379
000

938
000

747
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

         2017
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

000
000

000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

         2017
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 maintenance
 and taxes to be paid by the lessor
 together with any profit thereon) net of payments or other amounts applied to the principal through the balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may vary from the carrying amount because of unamortized premium or discount.
              
 -Paragraph 16
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in CCYY-MM-DD format.
              
 -Paragraph 2
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in CCYY-MM-DD format.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Subparagraph 1
 2
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in CCYY-MM-DD format.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 19
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 2
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
 -Paragraph 19
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which relates to the currency amount specified in the interest rate derivative instruments.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          








          

        


        
        


        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        
        
        
        

      










 2011

          



 2010

          



 2012

          



 2011

          



        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Earnings before interest
 taxes
 depreciation and amortization
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

Debt (Details 2) (Assets Held under Capital Leases [Member]
 USD $)
 unless otherwise specified












          

        
        


        
        
        


Property
 plant and equipment held under lease agreements

832

712


        

492)

580)


Property under capital leases
 Total

340

132




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 plant
 or equipment held under lease agreements classified as an asset.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 1
 10
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          



 2012

          



 2011

          




          

        
        


        
        
        


        

000

000




        
          

        
          
            

 the number of barrels specified in a fuel oil forward purchase contract.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















/* Updated 2009-11-04 */
/* v2.2.0.24 */
/* DefRef Styles */
..report table.authRefData{
	background-color: #def;
	border: 2px solid #2F4497;
	font-size: 1em;
	position: absolute;
}
..report table.authRefData a {
	display: block;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report table.authRefData p {
	margin-top: 0px;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide {
	background-color: #2F4497;
	padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px;
	text-align: right;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover {
	background-color: #2F4497;
}
..report table.authRefData .body {
	height: 150px;
	overflow: auto;
	width: 400px;
}
..report table.authRefData table{
	font-size: 1em;
}
/* Report Styles */
..pl a
 .pl a:visited {
	color: black;
	text-decoration: none;
}
/* table */
..report {
	background-color: white;
	border: 2px solid #acf;
	clear: both;
	color: black;
	font: normal 8pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	margin-bottom: 2em;
}
..report hr {
	border: 1px solid #acf;
}
/* Top labels */
..report th {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
	text-align: center;
}
..report th.void	{
	background-color: transparent;
	color: #000000;
	font: bold 10pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	text-align: left;
}
..report .pl {
	text-align: left;
	vertical-align: top;
	white-space: normal;
	width: 200px;
	word-wrap: break-word;
}
..report td.pl a.a {
	cursor: pointer;
	display: block;
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl div.a {
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl a:hover {
	background-color: #ffc;
}
/* Header rows... */
..report tr.rh {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
}
/* Calendars... */
..report .rc {
	background-color: #f0f0f0;
}
/* Even rows... */
..report .re
 .report .reu {
	background-color: #def;
}
..report .reu td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
/* Odd rows... */
..report .ro
 .report .rou {
	background-color: white;
}
..report .rou td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
..report .rou table td
 .report .reu table td {
	border-bottom: 0px solid black;
}
/* styles for footnote marker */
..report .fn {
	white-space: nowrap;
}
/* styles for numeric types */
..report .num
 .report .nump {
	text-align: right;
	white-space: nowrap;
}
..report .nump {
	padding-left: 2em;
}
..report .nump {
	padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em;
}
/* styles for text types */
..report .text {
	text-align: left;
	white-space: normal;
}
..report .text .big {
	margin-bottom: 1em;
	width: 17em;
}
..report .text .more {
	display: none;
}
..report .text .note {
	font-style: italic;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report .text .small {
	width: 10em;
}
..report sup {
	font-style: italic;
}
..report .outerFootnotes {
	font-size: 1em;
}











    
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        
        
        
        
        

      






 2011

          











 2012







          















        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Rent expense
 including real estate taxes and maintenance expenses
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 aggregate carrying amount of long-term borrowings as of the balance sheet date before deducting unamortized discount or premiums (if any). May include notes payable
 bonds payable
 commercial loans
 mortgage loans
 convertible debt
 subordinated debt and other types of debt
 which had initial maturities beyond one year or beyond the normal operating cycle
 if longer.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 cost of goods sold or other operating costs and expenses.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 9
 10
 11
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the maximum potential amount of future payments the indemnification agreement could be required to make under the agreement
 the current carrying amount of the liability and the nature of any recourse provision that would enable the lessee guarantor) to recover from third parties any of the amounts paid under the agreement and any assets held either as collateral or by third parties that upon occurrence of any triggering event or condition under the indemnification agreement the guarantor can obtain and liquidate to recover all or a portion of the amounts paid under the indemnification agreement.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

Valuation and Qualifying Accounts (Details) (Allowance for Doubtful Accounts [Member]
 USD $)
 unless otherwise specified

        
        
        
        

      


 2011

          



 2012

          



 2011

          



 2010

          



 2010

          



        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        

210


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        

139
        

159

210




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the valuation and qualifying accounts that are either netted against the cost of an asset (in order to value it at its carrying value) or that reflect a liability established to represent expected future costs.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the valuation and qualifying accounts that are either netted against the cost of an asset (in order to value it at its carrying value) or that reflect a liability established to represent expected future costs
 charged to accounts other than costs and expenses in a given period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the valuation and qualifying accounts that are either netted against the cost of an asset (in order to value it at its carrying value) or that reflect a liability established to represent expected future costs
 representing receivables written off as uncollectible and portions of the reserves utilized
 respectively.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        



   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   





   

   
   
   
   
   
   

   

   

   
   
   
   
   
   



   

   
   
   
   
   
   

   

   

   
   
   
   
   
   






        
        



   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   





Outstanding at December&#160;31
 2011

   
   
17
890
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
24
178
   
   
   
2
872.87
   
   
   
11
072
   
   
   
4
358.86
   
   
   
8
923
   
   
   
5
349.52
   

   

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   



   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   


   
   

   


   

   
   
   
   
   
   

   


   

   
   
   
   
   
   

   


   

   
   
   
   
   
   

   


   

   
   
   
   
   



Outstanding at December&#160;29
 2012

   
   
18
108
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
24
178
   
   
   
2
872.87
   
   
   
11
072
   
   
   
4
358.86
   
   
   
8
923
   
   
   
5
349.52
   


   
   

   


   

   
   
   
   
   
   

   


   

   
   
   
   
   
   

   


   

   
   
   
   
   
   

   


   

   
   
   
   
   

   

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   


   
   

   


   

   
   
   
   
   
   

   


   

   
   
   
   
   
   

   


   

   
   
   
   
   
   

   


   

   
   
   
   
   



   

   
   
18
108
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
24
178
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
11
072
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
8
923
   
   
   
   
   


   
   

   


   

   
   
   
   
   
   

   


   

   
   
   
   
   
   

   


   

   
   
   
   
   
   

   


   

   
   
   
   
   

   

Exercisable at December&#160;29
 2012

   
   
6
950
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   


   
   

   


   

   
   
   
   
   
   

   


   

   
   
   
   
   
   

   


   

   
   
   
   
   
   

   


   

   
   
   
   
   



   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   


   
   

   


   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   



   

   
   
   







        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 vested and expected to vest
 exercisable or convertible at the end of the year
 and the number of share options or share units that were granted
 exercised or converted
 forfeited
 and expired during the year.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including
 but not limited to: (a) expected term of share options and similar instruments
 (b) expected volatility of the entity's shares
 (c) expected dividends
 (d) risk-free rate(s)
 and (e) discount for post-vesting restrictions.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified











        
        
        


        

417)

974)


        

957
        


Other
 primarily accrued expenses

265

501


Total gross deferred income taxes
 current

805
        


Valuation allowance
 current

761)
        


        

044
        


        

979)

784)


        

420)

271)


        

969)

041)


        

370)

131)


        

179

766


        

153)

681)


        

026

451


Deferred Tax Liabilities
 Gross

686)

691)


        

509)

773)


        

195)

464)


        

151)

819)




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
 -Paragraph 41
 42
 43
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable temporary differences.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
 -Paragraph 41
 42
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 43
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
 -Paragraph 41
 42
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer).
              
 -Paragraph 41
 42
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 11
 43
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which result from applying the applicable tax rate to taxable temporary differences pertaining to each jurisdiction to which the entity is obligated to pay income tax.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences and carryforwards net of valuation allowances expected to be realized or consumed after one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer).
              
 -Paragraph 41
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 plant
 and equipment.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 plant
 and equipment.
              
 -Subparagraph d
 e
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        
        
        

      






















        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        

139
000

000
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        

000
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        

000

000

000

000
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        

700
000
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        

000
000

500
000

800
000

800
000
        


        
        
        

700
000

700
000
        


        
        
        

000
000
        

000
000


        
        
        

000
000
        
        


        

200
000

700
000

500
000

700
000
        


        

255
000)

000

425
000

000
        



          

        
        
        
        
        


Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) [Line Items]
        
        
        
        
        


Debt
 carrying value
        
        

210
000
000

250
000
000
        


Debt
 fair value
        
        

260
000
000

270
000
000
        



          

        
        
        
        
        


Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) [Line Items]
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        

044
000
        

800
000

800
000
        



          

        
        
        
        
        


Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) [Line Items]
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        
        
        


Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) [Line Items]
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        
        
        


Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) [Line Items]
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        
        
        


Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) [Line Items]
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        
        
        


Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) [Line Items]
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        
        
        


Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) [Line Items]
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        
        
        


Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) [Line Items]
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        

500
000

000
        



          

        
        
        
        
        


Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) [Line Items]
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        

000

000
        



          

        
        
        
        
        


Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) [Line Items]
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        

000
000
        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        
        
        


Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) [Line Items]
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        

459
000
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which are expenses incurred with the objective of increasing revenue for a specified brand
 product or product line.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 whichever is longer) that are expected to be uncollectible.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 this element is added back to net income when calculating cash provided by or used in operations using the indirect method.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 45
 46
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 this element may be used in connection with the fair value disclosures required in the footnote disclosures to the financial statements. The element may be used in both the balance sheet and disclosure in the same submission.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 rather it is the initial cost adjusted for the entity's share of earnings and losses of the investee
 adjusted for any distributions (dividends) and other than temporary impairment (OTTI) losses recognized.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Subparagraph 1
 2
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including amount of allowance for funds used during construction.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of unamortized discount or premium
 including current and noncurrent amounts. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.
              
 -Paragraph 20
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 (b) whose operating results are regularly reviewed by the enterprise's chief operating decision maker to make decisions about resources to be allocated to the segment and assess its performance
 and (c) for which discrete financial information is available. An operating segment may engage in business activities for which it has yet to earn revenues
 for example
 start-up operations may be operating segments before earning revenues.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of reclassification adjustments
 of the change in accumulated gain (loss) from derivative instruments designated and qualifying as the effective portion of cash flow hedges. Also includes an entity's share of an equity investee's increase (decrease) in deferred hedging gain (loss).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 plant and equipment (that is
 the periods of time over which an entity allocates the initial cost of its property
 plant and equipment).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 generally by contractual agreements or regulatory requirements.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















begin 644 0001193125-13-121694-xbrl.zip

XDG[?B/T/'$]L

MHA[*)$0R
[]

UQO-1H7=4(=%U$#GP4M+RUO^]H+FX/^?NBYF]K[5\O_-;-SY\_
MU_V[4=
I

MZ5IDQ/

M:\-@'G6=L%D@#W\9?P)QY^%?_&]BBBLC@FW-EQ
]<[H\;\CRT/$K$*G6MJ/F
'VQPV`V[E



M4D`O
FO?Y5H2O^X;F*NHQ40+N0&/K8NM@'P0I']\+P3:RA(C73F\$W*_
MT2\8%KE+EZZ]GY$`9D#14YVNF(`H(&@$KPKM
!!:2KXJ0K`:N82Z4**PA4





)Y;?S#WT867HPU*;E]BW







:8UE

`%*R482OS

MV9QXH%*/!KH(APN?(L?I8\.S^94N'KJ*.



MC-BJ=P@Q_Y2.\2X:T;HB&._$M2=_8'78VE
CB\'Z`S(FA&)[KE]3TU]SF@EA





2`80C`L;-\!
M'$#P3!O%/;)6Q*\1$0$`@A$(;%1O^1\?+S-@A$(0@&#P4[X(7-1;/@IL

M:\^=
'LMRH52A4+)GC%V7!^E6O%L!;JC?(IFR]3W0%'V\N
KASYEY]0_MBRQ
HN:R*2!/5F`<%9$B)C((GA0`54J*B8*8L)`6%CD0C-4-
M`$J6G)MI&D)&0_I47FS]Z?S;R[6^8Q?F/4B'*3#B2YQ]5MD$$M4D%+$&?RO
MCCYZE3:'LBTWRGPXGVI5U=\\2PK$+DU7-#ZE)%]B(@D16_\=69Z8L42B@E:0



M4\S47JSZZB&;:PWCWM`B8^0706S/'Y'+P;4O4@GH4HC?1&@=SI0T_&9;13
MZRA.;+PYM:SPM;35U=_/_K)NMOE4Z]KHXYF4VOATV%KXYS2U(6]FP(?L
P/6

M3SQ*3QNM(#]#/FU\.*PT[Z=3SK]:U\;US)92&X?EI0JE97(:V
UXK#_9S/0

M+Y;0O(&X7%I?6%]6(6H%3)[
IF;S/<%=OB+;62H<OJ8U'DKDJ8'=SGJ7OQM



'V11J.(FQX$1J&DWLA746F\L<BQW`%=88K$%8+5)78)Q<\
M#;I.Z#JAZY1B/7.7FV[N$`_O4%7M.HOL.2K;72O1=1:;8P#=)G2;T&W*N!J?

-[SC4_A&Y3=7]
MVQ/*U'WFX)5'+Z!TD#/1;RWVJH?`V4UK^9]39HID'L5VFA?OF)OV;3M?$:'W
MS'':\U#]/C3%X6`3


M9B\HN9Y

^;X#[T=HIR]RU






MQH#J


M`&T;T'8
62LG[O)B:A6&7S+1

CEUL3\4AO^*\WV5$

M'S!G);N1\YB@4L#*6XJ+\G$L-0BR=*XF:@[G^CUV77%
^D@/O$
1*W_E3LJI
M


275`214RV

THF9Q+#:$
.-UE8I
VH60Y3^)*H:82-*]W!7FW*
MJ0$SODMNH;07FM_%
&_^]/S]U=

M-81LF'DI+6'I=XF7M9;7ZI32%9K90ICI1X$2Y5I$`X`9!L!DFC%?0Y$$[*


M?



MBCE;





0I=ZQ&YGKV2V1*+


MOQRVVN_
1R=4\7ST0(`2

&:1!XXRWA-
M0@ILQ=

-






V
MOK1?




MS_4W\:RF^''XWYJ;^.6YZ9IG7)0?QNX77WGAAVR5NJG5M#T2;WB:L.6/U-GT


V







MX#.Y/^[)IZ
66.#X6&+P3Z<K/!MI!DW#F9MG?CQG

MQ


MREEPVPX2'X4WK!#&4Q$T22+7!S+VEM,=X220XNH==O(44FDE.Q*5B@?.*Y
MH!\[ISG9_!HB(AZMPHM?%=.$]^VL[PG.((T]QWPG3XPC'C@@U%+@(]R/@&

MX`B3Q4)1`!9DG-&O



E;\4)2X

RI-X
RSLV=BI#&TDB2?'.9S-E(2K:
M;N@$28!O04\.\X
XTX

M+.!G6)

M;TJ0

7[/+YEXR$V;X*I)MPU*(



`1L`SGTQF755[]8FZFY[TR[IIRI6?N91NXW

*YE6N0FA5U9/[FEC&





;H:FL`

[RFQFQ99`5QDT@D$72G3K+D.O?1

4CMQ'

MT;



?=RW[*X8*P#*0

ML(7
126U9Y0


M!3L4^5TV02PW6EMX7@3J)`S[YZ/.D?R\Y(Z3?KYQG7C^\]%P\.R(H8M=A/)K

?GAYR









M\PO8B@&\P)9QUL@C*AH4AE1\!NF1!]W*$6#P&7*`ZR^36(
V8.O&&H8RKD[
M,$'XA,-2N!EY0.'JC4\8@G!U**-@GHX/V7(VPE\=:+N4X8%[++!OO
5LI@Q




VQ-BY6SD):NF]7K9*.C!%MURW$E7;I&NPN;8T/
M)DHV*=+Z`)%T&Z(?F

M[/HU(D+#:%NH&I`/\!
&M-9H\@VFZ6%G2\*WAB-O-C.?R9JN^=@^J
MH^1=@



M3O?LWS0&G6$#[?M7TV

&0=5FNCRF]S$$#^)S@;;$0
M(W!I[1*\S5R[371G9

MYE;'[+0S5IOH2'0D.K:/C@=U/Y=\*\/;%K'34I.PZN
5LV/TQ_T&Z!L$+!D)









M\VAN

M'&)4H


ML`
_6+@VFP


12V@*@P%98L-P@FM=.4%*A$!/K%81'LNF0,(
M]3]@3EJ@P.A]%RB%5`DB7=*E33B5


W$.L@'\B=_#P+']91+Z4SR%X1



*%;^!9^%W(E


MW^4E!_`.9N&@Y(-M'

M%-!N&K=E!U&L5I43











_O




MZ?_MP_1X9(QJD+B#S'5:K83I/:SU6A3])GN=-'JRC8B21
E:S*AVE%P7_MGG

M4-O\GIPWUL



MU44W\TJ`LJ(SUNO#4IIS=RG+)6+=PO
BMU[&\$]:BUL2XI
JJ9Z6+C]?*6?Z
M3I4S/7Z/M4P-7

MPC*J)`O+\456U_NSJNO]I.KX/2A5Y4X%J/Q





.J:
MS*Q']1(

0



M+)



YYAQUX_4


W8-+R\E_




M414/3.E[*N!/(0(V4^HI+^FCOT2S;LVLFWA\_II[W+?!Z(NS0D]6GM2YQLMZ




A&5TQM5GJZNO('N:.C6Q=0T.3^HJM2F$DQ9V=0J:



+40X$Z$DQHT(A3HK=]#HSODN/T0W9-]1,HF@?^S<YDLWYA[CV`5#
M284G-=`7-!4*&R69;,P.HMA@-W/7GN,B]1('*./Z,709Q2SP@30SWYVZ-B()
M)/A+V#&,_(U80BNN.OYQ)7&N74=-@2^!*D1)5-XS\71P`()A0=CEO/#/M6I

Z!W&+J[!



M[#FL


M4FL&4\4VO*D%M#
8@F8@#IP50IJ:(LPJGJW02(I%[Q8?_9M(_40M3^L<(@!;$S93^-
M+`
T5$




6Q]:5`C!I

-=\/;
MDW


!J.1



@M35R^[T#
2Z2,X^/[!6X8&3\*]6!?&+E<16BRDPON1AK(HE9<GR5RH_Z,=

2

7&_#9UASVA3@0FZH\$
M]*X*7&$A)U4IK%X:;56B:QD%GB.+/SA1U
1RHHDGFMC(2KX*\3$

7
M8YF(0C&44W:Y4LQ
]Z
FI$M911)]+


?F5'RC\L:(ZOOJN!/J^(-TDS3;6K7C\PHMY&1#$

M+.4MH2TF\5-(9WF667(;-


_
W


M6'#[]8@,.!!E&31/&&)`_$TB23FR.3-Z1.)@8F!FZR3-Z0GH58FEAZN]G8
M!

C'
MG$1D]\\=Q\6NH)&[CB_

CB)T'$=!'#FZ2#?
'QSPH
MGUUD_]GPI]GP;3E\O..N




M#3P

MLX!!1#$

Q;4;))%WJZ#4=$`85`DWG[T5








MJJYPI


MSVO8F8$Q?K+R+%NXN?8[ST``R






M]0NEA+H8N:TW`M-Z=9;1)




U#Q[:?7
$/87GQI!+Y?@L%9C`Q
M6.S&GN1!M=+424ND/`9)Q%W\-(%JN1DZGA#7^G:!GF:G\K5D3H^LA'HN3X@
M+MT&R@\29`M*&:OR&ZO]ZMVW=P,.O-1ZPJ1=8V^:X]X9$Z-
D];`#?1I
MIOL-'KB(&]04I=&*C\0I`;N@&K';=#BO^04WI?8?$J[VN(?F-UB@'@(8L6







MXDR(R=

4




OV6+
M'3T

+;`$W=#!H40]7P(H%&-P8E^&X

MA)%!`QEY5AY1X9W0D
H^F_I-U)F8FT;53C$B#9[F.IXRP14F6Y799POMJ:[X
M4OMA5
A4K
M5:TP97AX@5
`VOHKO%2

'&P)QY0S;L]P3&?H*PMKH\)#EV%Y6:NJN*NSM=F(1P94IBS

QUM#L8=K$*WUV3C




LC@
C7/T`EZM2BVMO

H(
O
M:7Y5$HEC)$%!J\$K4K5$=6D*6:LK^_.+(
#8?LJ+`7@[)2;

MW13VJR2HYI$(#V/QFI)Z
8^


UP-*C`N]A6US\VDD;%$H,E+'M`WLI94F*


M).4VD9)E)JN)%`WX(K



MY%A73?E#19'=E-](2.BE/M;^Z+S9PH1,!N$;ZJMP#3PYD
UO&UNE^Q4NQ+



M4B%@?ITJV:)

?
M@B&FIZX/5&1TL82SL#
6CO
RLJBT.5(

M]G=?AGO)`X2H2'




@G+VX^O+B&[9E

M[=V!=B4\
3WK+`P=E8L@3*

M*3BYT&656522RT)#7?)-8IDU0)GA.8PRYX*:MQRE-A1U





MHRZYMEH


BI3N]^I[OUE5/-4;

G(Y?O++@@
MR_L0%Y=_B#(RNHUTM)?A:2RS=H).IG.694Y_J]+JH%]1#G*23?@^'K_#YLN5

M4%[


'?

M+NCJ_)5$L2Z/&3%94C


C]RMY`U[A9+SU65@V6I(2^KFYYQ7&'ON%N%Y3M[

MQO@#3V1!=0QG`7O-_:^JOMY'KI?\610%V1J+V%4(*TCH$H*J)RW52A5J#V%M

V(TD`E%&Z`F0AK9LFL:HF
P%C18M)66
O!.IAH2.Y+Q1'AIN#DD!Y
U+2S!HW\EOJX@A4VF3:U(Y;3PS+=85Y#!
M3]?%8KVZ(I)\.ZOOOMIWCIFJZ:1(XD`;VR5&+05H^2`5AQ4C4Q9*Y


M65L
2C3T3K]GF:7K2MEG?J%.:+9QR0'K\M7=T\&S&O)'FD+HO4PAU!`&^0XR
M]DI:I-4Z-#D[*73D

ML!2PT_B9TNNXGH
N7/H'UJ9=BIG!/G#?C8


M
VTJ2JJ!]AZG9O8:AS4TPJS5A8M&]8DP:]AP]SK=..3!P*
U2X6+&DI.*EQ4

M.;683;1&OUAMC6C!M$R2;E+BDS((O4]*08(@_,`+E6K!9.G`'8U/()G-
M94#`A]-?3MD?W'


MJH-*0Q5.&PH;5P)^Y4:%Z#4
C5OR

M01

5$Z^

B

MP*7[IM8Z\$


QY3.O*2;+L6L

DY03X@/3&%FC


MD$+38H!-HS]\E(V





F\1LWLF'00)\KX+O7

ML:

M






6*#\MB@UX0Z)$UTEM-DH.X2HQ1OWH[




AJT)/\C
\ZX;
YF%X


7



MGMYF@#O5Y[EKIT'R;^XE/'8#']#R@AONVY0/J_1`3F
XJ%Y#;:''MSX0-R/?



24*

M#$LK;NHGF:AL!%:A_$9=_THWEIU45XKQJ\%B0AECL4P#8L2B:1Z[A87!%'







A]%P8;X_%*I\A07W:`2C/^#-A28
MF


MQP=E`[R7F5ZQ;G(9R^-2?0
;L]A-L^-5=['D-MW%+IN[3ZN/FB3I51Z^H]
1
MX=MB?


M`VJ@GM^'\PGAO3



K(H_F^Q&

M)ZWGHSY&V+'PU9A4YQZ_B8SBSZK0RV(91&ZQ2
PL#))EI
H835U/Y@JP11CS

)/]H2MJI36-9ZHI0A5%2:L?B.':/,PO#V!
MAVYXZ,AR.$G

MAP*#*BY5=KOJ*HBYM\.KR6/X&X:!-=_1![H4H1MLJ.K8BNM8/^VU?AXO[J-G
MF%;U
5ZUE%*-QK5K#







=&E



K(
MJ4.GOI0CI^Q

M+E9;'Z^UOA7X?[Y(HI
9Y\N7JLK/%?_V!B8(TCD)Q15`_-H+[*__PE']
]4Z


M9O$-8T%)CKSW14Q_/H(=[




O%U;LO%Q\N/EZQS^_/
M/BH^G&1

%'DI3V1(*_V*_6N?]J9OO=L;Z)_..


LWJ7TE

J,&[+9@1*''*]V^P,"O?._\@M#
M4YQ#5V[:5[5ZIWH9J5]GQ$+HR&AXROTA.()(FP1BC5RB*'82I2%].:9\%:
MV6ZMT^[*YFNN;[[F@3;?'Q#@<OZ;A;AL5Y75+?@2(@$S\&<&FX&$#M'1V0<
M

%?['??X$VV=Q

O:`-(C[820/B=

K\A]TW4CK/G(=EX?NSC60JT(_L/&6H?W`+!9N
M+(T@T

IZXMTK..
M:[DYZ@+5\'HRA36M!!K\E1YHH


M:N

M]0'WV`7)AZBB-B5_NXLQ-MG0HO:#47V+VH]&[2EJ?\](HZ=02`TDT(8H7[KP

BT21S_NI98Z




\#:#I]T@]B-A$L2O!(RA4JLBB-
MX\'^F1X57A1+S_AOX14
&V=.(G)P9
B


MP4_%2.M3%1\-36/
AQ?XLQ
9X(&O+`MDLS.RR2`1/UF($















6
\I=K_BN-7


?F232!3L);`Q\_`5D$6K'L5H$.TX?=;B$'F[(4




MQ$1QILC$(:I*R-]`0$_991%?,6S:=*$2'Y_589:J=%VI\M5$06QA_+Q9/2
M0MY;5K
%\PRPGX`6C-?2TD#L=&Z:*:3L$ZYDV4P$IH'EP$)ZF:371;[+/
HV




#\*5S?:T*`!DJIYW
E4*^QNFH#*H9.86=9FT'7=LW<7FB]1(INRC?




MB2?EVB82R01.N6JQFJI)W?24*5IV4.$[['&&F[S:E)5&$`?!5[Q

M*P?TJU0CN




@FEBM$B/`KN
E
HW06




M'A%4?%

]C
'$9Q::/5
M[;B.V@&4&PJ/3J5IF(Y+C4$J(:MWI[+



YXO\O^KLT.$3M[I8JC[
BQ(0

MV$L%



MLP0^!E+K+IZSR8`][;++M


MO;(]_%B6@3(2/ES&\
0\\$!


M[LNL?1'H?4J3M!4=(DD'G?[ZO^JDC9GYDUK+DF(ZB3$`2XI

7'O


B6N









&


4)ZKPODMHRYEM5



MW



%5)/





RW/4TA(_
6-OIY
0Y&7.Y+US;^W



M+%'


M[9[V[8/2SA[(D[_BGT_]T



PPH*Y/Q6'@&7B+4A=NEQ=Y
MLM



N\4*LZT]8YHE:BM?2Q
M@CK[$486PZ[/1_


MY$&/@_!F9S^KH3*KISTKX3?JKH!N+DO\LRQ4(5^1`W[@YQ$SQ1/6K


MWY7QJ)@V'$-]3UKE`%!(;SHAUZ$LJ=A3^3L*^?(R62Y3Z^BL7L!S2K2_-MBY
MBMQ)'WRN!'1Z$HL9]-PIO%D




;A%
A$V\IB%=E3E&XY#F3LW/[C0H*K-0U4AA%

_DJ%KP3ZR0;E\JEE!OX'YBDOD^
N6;R
M#


M\H_T'D-YDX\1CS6%)(2CQ&/$8\1CY$:2*S=8-;6MT!K-'/B,.*P9A4.(PX
MC#B

EW]




);P[\$K$TL32Q-+$TL72%++W+
M)'KTD]'2C*0T^I7





M)W'/M$Z[%'W?XJ5+M^E;NG3I-GW[%R_=IF_IXJ7;].U?O'2;OIUKMR6WZ1M_

M:V25L\]4!47V12RXZ^







M`F:'G;`?F/Y:T^O.55F%T=HN)?;E:'QQ@G]\_'1UP7Y3TF9DF=:KU[]?OOMX

MFBJ0V&`WZ9)T6)$LYC$0*^L&8U-BR8LDCA!;].@W`A%X]^0UP?/-S*(7


MYZ@!DAX\;\_G$B^0UPXERV_&
.R01%1=TNJ-7VVF94^\,&&=(C0?P9?0:+Y1P5<QW[!1
MX9K:L!K@*?P5N7$5F3E'!S]S%Z`KQ)($@:]`BB(12Z[$3T52^8$OTN_E++U;

D!LTE!#XZ`S(!3QI*^`=@$83P




=F]M?

#7'_



RWU62^G4$GBKOW9-\-8=WKVT^*
MEG%!V?#N99+710]Y37I(R3Q<?<YA$E$EPEM]I2.MT1X'Z4^&^DAQ`6'UT.V



2\




LM7M&J
QV1)MAMBTC'&_^KN3!'%YHKHS
M
&`8!'%[(;:

M[M!Y:8L1-DVC.Z0-JL4(#PG@=@-

MXA+#%



M



MFP1PBP&&O8D.Q-L

+D!6@QN;VP
!]5[JI^*&Y
N:59@(X.)3)E`VHQPU^B
M2`5I


$_/H?$;:(HB4\YQD%'B8^GEO`I2P2*AOZIOZIKZI;^J;

M'&MH](=-\








W\50\^_R/DQ-VX3OLBD\\P5X'SBT[.5E[


(/93#CL8Q`+F$+^





MC]C1/(Z7+U^\N+FY.;WIG@;A[

MG;UGO_Q^]N7LX]6G+^SMNX]G'\_?P7?O/K[]].7#V=6[3Q_54IADRVJ'3;-I
M7H--\UJUP7K/'C;//X1TZ`=)R
Q.YQD+;GP`T@G@E=BU691

M*`2NV5/VX%&L]3(^'?:?P:^^&X0@0V


.2P
.XD`
!X6AQ8*3_!(R-DOP^#:C:`!:-W?VJ\$



ZF

^
!BG&SAIV@?N`P?=YB\6WROF-RLN
MO?6V)#5VI9$X96]A4C@


.4


$
SK
M:OVF`\TFW=<X:\*=X&HS4=*L:=8TZ_;-NI$AT.JPE)'8)J:F6=.LG^L=XGM



MS$94#VZB\_*=NF\?\V^D1Y;-R6`@=2DY8ZL!'O:J]W(0P*1H$+@$+H&[8@
.
K/:SE\)Y@&Z)CD3'
M.G5+=0ZUJG;K20I\=RM7Y:'YK`E.PZF[I.5'YWRR;?)V_$<#W'DAWT`<M
MG&SH%D
\-H8]6L


%7+
L:D8K09XB'H




)^8EW@KJF
:P7SW&[?1;
M8B*]*



)@GHBA3-O-K!*1K






M&`-M+2]


MQWFP6'+_-I_\)-


:=`OF+(I$7/<;U0=SI.WW$LV:9DVS;MRL][+M*A;7YSJW
M+XEM8FJ:-<WZ<YZE]A^=+V[M'K*YSR:RYAIC(V&

M][S@!B.@VJHL/O!

#[7[/K=*I'


M3=EFA

#:Z??*0M!ABTS(&%*K79H3IHD#K





M



$=


D)*&P=P$6NDL.Y2BQRE;0;87-@
M&H


W5

N$

%=E;BRU59&\QME21O9W`4D7V-J-+%=EK



-[[K5@[]2UQ./W010];\[

MWJL`DH^!?[(;E@T'KZT&I0(0+CQWX?K*'*D165I*[=PL%
Z!R7)/I\
FE7U=






X`QZDP*^26;K?
T86'=BT&&&061V3
MMJ46(VP:?;
)FQ(!3$HE@;L^D'''Z#:_D$9C




MZW:




M7Y5[=N!Y?!F)E^D?VJTJ2?N2H;]U$YU71-=K`3/0PNM7P9UUX;4A&DX/KC]X

Y!U+31[F_)M?6)*.6



33A;(DQ_]&;YT.H;HX%%V+8.VW[7L`9-2!M`


@BF4QC!;KB0^TI4AA
M)'#O):EZ_;[1[56_#1'(Y:F0'=B/2(5L


MA
]YSV]CM$WJ[^217!['1[]`:;C'`!&Z+P;6&7:/3`'=Q!.X2^%YKC\S
7Y[(V,TJ-Z[
M3Q7J&N.ADW8JPA@TC4)W#LNC\P1C7(QT0'<RUT/!,=B8Y$1Z)C7294-SJV
MXV!.IYOQ9_IPKMW)C&NCN1W7PWE<7


UX?8G(;ROT!H:



KCYN_B&D)5R$W@HKYPD

75CRLQ2MB3KC@UK1)*L

MC






C
0XC?N)WCK*F
U

Y`I3#9((P-L/HL):M587ZYYK50H&9@O/
%H!UX'E]&XF7ZA_:Q
M2M*^9.A\W43G%3GV6L`

MT#XLGJ.NZN%Y$

M
*F1K8=X:`V


^$P+WG5;V.875Z!'&+(3:L(:WA%@-
X+887+-K&KUA
M$P1T$P_?+H7GN?[
8#/ABY![\IH4=Q:N[T8Q7IVZ%FD-43J;(S%&X.X[D&'/











HC.@C8

MWB?N;-PWAB-2&EL

9@%XT$3=B)F-1(@GCS0`:F90Q[U8=^/_$(X7;F2(Z


MI%Z6O3\9?0H+:3/`EF4
2`=I

N:Q.\I&(2N.L#Z7:
\:@)&5-*=%66




('Z1SO_JB/H3PDUZ^!W68EGB)(?5\LHGP!5V0+5^Y[!H#
MJ_H02M(MRW16=XQ.#0H+$L8E8CPD?-N




MQX




TWPA:+B0AS+K+&!K
ZIE7[N673.O[=YXGCQL+!
ME*PPPR)N.]$S_-%]V/3*Q#:W4=[KD




MC&E#(G`)W:VR#IW!*?AU9`]/ERM#.5#6DBCWI_V3*-3@WJWY`X*]%XLBQC



MY\&4+47H!AM**9)F0H*-P+W70`8CPZ0Z?6U&F)9OB\%MS/(E#W7C/%E$1Z(C





^!6
:H

M=SAK48B!+(

?VT;&)+NMM)B&F_VB[
?@3V8M4RKQG0P
LP:5+(B8&FQ

MAK:Q-)W?RHJ

*MCFK6?

%&[



&P


KZW+<I
MKIEB76G6-.OF!A1]YK?Z*
YG7N#/3F(1+I@C)G'-A5GS=_&Q

`!NAH2XNTDL
ZCZR.
M90QKX`0FB4;Q(P0N@4O@-E0\-]$=\D9
11@*I^#?M8
HIL/GLG7LO@5V5/5)


MKQYBTBU)_2!P][DS



MGMMK]Y!/NLJNR4Z$AWKUW1L4T^Z]*
0O19N[X=AX)+#ZAZF+IA0P1LQW
M0Q8A&0T$[K[Q$%UC8!++4;8-,QQ]0%K!'!Y2[AGC!H1==I$K_3Y!H6#\9A-
M!/3MXVEY,&5+$;J!0WH(Z2$$+H%+X!*X!&ZMP6_=./\5T1'HB/1L7UT;(=?


#9F8F^#
MD



M'/3S3N?9$5
R37Z_*N7LP//X

MJ_H8\'AH]$TJB]Y9'LC8SN/FD=`?O8P%K&H#LB7%N':Z]KC*RF)XFIJ\8A







M?Y'*42Y?FP/3Z`^;H%H3Q/LFQAD.#&M


AC+U4;JD?8U,WR/%V]D6'V
MQY5#3*YJM0CB!^PC$UC9%9?H;JE%Z


*RMP]3?\A8!



M1`%?M=TX_(ELPM:IE%5C.N@:G6'U&1()V

DQ9L^W`=]`USU(0%VVK3
MKPNZFA




_ONX]G'\W=G
M[]F;LZLSQ=R33'?9X378Q.[6*K_OF-*N-2S7%K.%YT5+CG?$?S[J'
G/2^XX





M)(PWI6XJ;PA8?R2:S:-UTVN1':=)9.[Z8*!V*6%/EW'LW;AL#?%HL)

IM30&.&A;5B6G?1




M:U5-







R`3RD\$&XR=NEB24

M+HR9VDQ=MKCV*C)-$X7)BZFA18.$L0/V=8&,O#2_6_FSZLRTJCU+F3+/[N

90+5.(4.]8XEX]
9LS'3)/GM`%R.!SZ:IV1

EW'@


8M!0^&+(!]D

_T(%A+'5P6=[&*




MTU)M7K\*.8F8?%M06+'1)CRN&#/3_V:
U`!:H1`O05MKE'$P93^S-0D#$%
.

4:MLR8N09%%
M()AZ::1\F;QEVP`3

0!N'`!S
M
E6+$;^NX-'`GPOY);;+?)!+LDHX0(H)
MX
S_(!P`;*M]0U`Q4TX&+U#L0P


MD`VX3D
7*2U#5OX*H1`1^9)R6L6@`H`151VPP
X]=[Y1\/GE%.4*6))D\X70
MAK@WP)E

M\\J63!MB-B1?=&Q^_'1H;:LD]X4!Y0IBKJ


2H@
J]RIUA\;^ALN3


N

R`4MG*WGR6/[:H\3I[5GB].]YK!@I+D
/_GG#



VKZ&@A`
^)`^X*#EC^[D
MU:P$[U:+;X^=[!GP3M<%;SOV%X8

D;3<_)6\X)?@$CF);$$S*&T#<^

MP3X0.!`-)Z(4A8YX)^22N$.4'X!R_QQL&9.5;NL'I.*-PEO(1.6W/$IR0L%C

;KQ'$+#QMP

M

=SAAF)^92\OO+Q!3&\N2KSY

:JUN*M&\

Q2WA1Z'D_^OP_WL:VF61=CG(H2^5MTM\VMP2









F%.

M`.
)ER!!$`0;\]'_2(0MO4&2&V=1L5&Q*.N(`0I+2Y$GH8.J'6PUNUF0]\33

M3VSS&(N)^RM%)=:ED@JC
5G'QOO^4`L=WAI\ZYR59%$$#:!%HES^`9&G
.

MPZ56+EN
'XBX!.]L2'AG8RC/)0C%AKO348_B@=/]5@*GWQ6;X&?8!+_`)GA5
M*+@')M


WB!T(6-Q3&*2









5;3X)=$-=([F1DDA)I*2NE'S4R=^
PE[%-MS^EE2NO5!+
M3?[`VSL=1!Y2

M`.
%H^8


M-
15!142
45'
Z**!I\$BJ&NX=M(2:0D4E)72JZ*Y/+S_YQ!X(Y'KAWH^U7D
MW9&SLY4WX*?EGE;M/6ZZ6HO;E_EG


MVBO*UL'3VC
[18/%C%[3F%$6:)]\H.DL\I*/DZK5WZG'^IS6'N+'Y&SY?::3

*O'?




MD$G&!#L(R)N9SYZ[H61
`Y^R1G+IRE[A9*!L%41SWR4S1D@*
EF\2C@S.BYP




MYOH+/A:V]KR

84EX^![#



M:R*+P8@T#1D[,-!=8
T\;K*OE;Z'@](]0W58;F?S-F'D^$$7=_CQ5;8[5+
G5!&J$5@7AF


MV=HJ6^=21

!FGX$
MKP942
1BQC!N


M;/.@K3*:

GK_8GEBUTZP:K8!V

3(IS)_.ME





^





H

M`7X\#5%G=?=Y+`U;S&.TOWG\R`.S:]Y$^XEY$Z^7BM.)9('E4D]J54M75GB]

@K.D.]/BBE.?




MV38K

MU]^2RK47:B;S`V^CT%6%T*]G!^Z$-%H++B2DS#['=;UUVEE$M/-KP@ZAK-

:DVN96
M6X([*

YMS!7)3(FPTA?R+?UM-X`./5UK2@E:Q
M6^

M
EP^0;MM_\CVC1[6%=





M4LUZP.FS;@K]YN]B?DQG-&;
5Y^GT\AX%/P$_&SG[Y1A.2A3%E0@FB@J:.




_(BKGM?K88U4@'7!\^E

K!H
L&:=M!HFLK7F;-V@

M(])1IFXWDN2@!OQ!O

M9%TSTEJC941I]^@[T




MHPG9ND&VUN

'CND(])1


5%R;4
@;YR;;ZQ&%<=,J^L7J]YV02Q21E;=]1)TX(91:.=]\@X:_<WWA

+;KA5I%S/I]OOEH
N.



;
DOG`?GTUZOW


Z
9.2./)=?*4%9]

M=D5.7[X+#2US\#(ABWQ:P(V)GZ0)F3M^&-R!M%C`1!
^4UK.-$L8XHP#6`_9


M3TS!F0


M.7FSO@$2\Z66

_

M6']LTUEBA7/RGCH)G47!:A

C8(*
*QBLGSF@3^AQ584P/LY0)R+PCNVC:6P

[8&A/[8K%9YKP)+\
X

M@&B

3/RW&[8A@S0HUA830#XL3-9$
M_3'VTB1CJY_6OGPIAIRO?_83]=D7^7*/?4;$D*GZ-WS4\23)9,L$S!)B#.

R$_#2V#&3@&'^)/]J#+
M/[&O^_`'!^DGT[;YAQIKKJJ1E1VQ5I^L?MZL6.8D39:URNK-^HN@_=6ZS-5`


5
M)9?D-VN6B:7_
#XJI#?P;7Q_$!?`W/5Q@-;EAQGE;
]8FLL;($'%8X`NH)^5
M?

M:EKM]@1K6Z\M1LI7;#760HN37K']6VA^3)W[O[#UD&DQ'ZX\W(*A6ZIF;+F7
M6BGKVV=J;Z&;L.;37

P*<#
M$(QKO.0M3;@^*#;S@`V7SSV=.6*;WC06H0ER

_)GU'(?X*)%X
QB
N4GH@9


M*WMD/5MRE^_@;




8:?]BDD(
M[+Z![0Z-GCU$8+4#=FB-C-ZH_;(J#5G'+6L7'_AMFBK*3)5\=^VLSWVF!K-5








M\


P*(.B#R5&Q0;[DYNZT/Z$9I)

MK3PY;?/0Y

B^M/EXYHK1R*RMM%LS2WA#:8Q


GY=+

M&!B]4?LQ!9C#ID&
J<D(;735,56Q8AUAYB
MU/F5TU61CJCS:^OG[751U=<3V6%/`PU?^2U1UW!MI0&OM^+%;T?XUX/T850

'QY(RC[W2CEX6Z3L+3(#AAZ9
Y
_X@@P*?\9

*W_
[U


MB3[P0PH





$#\!XG7!

I




MJTAN'-W4OB]DQY0)9X?Q.NR)G`)

13&T

M96END:XKBWU_9I3):B!W/L'5CMG8V7:41DS&YY79EP8`5X^K^D]I;=U
63\)

MDRV


M8L8C`.0?$1

M[LL&S-+-1F[)Y*8*EXC?&1X

$!Z+.O


T+(Z+_FCY6?S
M)=


MV%Z5
*'(U)M%H=ZXXB%P&I
_



M=`.F))
;8!;`.0@D


M`51Z[4)QGN*1C-GZQ8F_Z$=V
G6?







MX&+7K0SIRQ#T]AA8A]&VVK7'3B(3KO)]N!*!S1%?L-!*?0&[`UN*
-'F%#

K<^4:Y
MYS!?1U59#FYDKLPRGP

D2[AC7(R`SSOQ
MF=QGEJ[#]VNVU




H7R!1\:KT-)@VG98;$@\4X@+)$/%$A4R#CD#*Y8T+

&A891O

MO-(^
5\N#W39Y[-?LO^(T&`7U!98O1:=V(^7H];

?AN;5:


-M

BTWQEBJP7'G_


M%*\6U@)3IQ-F




O%
'B7L97&!9.$S#2NDZ@QP3EY7?EM@

MG(=KP6?\V#9D]EJ2P`0Y5\.AQ%H94=ZHYO%1
-BS@%$MN#N#
9^!K*VOCS$


UZ%]\K@

]?JEO?J!%TIOH+$GI0AS#)OGIS\2/
1,6-[SE<^XG-\R3C0^N&P@BBFC25'3`*%`G/'L\/X`L]^@<


MMR/V:2R:^S86K55C\4]Z4S7R*8[-;]O+IQB49D2;N:$?E8LK5M7'ZFKM!H
M+[UHD:[

MJ_E^+JV?:KJG[]Y^_O(\UQGA)^X8F\\CL'[_F_EQ[;ZD&#./=R\G(PZ](/I)








WXX


:IR*$LMR'N:U

MJ#]
W/MY(2H%3VBH6UB\CS5Z]FD)6_NVA
LB[7/?G;P0]M&FV5U'KVAN.*$Y

^WXR(Y9E)MY:3:1W)%@.]D


B;H2RM7TO8921GS$4W_(X8^YD\'(:5)9X[:[G*E7*1;G(
MUTP`:KH8]ST;^(:K8O4A)Y7A*68OWA2G0GF0Q]+TGS1E.#&
F:6?3ST_\.47




MXZZP*
R-&;Z



0UG7



M

M55J'^V!0%095/:A`JAY4]:J\3I-?'[M/

M^J0CC8?EDMV47/HK+'-!0E*EI;2P?F&AY/EO-159TAQ;6X8]4
%ICP!KOCEI


+PE?





45


MV$^(JWXV

MZ

M1Z2C?G0\J/NYX5L9P::('4U-PK:/5\R.T1OU%-`W$%@T$HX=4]
86#;BJAVN

MFE4X5;MM\E3MYIH6#DS@@WHN


%XP:L[PMXQ1
M!X









B^)Y_O;P2W@(G$57Q1_Y


OW#_P0#O?(A_N0/BZ%';:W







[FK.M$


M[#6I:BM
MA?8Z:O1H&R$ED9)2S$@Z2JX*__+S'LIX;9T8[/%9WGJ[97GK;\[R=N4DL[=!





MMU%

JFUF[:O@ST*/
M@(*6BCSD1\P0
WTQ0X]`2\W*[!%(_%LR9^W

MQLO##B9F1D-+6X]M8;M\ZJFH2_(K/MV8:E0D1.]`@I:*_*0'S%#S/3%#+T

M5$O?C#SD1\P0
&[^^6&7ZP.3
\KVU6Y?E*6`NO




C
N7

M-8)U'.0/H7H3TGBZQEJ4)89J/X5D


M!-M'-
M@@(7


FK







_SPVGY.5DX;O'YQO?2


[*_6B/]]
M\FLN?EY_O+K^Y]
;

M3*[A7




M0\/JM1]E**5\4AK9D64
.^TGMD5@]PUL=VCT[$JQVP0VMD]$;M9[]LR#IN
M6;OX0.
IC4E

TILBWUE38(=VQ^B8*@2Y:VWS




44=(Q^:CMW:P2G;#D7H

;W8#*OCOQMEF8QO:P=EKVY7=`PH<<6


MJ76B




MD8YX8U57SYL]


'479'
MD63B+'V$*NHCGU!:74X5K8-VU8ARS,O*NL

MJM/%G

M/3%2X9IB@]MQ8P+KK]`1V2BH1R(&EA\Z`?&3)*/$\Q

8&U.5O&A].E]G+R/PNDU
MLXEAO
=2W:J@T-K4%=L11]O*Z+TG)K(8R9L98L/R/H8;O%@9'=WV*IZQ8F7T
MYAFX9Y@C%0S1@YZK8F%TA3G:


[%]GC/9T[IN6U-WLZ\YN;[^'B

MMQ44

:ZBT4N
M$^)
8TIY@(*FMJ
4IX



M#O?(AWN


#;.'


MEXT



G_0






M+A%[#2E


ML8`32X=YU=Z^$M/6-D8=R:?L#V#7.(N.J'Z\BP!WL)1\-P1!7A5V%)/Z1E
MJ'
&5TE*EDBPCL.
M9&CT+;3?-`;8[!B]WEY2
:
!IS8CH`&'&AL:'A)TBW1$`TX#\N]DP*D3F_F:



5ZN[



O]4XVU^O:BE#DC#R11JNUP#@_0:W[9.&X1:U[





M:0`^'4J0C_Z)4DM6&?4QG='8((O89]VQIXGCNG'&3`@J_*2Z:EG2
+=I&Y8$

MG%3;U;D#XQA!_=TG0'NM)\73T^#Y%].D#D0/\#0J(;)W0Q?U;C@9_&H-^^

](139!5$\1]*!X!=_-F17W?Z'3;/^3#O;PY@+OM
M[^6MVAZ-2:\_H_#L0=F%L5082]7JQMV8V?V:+F+J^MSREIS)E1?@IUW3&`W:
M+[R

NLY*9OT#3HG%'8=\RNE;[KF^4



2D4Z-A_
.ZJ=4=

M%02DG6J3GYC.0EV:)-&:X.!&J7*

M`_O`WIIQ9UE1DW5GZAZ;4)
2!)1BNQ46)Y:4AC:+T]]A##\X829$]]5D]@/
M

MDAL^
[-[Y^TGV'DFI:Q@!'@(P)X)WT#^4`[/F@:X)W,])9UDR],)ZFN?T(*
MK0F9Y/J*/U\X+EX$;9J[S]L/V4+IU1R^P_,AXJLQOJ/S[1RJ*1HS0:GG7
)

(V];Y7K)5'$)A04Y`C44/KPO/[TT6



7R
M^(H=CR_(8N]6D*6[N2#+7V'

JQ

M#5C3+*\`NR.X.PYDL*6'!^%5$EYE



M9IT?B-?
S5GGWV9I%M

8JCQ![#T'OR;$D

V-$D)4V^HO(KV


%

M@V+6MLX'F^6LEI
]8_^




ACR&/(8\ACJ`8B:RO

.0






M$;]-O\;+A3[BO=[J&QIF!Z/O]X]PVT[BKFF=VQA]K_'2Q=OTFBY=O$VO_^+%



]S!ZMXFQLM.4HW+PBC0-`8W:1






M70(\A.$)
/SAA)D3WU63V`\(Q[8='0:K+*0UJ=5?16J[F+WF]JP-ARCKG'JK
TC`/MY]U!T54@_VG^L7X6T0WKUD*$<]!+G@\'K(





M=17`5D7_P


4QT^&F(+


M'`EX7_-`RDN/5^E307M!9!_IUV96I8E^(?V`M3H=P[;PV$(_9%$


MU7;?&'9P%6L









+N#++]DX\3W?B?UU'FFM
M(5@U.UN`Y
\H/'L8ECN)J*?ING@3^'
_Y$;YL2V!5@1^8=A1[\!DV=+3LTYE
M7U7KUWF#5`IVNU3A0@4F+Y+P)9PUSEKI62L9/Y+%
6N


M*V**F.J&J3(N$$KOS'E\-)UHXPIA2F+F7:X3B@!@EHDC``@^@&(J!T51:E


M-DPE2J^IZ+Q\%[K1G)+4N44]LFE.9@:2C9EMM`9XT&W?RX$`HZ*!X*X.Z2


M'9&.

M&'1Q#6L


%C=



X8]
M/*;1#UO+Z%BFP60+8JL?M@-CV
=%JQ^PIZ;1&XT





8=NP

MCK)

+P08#^40

'1^P%.WT0U#HT!QFT)P45P$5P$5RIP


M#4*
I=;U!UF=W?A!W1


ED9)(2:2D9#.2






#BWR^+




MG4))'%7:D/JWS(F=



MF


N

^U`Y6840/`06%RMB
MBICJAJDR`KA!*[\QY?#2=:.

M+01WFSN3]L@P.YAZ6V.(N\9HH$)$P1X]VMVG4[[&MXQ4X:B
VN;70&*HAI
M/9R2[\+O%`*0






X([AKI


M:'C\IC6\=G]DV#WTD&@


00_7L
8`([@:@VL-A\:HKX*`

MZ)$Q5.)FK(K.RW=AZH13?QS4[UEA/-%A.+MG&4-+A;RZ/&NJH=I&9TN[D\:
M0XS@:@SNZ=#J&KWNJ'6,,:H02'=[1BVV3[&Q^*WA
RC20JGX\0/2?)@+6K4

`@PZIL([GU]TQX8UK#]X&;4-X][!3^H


4.YBPD/]@#UE$KEO&4

MW@EB

MZ2P*&!7_5Y%Z8?`RX0D9TKO[&[U4+A3





M4Y(ZMZAC-LW4(Z


4EGE/Q#G1BD

5F0^NUW^V





](1Z8AT1#K*



?M-R-8S

M'`2^V5:%1?6S6;[O=PT9[C:@9&M4
QF@?:$SQ*B9:`SN:6_$C






9W1

R
W\;Q22=

9LGT[GV0D1


M
U#-;U+NZ7FPXR3MM&GFV)E[^]2!1$CBN32IDE1BGU]_`8JR8D;6461!).#U

M(.$J36Z3C#U1]A%H']K@K]-1'!F6'?6&32Y[VZW?I$GHEI$'GLI66IL=N.N
M-YATV%LI]]ZLCQT?!H%#K@UCEO?I4Z@0]H`$/N-01PR!YD[[)Q9!'&HL
=!



7J**:^A3%L

$@



M#JGEZ'#Z$PSO:[1&JTJ-$
4T^+`]P@&$XER&TW9!A1V].!X:/*E\J\S(]9
@CC

6*
M+



^22ID9E%MR=PA
M=2)8
I
Y=B/J1RA:;C##IW;WLQ5&\
OV14#NOH
WM+LO-KG#Z-5;TWQJ(QV;








MMGO?M8?'UVT\_9BQ19Q4/):)7$57\T4IR-N/HB_&JO-XL.XY5FO#0


MH3TG4GS=A/


AOYD3#&W5/[O'B.
MOKJ'EWE9U14Q#'81G[F
(I#
M)Z`1XH.[CGLS

BWR25%]/
MWM!
H)F`W!V/ZEG4L3Q0;##%U`DQA@TF&.0:3*[MVM0+=3#0.FZ^7?
T3;(I

M!A


W8DFMRS6339EO.[$S&

M^!Y5LU3F8G[

&8V!X<$Y,IAF-B,+FG
MKD=#2XM-(W!L\`!6*)\J/-P$C]71QK(Z8AG?))4.:KW.\8TM%K&DRQX)B



M(PL1RN81*_


M3)E;.]767.2]-M]JY:*


MQS*MJ^AHOB@%=?L1]
5H=1X/USU':VT:R)BG:3EG8_&^_7QBG=3?YRR.5]\_
M)W$U$RLARWIU0I9&K_[[8S







M/.
%2^M#4BR^3;*DK.3!J4]\55

P8R!W;S-F633P0;')%--`B[0?(!@&
M&N1^;:`=ZD0ZC-^C*IC*/
^;@F4E&\N3



M?J(^PD)
)MAQ:``?Q&2&PZ$.A[5!+UQ
D-MNB&O18:1#QA2%4J4RAU(63B%Y


L


M`E+=P7)+L2_H


*I@H/




ZI11?J=0B=L]`4A'592BQ&LVQ1BLBKG]XWPQ
M2OEQ7?X#/1=(`DD@22!9/^J]RA30B[SVWG!9SPKDT]\E:8!B@B\-5[CR+B






M4'';_JM^IC
8K*^ZX-



/'B]]^N20G@[.S


R/[XM)[=%LOD*VW-

M6$R6[GY`6YXDDQ00R4'9^XX]/+YNXYN\(-6
DS\Y*^1H%]T4PX;?CGBQ-D[.
MD!(YBGK?MX=NG7[

X7GW_G

M_A&:^\*;N]?FU#$%IOUO*PR%
#N9M)N:M?PXMWT$T$$FJ&6KWBZ8\`VKO.A1








K)G!7BOG`V




Y:%:KZ


M]R(1;91GR[$Q(!Y.Z=S
FCD:?%N0]PC`$

M-`]''17JIY:#

MW\Y9=K_N_.AA;MNRHNR\T7*)+8\5BT^U8L#J
HO7%:NXK`@BU\;UTOE-7?1(
G5EM:L_OMC^S;.TY3-2WZ^^M`(0S6TYT0J1IMP?F2B+N1^

A3`[

&R*B]ZU-=C0-B62PX(Z?L\&Y@

ME=:\RGSFHN-@UCAF3P6QMM

M2?:)ERTGX[SG7L;1-K3WNPB]1J^U[O4VNZ9/J:A+-D\JEA)^-^=9G%2+PMCE

M\KOG%[

%&+`RD$AQ;Y-






MN4`22`+)%X=DVR0_?/]N

M

M7=WY'=Q]:R4[ZKHYZ\L6[#B?OTFV?3_V;O6YL1QK/U7O*GMJG25Z?B#61G



9CW



MT]::PR#MC*0]*9!0*BKK140#QR3VC[I2;(B9Q;FBJ^YJ7%RM3%OQ8ZO;.6-


]74$O

M2@%P$Q&BEN*0



M&@*'$.+9`/








0&

M-(S=.%3PAEAXLMZ%._;VT.7CE?'YFT_P8B@INB@HDBP5GK%Y]P&-IS\)\DW+
MPZ;(]]IY0\=W$3'=KVGXB$Q&97DVIIR

LW9
M]S?+](;

`T1!:(]%WCL*$[.2XKJDN\`



M3

M#0#O
8F;GSXP?;1]/W&79



3-?VS
C#JNM_'1G/)WXWAH@
L

MP'5]50;X5)'%9J
4R8@R!JK;
4:'@#RAQ^]#)CQW[O2%
::6$W.A
]@B8(L`


M1U5W#O\)/F'E3
J\


BU&HK;_`_

M6!]7V'A16L'GDW]/I7C5;3__^7`M#+V1+3S\O+SMM(63VMG9?]7VV=G5\Y7P


M9]_?+-
;


TIA#
K'.!!QOFUI7!!ANF












MO*'@^%2XP3WJ(S90^


4-OJ3]B0
MOC`



U[?MX59[+JXVU



M#+J=%EA9.T@AF8*

-6X%L95#U68J=7#M!PS-;4/55@CXX,*ZM4S,_:,
MD'RV$0_PIJUJ6H9Z8H`NF``[IIF;N1?/6T_6Z0J(9!UZT1I!=9)3
%5L$X^


$\J3XLBBK9;CA9-5`F7_?I42@$%],ZX]=S-]5%)K
M5AK+Q-;Y!2]`QHN
W=AHD*S051_9+O[E;.WM1:-MGU+^D)&&[#\QHHR.*^3A

M]%#?A=OMORC*':*L4_5$\(D5_CU\^T0PL6&-V`C_]:1S?\/YE9:HV=+=&FGA


MW2&!IA7WGW$(Y_@:3W5)#-MHPZKU=G:JVBA:#_L*T+2I4/,.Z;-*9NX.RWS
MC9K4JLG:M+?59B(]L('UJFQ$ZQ1MQ;J6790$O;9^4DH-IP!X56)G]'[)2:X
M;WGNQW-GBQST8
F
R&'G[C


;


N^GT&



M[
&3WW
FKBEUO;RL
M[VF_*$U)*R[SA[%8RL74CC-79BM[4RTMA'M-75E16FJ!Y^Y'O.\Y=^6F=C#@
MK_M];'C=?I?@:<ZA'=RLV$_B=-S




MNMDHC%[).)2U%Y/3?C'N]FQK$
Z2R


B
MJ];UNEI
3O;9BZ+7Z\5DZF#+\?%8.DB
)!^LUFRF[*F*DH^X^O`[FLZ]'D


.YU\)JYDT8*FXBI]C2E:'M7
31U

2

2[W:_'6]IA$'AQNE

1*5.W.Q(7B5WB^CU#SOEM'?8'9B[#S
O^5
G]_=7Y#_K



1$\F





?57;7Z_FGY'I([B6J


JU__WG-RME^?QG5B[J5\O@?_7



MD1



F`WW0WW42Z:UKDVZ:0(A#4@)5Z90)\KJ)ZN
-LKC)Z)`3[UJYN=(.2
M:PQ`[F\Z5L+DWVE



`PX#T/;

4%%PM6Q&(<#J0K;

M/4+)LEG0AWRZU`#C32P5!SH^1JZ\J2CU(J$:@^YC@*I8++V(FLIHJ3P&'*]R

M#@0UW[@


/6CW:@5DJ'BY2L#R
MAZOK\#51U.%3WX;$PYZG6!=J/G1#WQ66[]=UO%RPAM+4;#];/6;I4]G2
/\M


LU$815^
MJTD.;.=C





W98'$59]APG

MCN$G:9F
![QO86(




MF?(N'-\'81%;
D&21LUY'-VD%=H/U
MZ_.KRX4L=C%J*\Z

M$KDB110G](
G49:P?&XQ04`X

MZT9F!5%0]&






MXR=RELS3%?E.BHN[F^BGI@@^Y(9.R%O-;1BT@Y7-36`-5CR;V/1YNZ5S`0-D
M#WJYMUG



MY+$_B6-R2[=



I(75W15G]S=D7D1/['TRSG]770O@GU_/]#+=49V
MH:

MT5
V;EAU/$&W).AB7S/#*A&X%[W]JH@GLDVI#GTL0H7'LX_'MZA89W'Q?$S_


M+JD9-8






M`;$A9P[JF6C#B#Q\F'*I%=%`\DH_^XHDL[?HINEV3CZ)(VK5S8+'C!\36#

!6X
M!


%8M%+)TIA\ME^J-\
MO5.C8EOLCNZ!E0

M2J8



4A;$XG
M
5A<W\(5


$^:ESRI$]T<3)


.5FY0B

V'
MVJ7UTOONXH[;6`(+ZYCD\7U2DCC
9_\DBWNF$%Y;[FSW?O5N5FU7R;
-^0'_

T;(?JZ
M.T=8U+!6T'`D[J;6=)MKUQZZTUC36Y3/=BKKH!8:*\9&FPP
K6^O%F%C+V]U

SM=


V('/A.
MFPWS#D6^ZV#JI5!:)FB8R'@P\UM$'EZGU150\NSDU'-R`-)\O(/)JF\#]S6
M^[8Z$8PK9!NT-@A:0[@F*V9;M36HE;M[AZ*V0DL?@'8'O%%9?T^+U_OM8;[A
MW`!!3A\W7J,:=+&D1[#6!4N2\2@?'N)Y)95LR1?_F13^;E=P@.\C/;+;B?K

_TFZ`


M/0E!=E@ZQO0BK'7?FZ@81UZ/4
A?J$*0.ZYMN[/H=H#:P44LTMFKU02SEI!8
MJ/
U%C2.)D3;%?/+*RI:R`K(*&'GRF
M`MOW7V#@O[(0AZ.#AG#K@@8B!\X7QQ^/B4QY]A8V&%C$1KSB=
LB@[K(L(C`


ME6`S4?5FO!L




_XP7=#$_D61-OD7_3K.C=5ZD
M*Y+1+V`4HGO!T*7MW\V^MJ<9[7%LP3+L;]=S*8C.*?AC!P;&+W6]ZQ/4D\'


M&I



B]+TR*N

FY!U3



ME.11F?JZO;'\GF0D6M9B;2XO'J`T4-#QH7E(VX:[&%SO9[WF!&+B;2%M5Y





6J22TD_O[?A\((\

MSUY5




`$2OET9G6W+7

]RWP*6N&ST@&&

M83X(?
_[X$:QT9=RJCX\]

MC$BSCHF
+2'<=R(9QM\SD<$FZ&;-7TO(34BSZ7M[FL`R



MS%BO(Q#HE\H7^LB&U2MEA8;8;8H&-
Y!5H]X+3:2+`O5UI+?F
BA&6A/?3(*



MO=U-9LI57[
0!F:Y'Y


MT
K,I*
M52[R^8-%(U(Y7RM_






@)J0!E`;+8K=`/)O


L?J+6R1/9#4HK3J



#!)!O8%PH`@)-4BNUX^/2S['9H@_



M`7D^[UG4`57]

M3Z
Y$\9SY5;:\3

UPJU%9!*#B+29$[GFE4\
5T$.P@
&XJ'7I4WIG-*;?W&[C.^KLUOZ3@1=



M&T/[PJ2_46B[#1^$L@6Z[22`[3'IN^#93CL^0[I;`;T:3W4.@-1X*9LHGR


M



M9`S2P`N%WBMLXE;:\]#0OO.$%692Z$/$!32FE9PZ5W2*0ALVGL:KX,^0C;M
M/LW700$;D^ZRJ^#@*(@?DEK&&4
^-*/I6:`\_F=4)(=]NQ'JZTI8H`$*W
M0G.
)=
7_-`1NA5:0ZBO62K\6&@/0RD'8AB(.6KLH2M[2)9OHVH(5QU$SOE0

2]3N5?%




M
D$T\G@Q1AB5QMIL?=^+


5]M6!NZ?G=Q@\!ZG7\#

4&EK[NIL5
DVCTWV(^D_FSJ'J'R$(4N+0?HJ\D

M1!C4`KI.E-P87#9F`'PD`*92R'&@Y^F_M6'








MA78%3$&
PEPY0[U8+='/GK]4!]#FE+MM`2UR?O0$1]K<J/)1T#

MV$%`
FG'#`G!H%DOY$M9&(`T1(6
`[135PRA8I[$6UTQ'?'OW653$'VGJC!$



MIZH)2!6PA@CYA@2M])IB$?!IKP\[E_C@\'$?ND#7LE!\L[(*:L_M9Q?V*2W?
3M87=E89&CJ&'`BO)
MZG!*6\A)XA2'$&`XE;F3M%B@8Q-3N;J&N
6A-3(7S;TO/`=;R5I'CPR;C@_5
M31N!%[@=MZ5Q^`F=COWY(B=H?OVQ4?5

MZ5T
Q[U









7
M]8NDLEHW_@=GJRJOR7R=T9^P/^A&Z%&1A[Q3B!]W

I8`L4L-<4TPA\2$AC
D$59934I_X]=]IZB
M)?M;15VN

M/)9/\(0(\8=0UYC*
`KZ#'T'\8JC+\0GDJQ)^3A_\K
@61(MC]9YD:Y(IJE9



MX`!&;C#XUG


'6\V0P!4O/R8!]
M51:UP3KM!C'*'`P!@#Y`8TE7\F@]VA7FT)TJLMTES)GN?I4H@PO:/`AA\
M)]0F!\&X'.Q4_6$
51I


+
@\A'H-OUS&R?UO)%9M#Q

MP($PX




J(:Y+TLE?WU^


MR*P$
=L
NI7)KY?XKR[.P_@HDM1I%&=_1

L;(T_./X*5Z0
M9'%%#^0.\3G;G;:SB[7&=E=!I#:(%^ZEX!T';)J.D9ZV/+B*X9NG)FY;:C

8]LUDIG]ONX6[[#




MX'](F0W4:/0CNFQJB^2E5IO1?:G+XMB#W@*9#5UC3H`F*Z_O:^;.N;@K?YL?

*A-E&2Y'4+K:'

M+DDUH$@[C&64Y]%L\PW=CK9.D7DA5J'BVBA9(K'95UYDER2[2[
5^X.!DGO?


MDYWEQ\@$!





GB)=L_93]ZCP\QHE3M%O`$GFTF+^BI//)




]]E5!WBGHG734=K1CA4A
M;1

(V)[3JTN:PPZP$40Z\*2%(0RU+569S@RNCSR@;=H'=I@$
M6-\IV]&F3^%A




?&8784X1F\

IU#DFC)

M+V3B]`1K6@`R6CT0NM?:)@#%:AQ`[WU(04Y[(Z&[I3DI6';/ZP72+&T9#3`M

_+C[_YRO/H



'






-[]6NZ+A%9`$


?]
8@!@``*%T
M`0`5`!P`;6EC9BTR
#$R

`CTQ1`(]
475XP`!
M!4.```$.0$``.U=2W/C.)*^;\3^!Z[G
#T'VWJ5'QU5.U%^5&U%N%INVSTS
MMPJ:@B1

$)#+XK8@_SI.FAV37QT/1\?CX<E;
M,#O?6!9'Y'O@@<PMZ@`OX;;-?AT%




MG4I1SHWU.EYQG[&65?VB0C:UA;L!SZ'2[I#2U?[\-P]S!$_VFYH.
^2UA;G%





8EHK)J:R8FE=
MW\E(Z))T(1]E;2









VH_M&CH
V8%:I66+6502ZJ+-
-=F!6H5(=C/6DR:_


T<NA

^!TXXG=^^



TXW



-/


M=V``$L`3O6ON










MV[#U2K`&Q\UH
/Y`)^`Y3@`7XXQ4KXSTF01[(%0MOI_!$N/#B'#DD'BD[+


K341J2XS
6]&GM29D:U?



U.M=)@V0%+%DFQRV*L97)O-D.BM-Z[8QM3;E%JBV-#
8-C(*D4B
M






M


MI$@'*.^'U!E(5)6N[+BH

MN-@J_UI&NE6F*



$E-6^BXO-:5J:W#O-I66V.@[A5WFC32EM]&ZC.]$%S3D
M0%41]3R-B?=X022F`IH92?





M%H=D$3R
89MO9+=9Y1P.20;*(&Y
X/QT!P[
MV!6L*J\S4DJABWX5PD0L&$.W!VSP0U*A)0STTB]KJY)1H;RJC0L&TLE+4KU9
M&J



(+D(;#IP/L_^N8F*:]59X5A6!VXR+&`CTV/X1?PF3!&_

MQ718+8`G\I#3.9/(E&)FV=[





%=ZGF

MWBVD/I'L^'XA7^GGZ1
6\6\@G
/;]'/K]48JJ%?N8AJHR=:(EADK
M`DGRF<Y)&8;@T7=Y#T_E6NFGQBIEL.H3@22;&]&3#A]M%P0/X`5X&\OJIAK


2#`-72^8__HFC=\Z\=3SWOSG__W?_^L__N7M



M_;R^!\'KAZ/C]0

KUWB%K9




#+YM00/4O;]]._EY2\.22S+S`8TPY^?=;:IQ,;A*RC=)N!WSMRRT7N+C





N6!2\SD3'YG(F


7CX7!(IU-Z(0ZCSX7JY$.^/PH
WON(N$0!8LZX8TJW0_-.*MIX



A:1?$8T(IYML@`8EH60#.:'0G
+AOJ)*

MO'EPD481::[R1^?J%G.-O-K$!'']_XB(@'5;`DXZ46!B1DT)+X+KEX9Q5:
M7S#E=3=C^6











M+#NE1,%7C/I4B(!L.=Q'2:+M




'\BT9+S

0
MX4*UR








M7LV[[4MW-%ZR3;AUXJ51]X`RJN
VSM9_Z7+I1.N[V:
W#RCS3IE;



M?#6=(IULD@DE1;3A

MRII2(
U:6T-\9*A-JUIRY2+..U'M'@'16#CK:4=U@OI6\-!NR4&?4&DY:;
MLH5&A[

JRI
MR4TP]5

MV2^#9K^`9$0?-W'$LB5:MK1AVA[M`L.T`T4SG'PC(P!@:V$8+^(P30K#V(

0S6D=5.M;&BSPR9#
MVF3(42=#(A/-UGBRR9])D,:5%*C%6U)7IHFV-$R9`GC9




Z@+#%RPMDFE;L!0^



M_#]H:H!JRA+F_

MN7UW%]$DZ
GH89










M1Q[G_]@'Y_\XGMA
/_S\F#A)%DQXG)+`B;Q0(IT$8[5/4Q'@95X+V1\AY2




G&0:J0DR:=H;W%)L7.O`)F9)RH`4W#XR$UOFKF


5A3:KA.F]FUA5&O[MEB^-[1OT<SLS@'A?\OXMX$N;N@21^7Y@OBWX7L
MW0B6;A.1!;-[V`2&QM5L1J9L_GT8
3;[HM`'IL]/H=TY%A3+LI2OJ?F+)`N
MTZS9[]W%S4V0A'WO7OO/(=A!D?V-/Q-0$H(`Q)OT*O=DMKYQC2CZ9-U#.S5

@O


M-0B&M15S`LV5=C`5&';5LBTMD)&2A;N*:8N`;ST?)`K.W2_QL:5,HCI)






_MA
M(9.7M@H7114N4(.

P+-M'8
MP$1CVT_5M
:-1DH0F^0VNGZJRGFGEBUM!@&F#`(0%NPQ%*^:MJ-_0MW//)[\



!8
]MU'D@5/2DN-L`;S$9EG
J*K].S@GQ8:RT9*

E2/6T;M-GFIM9K?+#U&I;O\=1K*G:B0B3DPN2?[G37`6



MT_*^3#`[7Q=ME;)GK^E9Q`MO=;X6=#H[7_



M\-@NQ([P-

V

M@5O^]6:YBL*7C






Y_YV(

M!D#(I2D)HL&@T#\5`
D#VYR!\!XP&=G(Y`0:JTN-BO91V3\(HU^;-E[V67
+



TK!R(*<+6@4NY0::4)FEB
MVP[TT'8`A.\'J`57[A]BF1D%
QM?_0;:(W+M`Q[14L3MAEU3O^@C-$V.5ZY
MSL7R!0IU8I,ZH55/3_F1JIG4*&L[RD?V+L+ELQ=D]\^0PXY[W2?[\K)DYW9
AN:U-XA6
!LJLE\(NSBBJYKR?(LAYYR)B
MV1$768/!?T
I




M05PKK('$!OP:.
LP2KR_*


@#(/&IR=4L'_
M+H*Z)2;HQ76VR48/338&Q.NS

@

C[S)S]^)[WZE;!?M
MB@UY+8_*1/CDC0$ZH

M
_Y^7!2Y$#N[OO9=)HN4]8!W;TDJXCD#Q4I(-QI=1S[(X?]Q'%VYLN`FS_
M-=5.8K)&$Z_N@E(GPD43Z.ZT`PHTJTV7/6U-`^NOLDUAZUTBF@=N/G!84A[U


,AXN8[\C42U\0:BB'/7GD(E3YN#A6[9:_HR3(_$!@:U
MU'[B#T71KUC^L`%G(!C4#^0E]%^8/Z2RFU($:N;T5];W](W:G^LO=+_^*PW(
GK=]HD1FO
-K9+*DS
8-MG


M



Z?G5=OF2[/PR@*O['\:V=%?Y.L&Z`F
M7J(_`XK_W22-6'[_,G\[_M$4ID%=AK5!^9+LZIIA;LO6Q?SM=_4K9&.&!

_'`D&
HY4PDF^`)QV8X]$

M9.=5444?+](HZVWM1-&:VH=9[Z\&44C^=#`
OX0
*L?/Q?K=;)?7+NG-[
5A









?2O$P
B-U-EOZ/%.?

M8Z9

MV8`V
V1PV&TRK3G)M#9&:Q-J1Y-0^X%#[!_4B/V#*6%$I/H+;T:.F0FU0[

M4K(SP6RR;4VH=8FU%H%;Q-J34^HA53:H[ZLV81:FU!K5$*M590VH=8FU!K-



MSE8KWYLR^RG/&*0_NO66U

M:D+7;



GA=8I0_$=Q+BWCM1LGZ*G!V

M&-`;XMTLZ_FX


*Q#;`%J++5$&JX!
M'T]I3]XMA-ON



M?@:[G


M!#$E6;;C64W/YIT!`1[R*?V5BMU'X9221/81NFV1
2!O)`@)9^=/\+H,66-4^G]B'YP2@%PYMR'9!I,!O?;-!&0<H)`8TBI
M(55+3.!-P5O@TX#R]KM^HPW8CU3IV!`;%];]^\Y2],_&6\#\Y6[QV=<1X7
M3D06H4\QB:_^F;+7%$.V<_[?+(S]]_B23X;0?;8-J'W
7V./==SHO5=E(/W

M$Q


MB9)-2]MCL$=+]+

MQSE=
@`.SZ$(6IP]QUF@F!?Y5Y@$62.[#(/'))S^F8$9%_TD_R*BPG7I##QX
MW
1QJHY#.1H/_'=I$E
AY7K!7!6)RA0




8=!
M:;^M^U[O+#IFX9P[

A2$8;5/7)R+

M^DX2X4/H^]=AQ'[9]T[5?
R$W?N2RBHF^_^.MGOVB0Y
XIL@;SGX*0KCWAE3

P
F!$O25DZ
M=\!MD'K4+VF[;\79

M;'P@S'&9/=B:M[).'?^)1
M3V5X/#8FV=

LWJ

N2E-[UH[8M3,\%K_U0@=&]8LP2];R!K.\;=\8VS?&





8*@`!

M#/DD_B6Q?
MVF-B[0;7/;+2RJRKQTO^LWQTV
UQ&T

@









WOF*S8MD#;MA=<K)9<[)9=+*S*H(ZVJWO_2*D&QG$Q-V`


MN(X


WT?0#*%`4?MD;0Y
M_#:'7^

@$X782%L%\XJ








B#.9/


M2(R`:#PBGE'F%20\\B4
ILK


M#52$O1.#5-(G]+B:+&BE+=%5

)1A
M;8-I^_U??A:A9I&\/UE8EC


#@9;]!N



J7U69-;E`&]
MT&IO6@9U0&M(R0988GNWM1(S`RPNZ6VNQ/-'Q6BH/JTQ





]$4$HXLT?]5&P66STK#]UR4W0I$]5JV4TD-*=
MI3


[J;2;1-?21DL@P_2
4F


]9-



M`?!V%#EJAP[;TP)I3XA1M64S7\!:RU#+._(H[3UY-PBS&L29+WFLW\AVAK=
M(92H:8C.$-8R0R8?K64VQZS_
6DR%]\HA^3*'^4&N73;&R9=YHN=GAD


:_:8N:3/`I






O!4MIK+;@#A_
M#E](GCXD=^@_A+Y_'4;?G








L)


TK2WD^73^W.!5$LTG
MY7-:!'$O467*4EYB%?[/+#-3(BQ3#.H,&J+BTF,(82D+@[%P%:-&QIA2MNFF
MP3F%I=F3?#[:+



05'8J+F$\N
M)]]FZ=Y)L%*


M]+O_*DA1D(2($R.)&GT1]/_OO_'OCPLI+#_//C8E-




MPT%FIQG22&B]:`FMUHIJ&*!.G






PU7C?':US'

M'HE0CWB#B8`O
;['17DZH7/Y1A*@6

1B/R,(P'BT,Z96HOK4)RBJ:!8IQ

M=K
8#J(D91@8




4

?X&J

$*K+]$-9-XMOIJ+EE-X[T[
=/?'1H7K(ND?9T('$7T

6
M.T2\K/(/RUQYN.S##DEOV(



M;P?HS`+


MB`4=C
U8`Y)MII
(RF8L!5






H



8V5&7F9F8W
1YPR
M?X@)JY8.SY'O

?TX8[$X6_#E1
ML#I)P-.=)'1F1UB+S*^-9CLL:Q[8RV^1Y7WK&4N*]M,*;#;29/%=/OS4=
M7F2(*=]A=Z?B:


G&H8

M(8^3^R%XZD``8C-


M-6
+P[J^W;6%W2#Q1/T5
(PV((WWQA!:

M%



CJ!EE
@0


M'``?




Q5;
M0(V3EBXBL/


P-LYVU4KW/9

MMCO0\]C

M&!C[50HJ6VUC`)2M*H10IACAYHH

Y+P[3VW
MHFZ'J-E!_HN7A'](







XM(@21R_W27S]P/^7B6]ORZK`=#5Z3!BG]V&)&`[
MNX(VWP[R5]'$BZBX2+M$+R=:[I?^ZT..
;I/B0K_&2I*&XCSJ@&/F&P%SDL/
M9X+BX*

MNB



M8KS




MRC?I


M:+7$.$UV%V3!V\.4?1P+(3
J08H^E

[
3SA5H.ODPKJ.-
*
M3/.$TT@=^AI(9;B6+$,#N4*G#`UP`8
%?K@RG+-R$DP*PD98:X+L=$
Q@H

'23D2+/O(((T^[3CWYN&!D_RZY'_0:K


N'/_(U)+WV9



.?A

%UV&W%T+<WC60K(VHQ;?YYC#),Y<^IC@]$'BT!2KM7@
M0S0SZ


TQU)[`



C06


MTD.9I;N
#`EJ+^Z-U]DN2
IRGE*;


1)Q0^:XK%]9A




']L

M63:&]JC9':Q.!/


5+`KSAK?D&X1YXY*]HCR]V_5


M'4=T19NE1A%&VG:IYK-`)2?`[=+F%8?'&-

MPA
VUA?7U
;E@




MXVUZS02D8[&=`74#2/HD8AM$&7H+XB
+=L.:WP(EW!Z*MCV
`EO['OZW#+J/


M?V5+ZV
:Q]LT^QID(3](XQSY

2):MO_
M!#



MR:4G*:V])D2A5RVOI?N*P$_#_)HUV=GSNRQY'HELZ+HQC_]K+`/K`T[6A[)T
M#WM^D_^2146!DRXG;44)=
MO#ZJZQW='

)D$LB2


M_$]%D!6=3FGDV6J5



M0CV(ECOKEG[JO8I9ZG
E_

?O8+8S;@AE
^
%^-1;\,DJU\:FD,UY+65'Z<YJA`64ZF^A`,^MFMV^[=92TC7PJRP5


B3(D


M^S_PE)Z4W66`;

M:O4(-IOLB$

3&2I4W@$-2%0)C4&HB\$=;
;S7%_
=M_G<Q.CS

M&J_T1WW4X81@;AW2'G@8M`C\S.

M?
U6B&^3*:
:#YHJHP=PEBO3+?EDFF02U4Y9X)?F9K
6\_*L'@NT1)L$KY9I


M1/
5V^QB<'W;`O63

Y


-.]1C
M9C!4Y$

M9(C30=OBNT/2::IC(#IP1(

%Y+O;VAE32#AJ@^-0&2!6%

:Q?$5&8\VG(!L*A@%BAC)O+Z]G^0E`2HIT&HZR3M]




MZ/[4%6!U7]H7V=0VX8*HE?`B1J%#-6Q6


MA?RFNU$


Z\5.RR)%RF'.\^7Z7OOT0XH@K)OG'N3Z2


6S+4$6J.@K,JA:W+LAJEG%J7V]*U
M=P_E*ARK


/


9]=J


@N._+3F[(FWFG0^(FD^






M28

(V&X0J(%A;T#2
M;Q?E44YK$10HY?YC7MGI;9KA:)?P?3A9Y;
@R8
-2YA8)B'[S[+'I%V@.8`?
MT
HY=`*JU70LY).OL`
0J^\OJ#+79/




M/FSU@H^$P9T/A*PH``S1#D1EC^;A(&9I(Y+A]27==

\;5K?5#X?'+9]G<8<








?%UIIN9+.!WTW`%)KO@62

VB790$
8KRG.A86%+1\S_RW3VZ1'$:S/MVK@^D
MEMW(&`6=!UULY'=#=AUM5!3`W6WT(%J=;KJEGWJ)
$NM3Z=M/



MU2PIX[`&KILUPK2TRFJ-.!]3+WTCS4-[`Y3A(&9[`UK-F5;
9W2\8G[Y2A]_

V+N+Z
M[&115K(7E=9K]BCACW9I;'2E()GN/!/^-%O85JOFJO;U][P4@
7H?!`IJB
M)H


MUWB1X9B5B]I6!5=YTR;ZEJ8*:P*458'-PUL@!)UNT!)N;9GO7Q\T'ZI,NX9
MI$Y3,)%VT4WK+:1V..9SV*

MC?:DWMI*2UXEM:BQ=5?`[N;3[K)I8WGY^UF-4!@R7JJ82H+T@(#./:LH[^\
M8_]A)@$^IC3`H!9B,W[NNPQ[F4S5[Q_3.[?
-

*CI^-#9C2^TX0Z<$.
3YB$S
9^A]Y^!H0X`_BWR0

M;%&05YT[=
^3@=\6/]&C)QP:


NE=`%4Y]39$(-GU
M]H(I=8B34O^72P3SYM6/!D$F1D]3X^G



=[WNEV5W;

;I$+$2


E'N$26\#:F

S


MRS[URF646;]DM31GUI6KI]#U\
J$`?M5J&^#5PF[BP\U2M])!=2WP@Y

8A=




MDY@UH.6A8A+::M6C-0Y*+S0-Q6B0]J)-:$MHD8%JH&(CX3;.HB[/!+3O9X
A+DEGM*D,AY@6G4PSLT6U
MQP'9DT[@RIJZ))W<EA02MO2@'@-@36X`MG32$+.^31]D]$;\6O



M9WY%WA..($0?!.EWM(22H$97!D1SQGPGGG^;LH`TPR):Q;0KQ7I+BX^7O]&E
M^+FQ@(H2W6'6X6-_?/W5TJZ7GR

$K#1HM**'
M2&M0=6#IC&;Z4-



^FK%`/;Q-@E?=
MO&TDGDQ-=*V5H3RU^`/?(4@GY/\@#?1-L*A\8VO83R04G0!J!3#5O+IE

@

9;:EQ%_GG/
(PU=56'5SX44-;L9!VZ(^1
/=Y\NKE_1@]WRWG/





MO!HR:RC@+-V;.#B:'-7\K_]6*=9Z^!:+OR_)460WL+8NK'N81=L;0E+525

351035=L&2MTRV`7#U);3*7N[X6Y9BZ+<@+)^P7/75NLO=4GAITVH`\='


M!
58%-/!*$H*\ON(ML8
\AS36+JH&

MI%_RXP#%Y%+;4W1/1'[^BN





!7IE49IUQKTJH'@SX#.1)9MH#T*2NUU
MDAA?S-S
O+)




M@UI34J`(OHG[&O3AA=-^!W2\

MX**4D@8

1:JJ

MGC^PT4@



M\^Z&IL'P;O=#55T&'JRZK72VQ
U/ZR@G9NC&Z:Y+*\3BP];IM[UN4^RJV3
B/OCFLB5+7/`'$P,%KJSJ_(#3^N2:Z]PP8F`9<5*@CT*

M
KCRU;9W:5Y?A5DV6F;9E^#+-371W'@X(FQ=8/4FIH]NKDB53M4K3)-N$I
GR23


?N:0;

M9T&3521Y$T]\PU!@MMN!!0KJ!QX5]W


MG+WA_!J'QPV+8:Q/`73DONS^S?#TNWX[7//O]K5X6FW#!`7:IAFZ3H\OQ?88


_W'


WREH)\(
Q3Y?&DP/S*W+
#+VHDQPI*=61XDEN]


K:%[9\BK
M
BLI?\3Y
::IY[?$A
H2-P]LCLGHAS2/3''T6




MQC5C']S2R!-C\%'2G)TYJ3LQ8_7GRH0;]M
[_8S-Y[+.#D-UN[J;;YOX&!)D

2W_//HBG^;X

M^DJ9E0F%[T\/.#:7`WCF49;L8

M9@M'&)4KCJGMR$+^5E'%^K?UPK8A]+.:S4#!J\6(T;-52VQ2&R\0;H])F%/3

1O)PH-[E4TH^XSTSW7\;HE?I]T`W
MM^

MQOP]_B\XVKT6.%R2OTBPP^)D?ZO+&!G&$D;/QY@&819CXI_:B@;B/M=K
18%


BW2/

MMO_1Y!@G^B@*YQTAO.;Y:YF\7=335GK8S





C





FHWE
VS0K?T3'Z7*4
MYQ;B-^;NC%,]N0^TFN-WZQAU<]OJ8T\8T_-N_IKW-^(0;<'/Y47HOD778(D

GH



3EG%+(^EZN\6N8
M*SF%.T@15116T)=Q#E)7SYYC:CHUY=EUPONXWBT@.KN.PPBTL/[.+2[L]X


M[%8)L9


-R5U#:Q[PL72-5K0TI]OJ1YSC[`WGSR=CFW!;8FC=M('6


A6\V=@BT(01JIV8-J6J:YHQEZOV7%896!S!!Q$[\!9D4




M!&=]DX2`6
G7)T;9+XK4@^L

JX_*]8'Z;9FNR#0AHELT=



1:!\R
MYE29*LZ




BBY`-82%V<9SR1HRF

M]J8C@CUO
T




M*S)S/ON!&%I2T`H3FPR'48%HSNO

MKO:'+'WC73V




!
*8)D,EX0VQQ@.-0_^,X_#R=!4<(GHGP]XR
M7)YXG77:M,_<F(

[S7V8&Z
1!L.O@'DQF5E5VTE,,;2L'[.H+J]A*SZE9%IO67%



03AV;NR)K
MA^N
'I4








$RPS\#R^<T_P-E


3BL/LU4Y8TT<TZRV;V;8L]KUJ`K9O*2S
HM-QDN4#T=





M2MJ



MJ6*`Z:UJ&L_X;9#BQ[/C



9\V]




MCFM


07Q/V
*KLF@`G8$!II;R1
M1/EF/,P^$*IY7=:TN$ON29@_6:0^`!J?`%5GVB2\(_`^+UY9JBA$50-$!8S


M*8^

ST]=L[Z**E\2_UH@.G._UB`,B=$&*[)%@+XP*




M)S]M7G%XC






Q:H9[I)\*HANHW$4UN03M+V=5=2

:$DP57(:
MRR^_^496P83\[V[WB/]Y+*OJW![C;13'.+P\7:5E1?0W3

M^0)T4MIHDZ1.2!O




M;ME\RL9TGY4GVE
UG



M!NIKSIMO45Z(5ACTEJ
Z$^V\1QW*'CK%8ISI



M$G$_^L8O)WW(2QL5?=
;*/SEC30/EQA5_*E+X%^H7:\QYQP:A3N45:1%XP




QL(B]^I)OU6^^X6P3Y?B!IL],O]R8O_[N%R&;R9U@:7*9U7?F
MOSMFU.CE!T2QU*XI.;)8K\EMS_I-+WOU<)Q:B9;0ZII+@5!0A+$1'F_B\M'

EN^[%_4L&;T9(\'SU3&9#^:8

'W,B'9PB1G*G/VR14$/B_2
M-H01D'OK#;GR4H.Q3NYL^F`TGP6*@?

6_3;(LC


[CC&W]^[;SB;VRW-GR:1MVR*9VJS_NV

_78X;.;98/I2G^
M.1N


M`QFF:?#VQV)^O-WYJ.=%\0:)_(9ZYH(^S81RSS
@'6&GPYVSY)5!#[=OE$U;


M?F&(:.:SGVM\R/`FXEXF9?[-NB?ZF(L*&NQ`$
PT'ZJ6W!+'7K3$`:

=0(7-ZA+B
M.VA@K



M-1SM=$%







M

_TX




M]^^)(:HPT(/X
=LO/6)VK/409



KM:Y*/0O$
MX`7:\.$S/[0;@$(04\NJ
H44674+=*6&!FAD+*')T:Z:-)Z8D@J(UGI

O59T[T$L#NM


J'EH^XB#*6&D]/_W,U)(0XN;+!5)]
MV9#!7


*GN[^

B3

*TPIX3O=']*$%Z]?)04F
U24*0$N

I
M
1XZF*'@R:!C'&128@3K62

%C.K9HX/\4R\X'7*WZZD0.X@.
68[

)WL\GXJB)\*$N&\G.YP




R+C*S)93.^RS0)
ME14/NB@`+NCM0%1W\^;A(-?R-B*UF_4P(I[






4Z?ECX=M


8`93$V/P0*W
M3Y/S(MJSPLF8
4=ITGH2U:7A

MD9+I.)338=(`E=:

M-*01;UA1(C(Y['D5(JJQG]=-N




!
(40E4(HSC

MQ2'*R0^)(M/

M'N?2
XSE@F/\*UP=!R
MZDRM4)1L

MMA6KI3#E-2
[%:&-H])L[O/28?)30NG^1=#6IU+JAGGSQ-K#4-4W*M7M=G5X
M%3!JSU(JRN2LRS3+TJ^TAUEP(+\I3@Z9%7H6_B18=
$TY5G8XIL\5G?#I:U\

AL@TK)DAP@3.\I^-F@_
\S8S%5ENC8
Q'(ZRPD`XI



MNJ@^=.^-#%(?M4?T#AH)WNY%Q&]_QN$.?R2RT!O/1[R)@SR/MA$.G].;($M(
MF$V;+VH4TY4)4
_7EK+H:#
$Y]T.&
K7VM)

?-M
M_6!`]8ZL441]D)%
E\:`*@X


M:;';97A'JP*5M_@1WP#$A!$W@IPFCGIT1'#724K)5G(':[KC(M)3F.E[?:
M[5=*C5MNR
8IC^B_;S'.RQJ
RL8D/9@`!%J]H59AF#
'DMIY0&PZJ3$=($

R'$G
A8PXD

M7H

TS*-(;U



[V%.$UMS)XT

5$F:CU4[69N=KM'3


;U+ZT/!S


Q8B#)*D0;4X
MZ/*$ZKXWM42H(1(2
DGUK=`Z04PL)
D%W[S*FS\`K6M6_0'.%!0%]1^`K'*X
M^@

XPM=[=V7,`WOY@%7O@



M-L&(@E@J^='QR

0F\MC





%


$R/LTC(J3Z&9J[
R@


&1N&M@`BU=T(PM?)W26YG`IP+C`VX(BAE

(!JA^@*L6Z3
MV!?;U$;DA$G3]BJ(R08I/V8!F4%VB!&1G5'.ZS;/UUM@
)J:F+?2H+L?]@^)

8/@2V


MLZIXEXC5[]EZXD7(PPRD.^(IAX$'/`UQ%?&.4LX9PQTAW_E?_N
Q(!%]@6=6


M)3LO#

J
1K:\-@9Q6V41`6^(XXAY/F5

M7H+SN&!


V]O3T6QPR+YW_Y#4LB
^@



M--4'O'





M9$N=#6.

8@C

13^UTQB&NA6GT)\OZ#G;/LBB^$1=1';$H2CT`);9
@*V1K[+
MLBP]3__=SB037)F7%'S!RZ




M^







M\:H;@'K\0AS(HT:5;A_

M@52\2UA9N1L+G$\-T9;LB$BCU?KAOC0V:XJO;UZFEGMJQ3;(J^_3%8BQP.W&

3


M\#.D^&@)D;Z;EFHO?%EQ#^-/E#VWRU0_7U4D#O70E_1&4HA_&7^ZP#.I4$




H
M4XA-`V&
2^R;_M45FH9.DI3%TX`7+066W.I/FTY+/C3U61(M!W#)DFCG

@H(5$!GU0=N

MFO2LNM=V9@&0_M$39I4#XD@/D@C22\;VT0

@ZOF


$*




-PD*RE7A4MJHAIIFV`/I3TWZ$O
M@L7


MZ=@J6::;J)DX+9+M'M


MY=
\C.ZL!GDGO]U1?__CM\.Q5\#GE

8#F%$@ZFWL/;B6.7'.=\;[
M

#$R
3(R.5]P

`CTQ1`(]
475XP`!!4.```$.0$``.V]67/C.+8G_OZ/



MS^Y@M

&K8+/QXG1@!)^K`.$'KI#6


M)\-:]\Z3N4&-@AU`O6
M5JQ&$&F%RK%4`<



MJ\RPBH&+L#Y;)UP48Z-_-@!0#UW*6[S9IJ$LOR[6GE]B9QD&&RD&YK
(!*D)


M$EJ9+UE1H@JA?C9

]
0



+?<.=E8P#]I)^D.0FLB@$KA
-I@OSF?J1'V98+XBLQJ[)]TM]F&


M?9[6SAB)



@


+3]A=_1/NBTI'EH+TSU
MX2*I^4[)L?X`XMD2G0#Y42$BH]@'JCX8
+3+IB*$-7DK;.S:AQ-!&GL[\U1?

=

M



=X#)P*S%]];987IV$B0&L-@@'2GTYZ;


M42;9



MADY!X`[]DVN(51KJJ:!8
V9=/RB6


+


MFC=RSX[GH!_%




M[S=75








?R.IX.=EKRPY\0OSMG.&]7I
-J)MD<TW3`^
8!
;4;(M

T`48_JH`1#5)BKDW07<]4%*B4V3'/2@(B3!I2D/18ED9#LP7:


525VN-.\1E!XQ)-XL\N=):#:&?.MQ+U


MTTS=T.K.Q4%XZ(?7.@:$KHI2(9DR_=US04YRC1=S$&(N
M.BO:!8!X=V6.
0


M3_+0Y9=TA]$S^FH_^J@ZTJD`J4KS

QF

MNI/!+I:L`&5T&2IYI:_/D?A8AXFBM%

M1UG[]SS?7?'^ABJ[%I0.XFY%RPS8.
WB
-YD7^J=Y$TBT$EM]C])4.[S_?$)



M)G+]]4V
UH(86R_[FES(\JR7CV-M4

0X?
M7(J.YKRIM0E`S:?8T090Z6QE@Q%0LK7$;T1RJ**`G][;N'5
)V4(/X]^O`@P


:9/L

LRW4Z_CR(TJLRKA^R2%=5`FV%6V)^5R9Y]CQ#7D01X%93
MKS?2YD6A#9IK-\5\LJS



M$&ZNP4O

K;W%S7H/_;/HN07!'Q'+SVMH\)
MK:BQQYPTL&)KTU&6\#!PK(JM*F3V'R\AR$:X]USZ
`(01I[
5[NJK\P:N;)
M#&8'VX;$C5.S%:=++.@'JFARFU:'J,TZ1F0/N\J+=!B&9

BI



+;$X:K14[!GY6&2G7HKDV4M0HJEN9:_A$$4S<-@Z5&/
M[OL6)LN81X8]]Y%/P$=CKKX`$+'OX#NA8N

M%![M
O/($7M;@&F'JXR+]VBA4-!!:&DR%$3)T2]JIB^[/09(0#%;)1RT
EG@
M(J04PK9MI[\-0NM8/98LZCZLWYQ/(BQ_PV&P/$9-3MEAE#U3-D%;)D%0AI



MA

17*XD7
MK;-L;-@+G';'S.]G)0$*F.CQ:$P(Q!W(

/&V
0MZE!W)H&ZATW.EI+
M)J@

03X@+%U4]H:NDM3J&'I`.55LK.)?H/1


G[
MU@]^\

M!-3RQ%3_0]$!M$-23\@@W)!WXTEG)4:
-^F_:-


M8@RD'?1Z

MA)
4![0SH?IR+PD6`+AIQ



)XZ'0FUEK'8)C+I^#L



!V.=MHSV;Y60#?/Z1Y




)'Z)9O/G`6UU6TYR)*5'

24PPNCG4X2H6^QA(EKE^F0$NT@


M.^?TIH.##.^9\VVCB`O!4T:'MTQ%+C
4[=[P0^+O[=PNNOL@B%%AJ4)^2+!5
MBMTN
U2CW=J[1*I<ZB]FCZ7*6U
Y7
M8L
E

_.3Y)Q^OYP




@/81V(Y%E07K18AJ=Y&&Q!&.^P7T.
6(JW


4X#T@=GT2'M!)=W5A28
^V

_X$X


*







69\;JI;`@
MDS2R&P%T+


/DF\

M#2T2SY^MR]+YMM=


&`CT`?Y3M`EY52X$6`3DM3@NQ?BS


:ZS)_M_[U5E5=!HM^?F^*OS1Q!B']%HMKP&+T4!VGCW
MA+F9;7!TQW/AWIK?)5!]T(4)U#BX4X`&IF^Z1'^5CI22):4L@$.[%?!9A.X
M:`9


3L?#Z:!HQQL5FO`UB!`=
M&5O(AU-:0\UM



[=F[QD1V8R*[
9&=@8GLQA!&NT
8E2N:
M
9[1UGC&T85BS(%)\*$H5PD.[RP?+$'
2%TFTUES43=PW71GXM-HZ5;`84&J

_SZ``P0I;%;JH

MTP)`!\V&8991VIIJA%'(T5E8^42_P6@+%HABX#)-+$9[E2N2B;F:A.CSUUA*
M2*FX8`&B*`B9MA*AG5*I\


M)FX(3((T?D6AS)NJUSGM52UF`?1Q)*6KCHUB!$?'9_BP$]IH)@:R!SMAWO:H


Z!S.Y53A72KA!2XW


MZ1!:7`4.JE';E%P#3)4NW%\[O(C+NHF3;E2S7/V.@YWQ9E_-S;Z.B9!I`
8W




M)XPI7A1PGIDZ#[/L



6`


M96\WU!?IPX;:O#VU@WO]$5J(N-









/L9(14EN




`MR9_`1+)(P1+RZ=(O^@:#EPB$KYCP.[A-
M8O1S@-:2[^6LVI-
C;`;[E.JP



MIM;P%.6
SH7'ZU=*Y;(CXH#24DO!$^_1F&18F@-K'@9;$




_'MO20O0Z3:D$B94

5N3J*XC7`0+0


BJ@)@NC-`N'34%
']#&M[?W7MHN5766?35B1/\H7F:
M7)D$$

M)6W3DAS#7+RT)-@41;$/;D;VQQH_S]W!AO\W25$(=C17\#)4:N?E2JMYMERB

M66@\G*$ONH
XP`RX5\[6BQT?'_4I@.%W


M.AWX&$G


$FIS_K:^=:06P=S9
2Y7JDV^GYDFRL/9V_JD

ZGM+5$OL;!-28WQ_9QH4I



&5&\1F
MC`F0WYN'#/L)1?&%[3OA2T[2FCR;KRP;7=A^[0.PKAX1Q[J25U





M)T`C5WNZO-EN-23&BI5D3Q\U6*,)
W1BA
)WIR4Z6ASU1$T25B@&]J%6_L


M[@'?7[



M9JN[I#@;&#YCH@


MT7B.*!OM3!%E8^*6/DF5C^67283
BRAZ`JLT@H+P'H73#'':ZV8R-1ZB!&A@






M]'O+LJVQ/`4R9]*;&RM?8M;



8?TB=0.(_F7\YD9I3#H9



M\HXT%AK=-A5P\Z\DC4&-UX&[+[7UE&PV3H@+
)6!4G=P&82;/(&?\X(9[0%:








M:BFE\BK8;!W(3@5*;*F*_22
U#01:;*:Z2(90[IQB.






^/3VE@=8
MWY-2534'@?O#\WW$S#LD6[CR7GR0
:GX26Y3$QG/+DC)4J]?P6)%`#O\[[Z`

[QBC6(L?!LW=2TH98HT_@/A*[@JIVL,N:#3IZRV7
MJZXG?]H=F20F&`/8!$&N=V=)0U1'.DMF21
ZGUL1$:=0BO]JVFW7+PLL0+]



FJ
M7S%D@)0WMA$A.6G[UZMCR%X/M\LS@MOEF9C;Y=GIN5V.:;+'--ECFFR-
IV.


?%1*\N:$


(\ZLLYR$D/@3X
M(0ZS!)WI\H=EUH-JQS%/&(T,KO26UM%``!:[AX!G9P_;MM!73ABD4GSJS27;
M0-BF*_?_2.)8OSBU64K;PYUP@!L
J-[_(=)*,QNO,5X8DABLRWD+1]
Z=







]V&`N4.O2(P39

7WC7Y`*?G8]

:JY25(/RJ\J*18928F
XW].9:+LBUM@2,N1&VWL
MP%O!*VP'A.Q7;G)3O61#?_8FSUY0
J89R73]0GLME^IIF.H4HDG0`%7R((Z#




IG64W

VD:A(.I%GJI16`X_O



M

MZMY/EMY**_5^&AW36(YI2A\



L(I#T)





MZT'VU.;()X
X`NT%Y.R

M2%8!^;!T\].+


CV-O@XEGCQQ<OQ]UTS`1


J



5(



MD



8U\@P?+6U

MT=^:[3;B0AGTDK?QG?'XT8EUO:7U

MUR%8-SI@ZF7ACF!NS;B^?

M^UE

221\DG5
;L663(NK$YL\J
M!




M4\EP/B9Q-?TRM(
N:6J2^U99G+M_[


3$?]

M.'#)+

`\)7I-;)+'@(X&N6O@ROF^@Y

M&*9
8@0VCT.6QB@6'M*S95$T/4(

L3+A
M&
&-E](HNP7MPJ


H]*S^*$X-R6


(@^*'HJ_2(F
?7

)5$<;`!(8[6`


.E3?*2YG;J\J/&;0Y5`@DV[9H+-
MYD8-03OX79G@1/!7J`^YZ%#QE:K`AF
@_`:&<*[*P<[
M+?&D)=A13Y$)3GZ85^%^Y!:$R/Q!D

ETGQOXT&'Y[[+Z:&II#BS'N8I4\E;

U%G-D6;T7IW]Y']P'$2T9767U



M_YW^)T60S![FGP&8Y-ESMUB$!#P'%XM_)5Z(;[H1H^(T[V.





#`#/1KN\O@:G?KT5(E5M`0']5*HZ_U,DI[<N4S53*4^R$


![!K;\N

M@QY6C['WG)BV,X,DF,8`($F\@\B63HM;08*D6E\B[&^=VLV#'X9&KL&/'5
M@4Y6-.$6@(L-/L_
'8]ZQ4UKK:'EQ[ZUIA&BW0JFYE@F8[;02`(5V*6'T%#(
M1/.^'77:A890))^5.





M5=Q!K4

24[(EOWQV:H;BQTDR)





M-L`R'EAZY=2':AM?_A*!SMQ?*4\&*CVFE'W$;3'I4Y7$0J?H,9K
[UY1U\
M1=

\'NRR=/1]N'2_$Z5.*;1FZ]Y[SXOGI@])7X.!-QIW!
M1[!`ZPMM)I=.Y




+9Z`:@

M]UK5P\1/O
C$6NZMK#1+0(33!V8\I
W['*Q.GG]Y_//RF^V6D!D)946NI`


MG$6S90SYARVJ*V57)(6TV`6!*LUTFX[Y[_=AO)IT2DAL^98F$]+0!TT&P8



2/MB/WE%


`2.[_T;T(QVF2$

M]3
4*.WH*E
=F*]/]EOB+6(?3N_@P01Q8?^\VJAF^]6#*8@+S8N
Z_HH-\BF
MBG=?0;P.7)Q$*8K35UOFX^=19F`H2%5SJ+S5
M\NRAF4&PN7Z'1(OP:AM#8:





M(N4@^F?9/4T\L!]@4HZ@`/ELFCB'.M'.:I

:+*/4!.QN1L


64O&K5CUI(QVX7N-T816/RVE[?N
#+!(G^

M[M8GJ;.*2JG$K\D.W+&5%*FE*O:3


MU$=?4[R542=
(LL91K&






$%`````@`@&AV0C+[`\H4$@``Z]@``!$`'`!M:6-F
M+3(P
3(Q




/+CW0KR5

D\/QL$3T0@





M:(LMK(3P/PLK$/^Q=RCSL#@?W&]*_Z:N-QP+D*;J;`(W0NZ0I(C31J[MNS48
M=YKE\X5W(YR:@^]GY/I*YR%U_JE:YQ8ZOJ%M
Q_J-(!/0U
(WT5_(.&#+LKQ



@_
0]XI
Q6[='PS.#_TZ+$$-
MHKLRK%TA5E3*SM

;#2M7ZW7KCLBW&C]@C7`4C
M#RZB8:



YRDDM(/X16K`
MV,?`#!2E:_\B5?O:L/8B9Z.*6<KU_X@5?O:8.DB%<#NU[X)7$O7?JKRM75?

6
MY@9`-A`W`''TMPK&
4\AR)?'@1Q=&91KO$E9]`YE

!4?\NDZ/42
M#3#EWRLQP-0YJZ'XD`8=.!5.9S#P5#_[I.C0$QTTI4\[


M@]*K

M*I'!KTZFH3#%H

H5(LM




OPHETK*+K@ZJJ1#Q559!R1+8/ENR





M!5^5@V&!Q%RQ^Z*[1&A3NA%D
`5;Z
M0$P\7TKX0<[J(D()%`L<5VYW!Z)IY!E$.8,U-B'9^'D[P\`[]RD#5=+*:+
M*2=+0I$[%L+',K$H.Y,IG3ZG&&^#MXYRMRG2@9]+D-:/80WQ;VN@B(X-G


`L8T^@M`8!&L/03K
M0F


M8.`P4!U/V/


^(HB5(0^XC7OLR

VX1_ZK

MV.B.VB



#4N$I'TKM`*G(U()-(3N-
MY6#.*%;G/(PISEAG`X[0IVQ%5A;8'+&$?:Z;0*%IUKN%]\.49+(!Q?%B_S


U4KNF&[\
MS!1?`?%I9P-WBP5

MF!2]?!8GZYY.LY%J3

M$[8DLGN`.H108$)L.6`XAU%0ZO&IXQXY*8_:;QB/;:



G^4FV0JYCCMB+]+


3(Q
M
C(Y+GAM;%54!0`#`(]

M=D+
?]

4``````

#$R
3(R

`CTQ1=7@+``$$)0X```0Y`0``4$L!`AX#%`````@`
M@&AV0FO#C`['F0``@%


`;6EC9BTR
#$R
M

 'defref_micf_IncreaseDecreaseInAociCashFlowHedgesNetOfTaxRollforward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossDerivativesQualifyingAsHedgesNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossCumulativeChangesInNetGainLossFromCashFlowHedgesEffectNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossCumulativeChangesInNetGainLossFromCashFlowHedgesEffectNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_micf_IncreaseDecreaseInAociForeignCurrencyNetOfTaxRollforward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_micf_IncreaseDecreaseInAociNetOfTaxRollforward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossDerivativesQualifyingAsHedgesNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReconciliationOfUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsExcludingAmountsPertainingToExaminedTaxReturnsRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncreasesResultingFromPriorPeriodTaxPositions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDecreasesResultingFromPriorPeriodTaxPositions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncreasesResultingFromCurrentPeriodTaxPositions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDecreasesResultingFromSettlementsWithTaxingAuthorities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsReductionsResultingFromLapseOfApplicableStatuteOfLimitations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementOfCashFlowsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireBusinessesNetOfCashAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_micf_DecreaseIncreaseInInvestmentsEquityInAffiliatesAndOtherAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfFinancingCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfDividends'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromContributionsFromParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_micf_DividendFromAndInvestmentInConsolidatedSubsidiaries'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectOfExchangeRateOnCashAndCashEquivalents'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_micf_StockBasedCompensationTextualAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedPeriodForRecognition1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfDividendsCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedInPeriodFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_micf_StockBasedCompensationTextualAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_micf_StockBasedCompensationTextualAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_micf_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAnnualVestingPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_micf_StockBasedCompensationTextualAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_micf_StockBasedCompensationTextualAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpenseDebtAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpenseLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfFinancingCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfDebtDiscountPremium'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsMeasuredOnRecurringBasisGainLossIncludedInOtherIncome'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestCostsCapitalized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentIncomeInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_micf_ConcentrationsInSalesAndAccountsReceivableForMajorCustomersWithRevenuesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EntityWideRevenueMajorCustomerPercentage'

M;VL-D-O;G1E;G0M5'EP93H@;75L=&EP87)T+W)E;&%T960[(&)O=6YD87)Y
M/2(M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\S.#`X835E8E\S861D7S1B,CE?.3@P-5\W-V4W
M83DP,SDY-#,B#0H-E1H:7
@9&]C=6UE;G0@:7
@82!3:6YG;&4@1FEL92!7



CE?.3@P-5\W
M-V4W83DP
SDY-#







T0B5V]R:W-H965T
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@



T0B5V]R:W-H965T
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@


T0B5V]R:W-H


T0B5V]R





&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*
M(`@(#QX.DYA;64^16UP;&]Y965?4F5T:7)E;65N=%]0;&%N/]X.DYA;64^
5]4









O4VAE970Q-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-










&-E;%=O


&-E





&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@

C
N
M:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC96Q7



M
C4N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC

M86)L97













5]O9E]3


S


5]O9E]3:6=N:69I8V%N
M=%]!8V-O=6YT



M3F%M93Y3=6UM87)Y7V]F7U-I9VYI9FEC86YT7T%C8V]U;G0Q



M;FEF:6-A;G1?06-C;W5N=#$S/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T






O4VAE970T
2YH=&UL
&-E;%=O<FMS


M


O4VAE970T
RYH

#I.86UE/@T*


T0B5V]R:W-H


&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(`\




#I7;W)K<VAE9713;W5R8V4@2%)E9CTS1)7;W)K<VAE






T0B5V]R

M97-?


M:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC96Q7

M:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC96Q7



O4VAE
M970V

#I.86UE/D)U<VEN97-S7U-E9VUE;G1S
M7T1E=&%I;'




N
M:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC96Q7









&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(`\




&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*



M7T9I;F%N8VEA;%]$871A7T1E=&%I

&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E



M($A2968]

M95-H965T/C`\+W@Z06-T:79E4VAE970^#0H@(#QX.E!R;W1E8W13=')U8W1U

M:V)O;VL^#0H\+WAM;#X\(5ME;F1I9ETM+3X-CPO:&5A9#X-B`@/&)O9'D^


M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\S.#`X835E8E\S861D7S1B,CE?.3@P
M-5\W-V4W83DP,SDY-#,-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
M
S@P.&$U96)?
V%D9%\T8C(Y7SDX
#5?-S=E-V$Y
#

M='
O4VAE970P
2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\3454


T1T97AT+VIA=F%S

@0V]M

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R


M(&-O;'-P86X]


]
T1T:#Y$96

C(L
M(#(P
3




]


]
T1T97AT/DU)0TA!14P@1D]/1%





]

]
T1P



T1T;W`^1&]C=6UE;G0@4&5R:6]D($5N9!$871E
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#Y$96,@,CDL#0H)3(P
M




]


]

]
T1T97AT/C(P


]
T1T97AT









T1T;W`^16YT:71Y


]




]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@

]
T1N=6UP/B0@



T1T;W`^16YT





X
#AA-65B7S-A9&1?-&(R.5\Y.#`U







]




]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q



]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@-C@L
3$X/'-P



]




34S+#$W
3QS





]
M




T1T;W`^

]
M
T1N=6UP/C






]




T1T;W`^


]




]


34Y+#$Y-3QS






]
T1N=6UP



]






]
M

]
T1P

]
T1N=6UP/CDL


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^5&]T86P@07-S971S/]T9#X-



@


]

]
M



M8W)U960@;&EA8FEL:71I97


]

]
T1P



]


]



M:6=N/3-$=&]P/D]T:&5R/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M



2PT-S





T1T;W`^



\



]







]

]



T1T;W`^0V]M;6]N('-T;V-K+`D
M,XP
2!P87(@=F%L=64L(#4L

@;V8@1&5C96UB
M97(@
CDL(#(P
3(@86YD($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$Q/]T9#X-B`@(`@



]
T1N=6UP/C


]





M9VX]
T1T;W`^5&]T86P@3&EA8FEL:71I97
@86YD(%-H87)E:&]L9&5R)W
@


M+#


S@P.&$U96)?
V%D
M9%\T8C(Y7SDX
#5?-S=E-V$Y
#

O4VAE970P
RYH


M87-C
M:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV






T0Q(')O=W-P86X]



M9VX]

@








]
T1N=6UP/C$P



T1T;W`^0V]M;6]N


]
T1N=6UP/C$P


S@P.&$U96)?
V%D9%\T8C(Y7SDX
#5?-S=E-V$Y
M
#
Y.30S#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S
X
#AA-65B


M



^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@*B\\




M/D-O;G-O;&ED871E9!3=&%T96UE;G1S(&]F($]P97)A=&EO;G,@86YD($-O
M;7!R96AE;G-I=F4@26YC;VUE(A

]

M



]
T1T:#Y$96

C8L(#(P
M
3`\8G(^4')E9&5C97-S;W(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@






T1T

M;7`^-S(V+#@S

]


]
T1R974^

]
T1N=6UP/C$S
2PT-S0\

M

M1&YU;7`^



]

]
T1N=6UP/C$P
BPR.#




#QS





S0L

3$V+#$V



T1T;W`^26YT97)E







]

]
T1N=6UP/C
Y



]
T1R93X-B`@(`@




]
T1N=6UP/C






]
M




]



]
T1R974^#0H@(`@(`@

]
T1N=6UP/C
P+#`Y

]
M
T1N=6T^*#
T+#(X




]

M+#`Y


]


]
T1N=6T^



M/3-$;G5M/B@U
3



]
M

]
T1N=6T^*#(L
M


]



]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@
3
L
C



M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\S.#`X835E8E\S861D7S1B
CE?.3@P-5\W-V4W83DP
M
SDY-#





]
T1T


]

M8G(^4F5T86EN960@16%R;FEN9W
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L

]




M;FEN9R!86QA;F-E(&%T($IA;BX@,#(L(#(P,3`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\

]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
S(V+#@Y-RPP


]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@
38S+#4X
2PP


CDU+#`P


]


]

]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C

BPP



M-C(L








#QS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1N
M=6T^*#
T+#(X
RPP

S0L
C@S+#`P



]








34P+#`P


]


]
T1N=6UP/C$U

]







M(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@W-S8L


]


]



M92!A=!*=6XN(#(V+`R
#$P/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$

M;G5M/B@S
S8L



]
T1N=6T^*#
S-BPP


]
T1N=6UP/C@S
BPV
M-#@L

M1&YU;7`^


]











BPP



BPP
M











L
34P+#`P


]
T1N=6UP/C0X
RPQ-3`L
#`P/'-P86X^









]
T1T97AT




34L


]





M













M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@R
S8L
#`P

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT


T1T
M;W`^0VAA;F=E(&EN(&9A:7(@=F%L=64@;V8@9&5R:79A=&EV97

]


]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT


]


]


]


]







M:&%R97
@870@2F%N+B`P
2P@
C`Q





]

]


]


]


]


]

]
T1T97AT



C@L


]


]


]


]

]


M









]
T1N=6T^*#4Q
RPP
#`I/'-P86X^




M


]


M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@U-#0L
#`P

]
T1T97AT

]
T1N=6T^


N(#
Q+`R,#$Q/]T


]


3$L
M
38R+#`P



L


S$L(#(P

]
M


]


]


]


]

M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^4W1O8VL@;W!T:6]N(&-O;7!E;G-A=&EO;CPO=&0^#0H@







CDR+#`P


]
T1N=6UP/C(Y
BPP






M.2PS-S0L

S`L
#DT+#`P


]


M










]


]



]


M86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@R+#0Q
RPP
#`I




M
BPT
3
L


]


]

M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^16YD:6YG($)A;&%N8V4@870@1&5C+B`R.2P@
C`Q
CPO


#QS

]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@
SDT+#(P
2PP


#
W+#`P


2PW-#$L


]


]



T1T;W`^16YD:6YG











M(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@/]B;V1Y/@T*/]H=&UL/@T*

X

M93=A.3`S.3DT






]






CXQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H

3XV($UO;G1H


#$Q/&)R/D-O;7!A;GD\8G(^
M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`R.2P@
C`Q
CQB


]


M9FQO=W


]


]


]


M







S
L-S$X+#`P




#`P/'-P86X^

S`L.#`P
M+#`P







]
M
T1N=6UP/C0L
3$Y+#`P

]




T1T;W`^


]





]
T1N=6UP


]
T1N=6UP/C(L
38T+#`P



T1T;W`^5W)I=&4M




]
T1N=6UP
M/C$P+#$S
RPP


M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@R-BPY-S4L
#`P*3QS




]
T1N


M1&YU;7`^













3$L



]
M


C8L


]


#0L

2PP
C
L





C`L-S8P+#`P
M



2PP

RPU
38L
#`P/'-P86X^

C8L
M


]

M-S$L
S(W+#`P


]


]



T1T;W`^0V%P

]
T1N
M=6T^*#(P+#4T
2PP





]
T1N=6T^*#(R+#


M960I/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q+#8P.2PX
38L
M


M9VX]
T1T;W`^26YV97-T;65N='



]
T1N=6UP/C


M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q+#4P


T1T;W`^

2PV
S`L
#
Y+#`P

]
T1N
M=6T^*#0V+#`X




M;G5M/B@T.2PS
S`L

]
T1N=6T^*#8X-2PU-C0L


]


2PR
#(L-S`P+#`P



]
T1N=6UP/C8L
#
R+#`P
M

]

]
T1N=6T^*#$L





]
T1N=6T^*#8U+#`Y-BPP
M

M;7`^

]





#QS

M86QI9VX]

M;F%N8VEN9R!A8W1I=FET:65S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$

RPT-C0L

3`U+#0W
RPP

L-S`S+#`P


M9VX]


RPP

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q+#`P
M





RPS
3
L
#`P/'-P86X^


M+#`P


]

]



]
T1N=6UP/C@W+#`V
2PP




]
T1N
M=6UP/C0T+#@P-2PP


RPR-S0L

3$X+#`P


#`\








]




T1T;W`^26YC

M


BPQ-S(L





M

M;7`^
C8U+#`P





;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\S.#`X835E8E\S861D7S1B
M
CE?.3@P-5\W-V4W83DP
SDY-#



M@T*/&AT;6P^#0H@(#QH96%D/@T*(`@(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]
T1#

]
T13:&]W

M1'1L(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]


T0Q/C$R


#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^



M34U!4ED@3T8@4TE'3DE&24-!3E0@04-#3U5.5$E.1R!03TQ)0TE%4SPO=&0^







'!X/CQF;VYT

M1#(^/&(^3D]412!!)B
X
C$R.U-534U!4ED@3T8@4TE'3DE&24-!3E0@04-#


M;&4]

@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


N(#PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@

#M-:61C;R8C.#(R
3L@;W(@)B
X
M



N(&ES(&$@=VAO;&QY+6]W;F5D




@;V8@


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$



L('1H92`F(S@R
C`[4')E9&5C97-S;W(L)B
X
C(Q


X
C(P.TUI8VAA96P@
M1F]O9'
L)B
X
C(Q.R`F(S@R

C$[(8C.#(R,#MW
M92PF(S@R,C$[(8C.#(R



M87
@97-T86)L:7-H960N)B
Q-C`[06-C;W)D:6YG;'DL('1H92!A8V-O;7!A

M(&]F('1H92!M97)G97(N)B
Q-C`[5&AE($-O;7!A;GD@86YD(%!R961E8V5S




@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M

N(%1H92!-:6-H865L($9O;V1S(&5N


M($UI8VAA96P@1F]O9'










T1M87)G:6XM=&]P.C$X





T0R/E1H92!C;VYS;VQI9&%T
M960@9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N='
@:6YC;'5D92!T:&4@86-C;W5N='
@


@86YD('1R






M($1E8V5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[


#$R


G!X


M;&4]


38P.S
Q+`R,#$Q+B`\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*

M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


Q-C`[
2P@
C`Q
2!C;VYT86EN960@
M


M
#LR-BP@
C`Q



@9V5N97)A




M;&EA8FEL:71I97


M9!D:7-C;&]S=7)E(&%B;W5T(&-O;G1I;F=E;G0@87-S971S(&%N9!L:6%B

M;6%T97


M;&5N='





M92!M;VYT:'






M







@;VXM9V]I



M
2PQ
SDL

M





M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CX-B`@($EN=F5N=&]R:65S+!O


M:7


@;V8@=&AE(&-H:6-K



M;&5T(&9A8VEL:71I97













M
'!X/B8C

Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@
M(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@
M#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@
M(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$-B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@
M(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(#PO

3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@
M(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N



T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M93TS1#$^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O


T0Q/D1E8V5M
M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
S$L/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(#PO
M='(^(`T*(`@/'1R/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@

P
#`P
#`G


C`Q
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@

P
#`P


C`Q
3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]



3XF(S$V


MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]

T0R
M/C(U+#0X.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@




M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V


T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$,CXX.PS-3



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

Q
M-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N

M
T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]


T0R/CDY+#8P-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT

M1#(^)B



T0R/B8C
M
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]


T0R/C
U+#@R.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!N;W=R87`]


Q
M-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N

M


M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

#`P
#`P)SXF
M(S$V

#`P
#`P
M)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@

Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\

Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@
M(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^(`T*(`@/'1R/B`-B`@(#QT


M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T

M
34S+#$W
3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@



C(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@

T0R/B8C
38P

M9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@

MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

#`P


T1B;W1T;VT^

#`P
M








M97





N($EN('-U8V@@8V%S97



M(&EN('1H92!C;VYS;VQI9&%T960@9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N='
@87
@


X
C(P.W!R97!A:60@97AP96YS97
@86YD(&]T
M:&5R+B8C.#(R

M;BUT;W`Z











@879A:6QA8FQE('1O


R!F86ER('9A;'5E(&UE87-U

38P.S(Y+`R,#$R(&%N9!$96-E

38P.S





@:6YC
M;'5D960@:6X@)B
X
C(P.V]T:&5R(&%C8W)U960@;&EA8FEL:71I97
F(S@R
M

F(S@R
C$[


7!X.VUA


#L\+W`^#0H@

@82!R96-O;F-I;&EA=&EO;B!O9B!T:&4@8F5G:6YN


Q-C`[



#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0X)3XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V

M;&4]

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^(`T*(`@/'1R/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M


3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O

M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
M

7!X


M;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]



T0G;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z
2XP
&5M.R!T97AT
M+6EN9&5N=#HM
2XP



3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L


M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F


@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N
M=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXD/]F;VYT/CPO



T0G;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z
RXP
&5M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM
M
2XP



3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


Q-C`[
M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS


BPS-S(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@;F]W


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M93TS1#$^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT


@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

M(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]





M:60@(S`P
#`P



#`P

T0C8V-E
M969F/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXD/]F
M;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I


M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXV+#4P
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT

M1#(^)B

M(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B

P
#`P
#`G/B8C


W!X(&1O=6)L
M92`C
#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
M




M
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$


M860@+2T^#0H@(`\='(^(`T*(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-30E/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

M(`T*(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M



3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,3Y3:6=N:69I8V%N=8C

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
3Y3:6=N:69I8V%N=#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M



T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]






3XF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]


B!A;&EG;CTS





3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@
M#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-B`@(#PO='(^(`T*(`@/'1R/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D

P
#`P



T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!C


M=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M1#$^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

P
#`P
#`G/CQF;VYT

M1#$^*$QE=F5L(#(I/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,3XH3&5V96P@,RD\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@

3XF(S$V

T0Q/B8C
38P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M


M9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M93TS1#$^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@/$M+2!%




M=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[

T0Q
M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@



M1#$^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T



M;&4]

@
M;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A


#PO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@



M/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS

@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$


M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-B`@(#PO='(^(`T*(`@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C8V-E969F/B`-B`@









T1F;VYT

7!X/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M;W`Z




M(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@




#`P



#`P

P
#`P
#`G/B8C


P
#`P
#`G/B8C
38P.SPO


M
T0G;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z-2XP
&5M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM
2XP
&5M)SX\






@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N=UF
M86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^

3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O


M9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R





T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


M86QI9VX]

#`P



#`P


M9VX]

M;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P



#`P

M/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^(`T*
M(`@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C8V-E969F/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1T

M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P
M.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@

M9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V





M
T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T



@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N
M=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXD/]F;VYT/CPO

@
M;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXP/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D(&YO

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\





3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT

M1#(^
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@


T0G

@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L

T0G9F]N
M=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXP/]F;VYT/CPO

T1B;W1T;VT^

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^(`T*(`@/'1R
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A;6EL


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M

@
M;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M

@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXP/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D(&YO=W)A

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

M
T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T


M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXX+#@W
CPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M



M='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q


Q-C`[
M/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

7!X('-O;&ED

7!X('-O

#L\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



#`P
M


M
#`P

M9#X-B`@(#PO='(^(`T*(`@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C8V-E969F/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

Q
M-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N

M
T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXQ,PU.34\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\

T0R/B8C
M
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L

T0G9F]N
M=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXP/]F;VYT/CPO

T1B;W1T;VT^



M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T

M
2PW
C



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


T0R/B0\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$






M;W`Z
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^
M)B

P
#`P
#`G/B8C
38P




M
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q

P
#`P
#`G/B8C
38P.SPO

M;'-P86X]
T0Q-CXF(S$V

P
#`P


M

T0G;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z
2XP
&5M.R!T
M97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM
2XP
&5M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A;6EL


T1B

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

#L\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

Q-C`[/]F
M;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`\+W1R/B`-B`@

T0G
M;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z
RXP
&5M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM
2XP
&5M)SX\9F]N

M



M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR+#DP-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT

M1#(^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS



@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXR+#DP-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R






M(#PO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS


#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT

M1#(^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O


3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


Q-C`[
M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS


#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
M





T0G

#`P

M

#`P

M(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

P
#`P
M
#`G/B8C


P
M
#`P
#`G/B8C

38P.SPO
M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@


#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V


#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B

Q
M-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*

M)B
Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(#PO='(^(`T*(`@/'1R/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^#0H@(`\



M;G0^/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]




@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$

M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M;&4]

M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(S$V

#L\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

#`P

M

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T

M
#`P



#L\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

#`P


T0G

M(#PO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

#`P
M



#L\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B




3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]

T0R/C`\



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO
M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^




T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG


#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R
M87`]






#!E


3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D


@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N

@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$


M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

T0Q/B8C
M
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O


M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXV

T0R
M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]

T0R/C`\



T0R/B8C





M:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A


#`\+V9O



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT

T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H





T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

Q
M-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N

M
T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]


T0R/C`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\

T0R/B8C
M
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]

T0R/C8L-3`P

@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^

M='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@

T1B;W1T;VT^



#`P

T0G8F]R9&5R+71O

#`P


P
#`P
#`G/B8C
38P.SPO

P
#`P
#`G/B8C
38P


#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V

#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF
M(S$V




@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M

M/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A;6EL



@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]


3XF(S$V


M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\


T0R/C8Q.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R




M


38P.SPO
M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@



P
#`P
#`G/B8C


M)B
Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

P
#`P
M
#`G/B8C

38P.SPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT



P
#`P
#`G/B8C

38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`\

Q
M-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*

P
#`P
#`G
M/B8C

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$



@)#$N

38P
M.S(Y+`R,#$R(&%N9`D


L
M('1H92!F86ER('9A;'5E(&]F('1H:7

38P

38P.S



X
C$W


M;BUB;W1T;VTZ



T0G





L('-U8V@@87
@

L('=H:6-H('=E(&)E;&EE



@:&%V92!H







M='
@=&\@;6%N86=E('1H92!I;7!A8W0@;V8@8V5R=&%I;B!O9B!T:&5S92!R




M87

@:6X@=&AE

@86YD(&=E;F5R


M('1H870-B`@('=I=&AI;B!T:&4@;F5X=!T=V5L=F4@;6]N=&AS('=E('=I

@96%R;FEN9W












M.#(R

M:&5E=!A;F0@86X@87-S;V-I871E9!A;6]U;G0@:7

M)B
X
C(P.W!R97!A:60@97AP96YS97

M971S+B8C.#(R
3L@5&AE(&%M;W5N='








2P@
C`Q

M9FEC871I;VX@;V8@9V%I;G

@=V%S

M






T0P(&-E;&QP
M861D:6YG/3-$

M(`\='(^(`T*(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-38E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*
M(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@
M/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#@E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@
M/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@
M/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#@E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C

#`P
#`P)SX\9F]N

M


M;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]



3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M9VX]


3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQF;VYT

M1#$^1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LS
2P\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

Q
M-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS



T0Q/D1E8V5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
M
CDL/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N

@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

38P.S
Q+#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

Q-C`[


T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

Q
M-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS




#`P

T0Q/C(P
3$\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@

B!A;&EG;CTS1&-E;G1E
F4],T0Q/B8C,38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT


#`P


T0Q/C(P
3$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\



@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$

T0Q/B8C
M
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O


M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXS+#`V
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT

M1#(^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O



M;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL


T0G

@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L

T0G9F]N

@
M;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


M;VYS;VQI9&%T960@8F%L86YC92!S:&5E='
@:7



T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!W:61T:#TS
M1#$P,4@8F]R9&5R/3-$


#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R
M)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V

3XF(S$V

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M93TS1#$^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X],T0Q-!A;&EG;CTS1&-E;G1E

3XF(S$V

3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0Q
M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A




M;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]




#`P

@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3Y86QA;F-E(%-H965T($QO8V%T:6]N/]F;VYT


P
#`P


M970\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M


B!A;&EG;CTS1&-E

M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P
M86X]

M



#`P

T0Q/DQI86)I

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@
M/$M+2!%;F0@5&%B;&4@2&5A9`M+3X-B`@(#PA+2T@0F5G:6X@5&%B;&4@

M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P(&-O;'-P86X]


M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@
M#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/B8C

#L\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^




3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L


M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF

M93TS1#(^)#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]


T0R/B@Q+#@Q
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T

M*28C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@

T0G

3XF(S$V


M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\





T0R/BDF(S$V

M#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@(#QP

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
M

M)B
Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@
M(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

W!X
M(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT


Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@
M(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
M
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@(#QP('-T

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\
M+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`\

Q
M-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

W!X(&1O
M=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V


Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\
M=&0^)B




M960@87

M(#PO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@

M9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^(`T*(`@/'1R/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]



#!E



M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXS-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF

M93TS1#(^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXD/]F
M;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I





T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M



M;&4]


M#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M

M;&4@(S`P
#`P



#L\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


#`P


M;&4]

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B

M(S`P
#`P



#L\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

#`P

M



\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


3XF(S$V


M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N

M



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


T0R/B0\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXH.PX-S(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@;F]W


T0R/BDF(S$V
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B


3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]

T0R/B@V+#4P
M
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@/]T

M(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B

P
#`P
#`G/B8C


W!X(&1O=6)L
M92`C
#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B

P
#`P
#`G/B8C


W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
M
#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\


@86YD(&QI86)I;&ET:65S#0H@(!F;W(@96%C:!O9B!I='
@

M97)I=F%T:79E(&-O;G1R86-T+B!4:&4@86UO=6YT(&]R('1I;6EN9R!O9B!C
M87-H(&-O;&QA=&5R86P@8F%L86YC97

M9&%T960@8F%L86YC92!S:&5E='



RXU(&UI;&QI;VX@

#$R



#$Q+B`\+V9O



M;BUB;W1T;VTZ

T0G



@;VX@;W5R($-O;G-O;&ED871E9!3=&%T96UE;G1S(&]F#0H@(!/

Q-C`[
M
CDL(#(P
3(L)B
Q-C`[1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LS
2P@
C`Q
2PF(S$V
#M*
M86YU87)Y)B
Q-C`[
2P@
C`Q
2!A;F0@2G5N928C
38P.S(V+`R,#$P(AI


T1F;VYT



T0Q
#`E(&)O



T0U
M-4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$,R4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\
M=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,R4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\
M=&0@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
R4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
R4^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,R4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@
M(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\
M=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^(`T*(`@/'1R/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]


P
#`P


M:6]N*3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@

P
#`P
M
!A;&EG;CTS1&-E;G1E<CX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A

T0Q/BA);F5F9F5C=&EV92!0



#`P
M


T0Q/D=A:6XF(S$V

M)B

3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L

M;W1T;VTZ

T1M87)G


38P.T5A

3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@
M(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N




#`P

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
3Y


M;FEZ960F(S$V

Q-C`[;VX\8G(@+SY$97)I

3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@
M(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N


M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@/$M+2!%;F0@5&%B



M(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B

T0Q/B8C
M
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q

M
T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P

M9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`\


T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M


30@86QI9VX]
T1C


#`P
M

@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CX\+V(^1F]R('1H92!Y96%R(&5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R
M(#(Y+`R,#$R/&(^/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M



MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

Q-C`[

T0R
M/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#LH,2PR,#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@


M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY#;W-T)B
Q-C`[;V8F(S$V
#MS86QE

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


3XF(S$V


M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D


@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`\+W1R/B`-

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B

P
#`P
#`G/B8C
M


M1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

#`P
M


#L\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
M
#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V

Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^(`T*(`@/'1R/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\

38^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(#PO

3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@
M(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]

#`P
#`P


T0Q/CQB/CPO8CY&;W(@=&AE('EE87(@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(@
M
S$L(#(P
3$\8CX\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@
M(#PO='(^(`T*(`@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C8V-E969F/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

M:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$



M;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL

@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M87`]





T0R/B0\+V9O




M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT



W!X
M(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*


Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\

P
#`P
#`G/B8C

38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@

MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

#`P

M9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^(`T*(`@/'1R/B`-

M

!M
M;VYT:'

M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

Q

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L

T0G9F]N


@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG


M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A


\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B



M;&4]

7!X/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO


W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^#0H@

Q-C`[/]P
M/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M;&4]


W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
M
#L\+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`\

Q
M-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*

P
#`P
#`G
M/B8C

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

T0Q/B8C
M
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG

30@86QI9VX]

M

#`P

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\
M8CX\+V(^1F]R('1H92!S:7@@;6]N=&AS(&5N9&5D($IU;F4@
C8L(#(P
3`\
M8CX\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^(`T*
M(`@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C8V-E969F/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1T


M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q

M
T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/B8C


M

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A






M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T

M

@
M;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M
T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CY#;W-T
M(&]F('-A;&5S/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]

T0R/C`\+V9O



T0R/B8C


T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@

#`P

M(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*

P
#`P
#`G
M/B8C


M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T

M
#`P





G!X


M;&4]




T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG
M/3-$
!W:61T:#TS1#$P,4@8F]R9&5R/3-$
!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M

M8V5N=&5R/@T*(`@/$M+2!96=I;B!486)L92!(96%D(TM/@T*(`@/'1R
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0T)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0T)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0T)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0T)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9#XF(S$V

M/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]

T1C96YT97(@


#`P

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
3Y
;V-A=&EO;G
F(S$V

T0Q/D=A
M:6X-B`@(A





T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,3Y#;VUP86YY/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O


#`P

P
#`P



M
T0Q/B8C



#`P
M



@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3Y%;F1E9#QB

Q-C`[#0H@(`R.2P\8G(@+SXR,#$R/]F;VYT/CPO
M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]


M

#`P

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3Y9


M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O
M;'-P86X]

M;VTZ

Q-C`[
2P\8G(@+SXR
!S;VQI9`C,#`P,#`P)SX\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]




M/C(P
3`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF

T0Q/B8C


M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O
M;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A


I(%)E
M8V]G;FEZ960@:6X@16%R;FEN9W
@;VX@1&5R:79A=&EV93PO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

Q
M-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@/$M+2!%;F0@5&%B;&4@


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CY#;W-T)B
Q-C`[;V8F(S$V



T0R/B0\+V9O



M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH
2PP

T0R
M/BDF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]


P
#`P

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N=UF
M86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^

M86QI9VX]


M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C



#`P


M9VX]

M;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P



#`P


Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

P
M
#`P
#`G/B8C

38P.SPO

T0G;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z
2XP
&5M.R!T97AT+6EN
M9&5N=#HM
2XP




@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY)

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXD/]F;VYT/CPO
M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF

M93TS1#(^*#(L


M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
!S;VQI9`C
#`P
M

M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL


7!X/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@

T0G8F]R



W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^#0H@
M(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

P
#`P
M
#`G/B8C



T0G8F]R9&5R



W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^#0H@(`\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B

T0G8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0Z

T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@

#`P



'!X.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N






M9STS1#`@=VED=&@]

M/B`-B`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#8U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0W)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0W
M)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0W)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V

3XF(S$V

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M1#(@86QI9VX]



#`P

M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3Y&86ER)B
Q-C`[5F%L=64F(S$V
#MO

M/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]


M;&4]

#`P

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M

3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('-T



T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO



@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M
T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P

M(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B



M86YC92!A=!*86YU87)Y(#(L(#(P,3`\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG



@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B




@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXT
M+#(Y-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`\




M;BUL969T.C
N

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY&

M/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/B8C

3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T

M

@
M;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(#PO

M1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

T1B;W1T

T0G8F]R9&5R+71O

#`P


T0G8F]R9&5R

#`P


P
#`P
#`G/B8C
38P

P
#`P
#`G/B8C
M


T0G;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z
2XP
&5M
M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM
2XP
&5M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A

T0R/D)A;&%N8V4@870@2G5N
M92`R-BP@
C`Q



@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXH
S


M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B


M

@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG


RPV-CD\+V9O;G0^



T0R/B8C


#`P


M86QI9VX]

#`P



#`P

T1T;W`^)B

T0Q/B8C
38P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*

M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B

#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\


#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!C;VQS

#`P
#`P
M)SXF(S$V


#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V

#!E

M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CX\8CY#;VUP86YY/]B
M/CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T

#L\+W1D/@T*(`@/]T

#!E

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$,CY86QA;F-E(&%T($IU;F4@

3`\+V9O;G0^/]P
M/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B



@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXP

@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G
M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXD/]F;VYT


M


M1#$^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A

T0R/C(L

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS

M

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^
M(`T*(`@/'1R/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH
C

@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T



M
7!X/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@
M(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

7!X

M

M
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]





M(S`P
#`P


M:60@(S`P
#`P

T0C8V-E969F
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


T0Q/B8C
M
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O



@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH
C

@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@


T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
MB`@(#PO='(^(`T*(`@/'1R/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^#0H@

M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^




T0G9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXI)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO
M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
M

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N



T0G


T0G
M;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z
RXP
&5M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM
2XP
&5M)SX\9F]N

M





#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V

#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B

Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@

Q-C`[/]P/@T*
M(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C





M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T

M
2PR



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


T0R/B0\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$



T0G9F]N
M=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXI)B,Q-C`[/]F
M;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A;6EL

T0R/C0V
SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT

M1#(^)B




T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXI)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$


M9VX]

#L\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G

@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M1#$^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A

T0R/C(P.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF

M93TS1#(^)B

M;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[


Q-C`[/]P
M/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C


7!X('-O;&ED

#L\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



M+3$N



M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS


M/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS

@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$


M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B

M;&4]

7!X/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO


W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^#0H@

Q-C`[/]P
M/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
M
#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V

Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^


W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V

Q-C`[/]P/@T*
M(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B





M/3-$



2PT
C4L(0S,C8@86YD(@D


@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(@
CDL(#(P
3(@86YD($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q



@)#0V-B!F;W(@=&AE

C`Q
X@/]F;VYT







C`Q


M=VAI8V@@:6YC;'5D97

M='



'1E;G-I;VYS+!T



M8F5T=&5R;65N='

@86YD(&%C






T0R/E=E


M
P@)#@V+#`P,!A;F0@)#$S
RPP
#`@:6X@=&AE('EE87)S(&5N9&5D($1E
M8V5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
CDL(#(P
3(@86YD($1E8V5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
S$L(#(P
M

#$P(')E;&%T:6YG('1O


@=VAE





@*&4N9RXL('1R861E;6%R:W
I





M=64@:7



@;V8@1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LR.2P@
C`Q
B!A;F0@

M87)S(&5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
CDL(#(P
3(-B`@(&%N98C
38P
M.T1E8V5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
S$L(#(P


#LQ+`R,#$Q(&%N9!*=6YE)B
Q-C`[
M
C8L(#(P

N(%1H92!F;VQL






M



T0V
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@
M#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-4^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@
M#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$-4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@
M#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@
M(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@
M#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@
M(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$-4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@
M(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(#PO

3XF(S$V

M
T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D

M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P
M86X]


M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
M


T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

Q-C`[
M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$


T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

Q
M-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS

B!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(^/&9O;G0@


3XF(S$V


T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M



T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3Y0;W1A
M=&\\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M


B!N;W=R87`]
T1N
M;W=R87`@86QI9VX]


M/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!C

B!V86QI9VX]

Q
M-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^(`T*(`@
M/'1R/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\


M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M



M;&4]

3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&YO=W)A


#`P
#`P)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A

T0Q/E1O=&%L/]F;VYT/CPO
M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF
M(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`\(2TM($5N9!486)L
M92!(96%D(TM/@T*(`@/$M+2!96=I;B!486)L92!;V1Y(TM/@T*(`@
M/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C8V-E969F/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^


M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T

M-C@X+#(U
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@



M:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A

T0R/C0X+#4S.#PO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@




@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$



M


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$


M/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS



M
T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]

T0R
M/C0P
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`\


M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^




T0G9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXI)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO
M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF

M93TS1#(^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O


#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T

M)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\

3XF(S$V


Q-C`[/]F
M;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I


#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
M


38P.SPO9F]N

M(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A

P
#`P
#`G/B8C


P
#`P
#`G/B8C

M/'1D/B8C

#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^

#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\
M+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^








T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F



M;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG


@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXX


M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^



M;G-L871I;VX@861J=7-T;65N=#PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@

M;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL

M:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A


#PO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@


M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T

M)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A




@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
M

#L\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(`@


#`P


#`P

M(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A

P
#`P
#`G/B8C


P
#`P
#`G/B8C

M/'1D/B8C

#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^

#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\
M+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V




T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$,CY86QA;F-E(&%S(&]F($1E8V5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
CDL(#(P
3(\
M+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]


3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


M=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H


T0R/CDR+#@X
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
M



3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]

T0R/C@S


7!X/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/B8C

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P
M)SXF(S$V

Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M;W`Z
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V


Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T
M9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P)SXF
M(S$V

Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@
M#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@


Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@
M#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`\(2TM($5N9!4



















#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0V)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0V)3XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3Y$

38P.S(Y+#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M


M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M


T0G

#`P

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3XR
#$R



T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$,3XR,#$Q/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(#PO
M='(^#0H@(`\(2TM($5N9!486)L92!(96%D(TM/@T*(`@/$M+2!96=I





M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXU
C$L

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(S$V




M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T

M)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A


CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T

M*28C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]

T0R/B@T



T0R/BDF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T

T1B


T0G8F]R9&5R

#`P


T0G8F]R

#`P

M9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^(`T*(`@/'1R(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C8V-E969F/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^)B
Q-C`[

T0Q
M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^


M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXT-#

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXT-S0L


M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V



MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

Q-C`[

T0R
M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]


T0R/C$Q
2PP

T0R
M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]

T0R/C$Q
M
2PP



T0R/B8C

M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

P
#`P
M
#`G/B8C


P
M
#`P
#`G/B8C

38P.SPO
M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@


#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V


#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V

M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]



W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
M
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\

P
#`P
#`G/B8C







M(0Q-B!M:6QL:6]N(&%N9`D-RXU(&UI;&QI;VX@:6X@=&AE('EE87)S#0H@


M
38P.S

@96YD960@

38P.S$L(#(P
3$@86YD($IU;F4F(S$V
#LR-BP@
C`Q

@
M
C`Q
R!T:')O=6=H(#(P

@87



M=&@]

#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0V)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V




M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@


T0G;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z
2XP
&5M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N
M=#HM
2XP


T0R/C(P

T0Q/B8C
38P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXS

T0R
M/B8C



@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR

3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


Q-C`[
M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS


S`L.#`P/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D(&YO

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\



C`Q-CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^


T0G;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z
2XP
&5M.R!T97AT+6EN
M9&5N=#HM
2XP


T0R/C(P

T0Q/B8C
M
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O


M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXS
PX,#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@



















@87)E(&%S(&9O;&QO=W





M;W1T;VTZ
'!X/B8C


Q-C`[/]T
M9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^)B,Q-C`[
M/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B

3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&%L:6=N



T0Q/B8C
M
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG


T0Q
M/D1E8V5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
S$L/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
MB`@(#PO='(^(`T*(`@/'1R/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

P
M
#`P


C`Q
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]


P
#`P


C`Q
3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

Q-C`[
M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@/$M+2!%;F0@5&%B;&4@2&5A


3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]

T0R/C0X
M+#4T-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`\

M8V]S='
\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXQ+#
W-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R






#!E




M;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL


M

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY!;6]R=&EZ871I
M;VX\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M



T0R/BDF(S$V

T0Q/B8C
38P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH-RPY

T0R
M/BDF(S$V

#L\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



#`P
M


M
#`P

M9#X-B`@(#PO='(^(`T*(`@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C8V-E969F/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N=UF
M86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^


T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG


#(W/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
M

#L\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

#`P


T0G8F]R

M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@

#`P




M;BUB;W1T;VTZ

T0G

@;6]D:69I960@;VX@1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LQ
M
2P@
C`Q




M(&9E97




M;W(@=&AE('EE87(@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LS
2P@
C`Q

M;BUB;W1T;VTZ







C`Q
B!A;F0@1&5C
M96UB97(F(S$V
#LS
2P@
C`Q







'!X/B8C

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CX\


'!X.R!T





L('=I=&@@=&AE(&5X8V5P=&EO;B!O

M=&5D('5S:6YG('1H92!C=7)R96YT(&5X8VAA;F=E(')A=&4@870@=&AE(&)A





@87)E(')E8V]R9&5D(&EN($%/



M9&EA;B!D;VQL87(M9&5N;VUI;F%T960@;F]T92!R96-E:79A8FQE(&9R;VT@


#M-1D]3228C.#(R
3LI+B!-
M1D]322!O=VYS(#$P











M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$



M;BUB;W1T;VTZ

T0G

F(S@R
M
3([02!R979E;G5E('1R86YS86-T:6]N(&ES(&EN:71I871E9!A;F0-B`@






M=FEC97

X





M92!M86YU86P@9F]R(&1E=&5R;6EN:6YG(&-O;&QE8W1A8FEL:71Y(&9R;VT@




M871I;VX[('1H97)E9F]R92P@=&ET;&4@=&\@9V]O9'


T0G;6%R9VEN







@9'5E('1O('1H92!F86-T('1H870@;W5R('-A;&5S(&%R92!N

M;&5S(&%R92!H:6=H('9O;'5M92!A;F0@:&]M;V=E;F5O=7
@:6X@;F%T=7)E


G!X


M;&4]








M('1O(&5S=&EM871E('1H:7



T1M87)G:6XM




@/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@(`\



M='


@:6YC=7)R960@



M(S$V





#M6;VQU;64F(S@R

M9W)A;7


@97-T:6UA=&5D(&%S(&)E:6YG(&1U92!T;R!C=7-T


#M/=7(@861V97)T



M









T0R/E1H92!#;VUP86YY)B
X
C$W
M.W

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CX\8CY)
M;F-O;64@5&%X97



M97-S;65N='








@86YD(&QI86)I;&ET:65S


@8F%S960@;VX-

M96YC97




M=W
L(&-H86YG97

M97





@87)E(&5S


@87)E(&9I;&5D

M:7




L








@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY);B!-87D@
C`Q
M



@9F]R(&UE




T0R/DEN($IU;F4@
C`Q
2P@=&AE($9!4T(@:7-S=65D



M;F-O;64@:6X@;VYE(&-O;G1I;G5O=7



@
M;W5T(&]F(&%C8W5M=6QA=&5D(&]T:&5R(&-O;7!R96AE;G-I=F4@:6YC;VUE


38P.S$L(#(P



M(&]F(&]P97)A=&EO;G



T0G;6%R




#$Q+!T:&4-B`@($9!4T(@:7-S




M86YC97
@;&5A9'

@;6]R






M







M:!A;65N9',@=&AE(&5X:7-T:6YG(&=U:61A;F-E+!R96QA=&5D('1O(&EM







M:&4@9W5I9&%N8V4@:7






M;VTZ




@;V8@86-C=6UU;&%T960@
















M;W1T;VTZ

T0G9F]N

MCPO:'1M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\S.#`X835E8E\S861D7S1B
M
CE?.3@P-5\W-V4W83DP
SDY-#




T1T97AT

M:7

]

T0Q/C$R


#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^



M(%!50DQ)0R`B+2\O5S-#+R]$5$0@6$A434P@

2UT








M=VYE9!S=6)S:61I87)Y(&]F($UI8VAA96P@1F]O9',@26YV97-T;W)S+!
M3$


@5DD@1G5N9P@3Y0+B!A;F0@:71S(&%F9FEL:6%T97
L
M(&%F9FEL:6%T97



@;V8@;6%N86=E



N(%1H:7


@
M;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$






M(&YO;BUC87-H('=R:71E+6]F9G
@;V8@=6YA;6]R=&EZ960@9&5F97)R960-








]
T1T:#Y$96



M(#PA+2T@0F5G:6X@0FQO8VL@5&%G9V5D($YO=&4@
R`M('5S+6=A87`Z1&5B

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CX\8CY.3U1%($
F
M(S@R


'!X.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#HT





G!X.VUA


'!X/B8C


Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@
M#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-4^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@
M#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^(`T*(`@/'1R/B`-B`@

M;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]


M97(F(S$V
#LR.2P\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]


B!A


T0Q/D1E8V5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
S$L/]F;VYT
M/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^(`T*(`@/'1R/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


P
#`P


C`Q
CPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M1#$^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

P
#`P
#`G/CQF;VYT

M1#$^
C`Q
3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`\+W1R/@T*
M(`@/$M+2!%;F0@5&%B;&4@2&5A9`M+3X-B`@(#PA+2T@0F5G:6X@5&%B




M/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M


3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]

T0R/C`\



T0R/B8C





M;G0^/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXW-C4L

@
M;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M

@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXX
#8L.#`P/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
M



M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A;6EL

T0R/C0S
PP,#`\+V9O;G0^/]T




T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D


M;G0Z+3$N





T0G9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-B`@(#PO='(^(`T*(`@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C8V-E969F/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXQ


T0G;6%R9VEN
M+6QE9G0Z
2XP
&5M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM
2XP

T0R/D=U
M87)A;G1E97
\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXX+#@S
SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N




T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^(`T*(`@/'1R(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C8V-E969F/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]




T0G9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-B`@(#PO='(^(`T*(`@/'1R/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^


#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]

Q-C`[/]F;VYT
M/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`\+W1R/B`-B`@(#QT

T0G;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z
RXP
&5M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N
M=#HM
2XP




3XF(S$V


Q-C`[/]F
M;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I


3`L
#DV/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D(&YO=W)A

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O



M86P@:7-S=64@9&ES8V]U;G0@;VX@=&5R;2!(&QO86X\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*

@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

T0G9F]N=UF
M86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXQ,PR.#`\+V9O;G0^



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A

T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\


T0R/C$R+#0S-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N



#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L

Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO






M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A

T0R/C$L
3@Y+#4W
#PO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@


M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT



W!X
M(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[

P
#`P
#`G/B8C







@;V8@;&]N9RUT97)M(&1E8G0@9F]R('1H

@9F]L;&]W:6YG($1E8V5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
CDL(#(P
M



Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/'1A8FQE


M8F]R9&5R/3-$


#L\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@/]T



M969T.C$N

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR
#$S

3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]

T0R/C$Y+#@S
M
SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`\+W1R

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$




T0G;6%R
M9VEN+6QE9G0Z
2XP
&5M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM
2XP

T0R
M/C(P
34\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXR+#
X.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R





@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXR+#`Y-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@


M;&4]
T0G;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z
2XP
&5M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM
2XP
&5M


T0R/C(P


T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G

@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R
M87`]




@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@

T0G
M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXQ+#$X.PS
M.3



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@/]T





T0R/@T*

#LR-2P@
C`Q-BX@07
@
M;V8@1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LR.2P@
C`Q
B!A;F0@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
M




M

T0G9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CX-B`@(%1H92!T97)M($(@

#LR-2P@



M97(F(S$V
#LR-RP@
C`Q
B!A;F0@1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LS

M;G0@=&\@1&5C96UB97(@
CDL(#(P




M(`@5&AE(&-R961I=!A9W)E96UE;G0@8V]N=&%I;G








@
2XY
!T;R`Q+C`P+B!7
M92!W97)E(&EN(&-O;7!L:6%N8V4@=VET:!A;&P@;V8@=&AE(&-O=F5N86YT


T1M87)G

T0G


M:6]R(&YO=&5S(&UA='5R:6YG(&]N($IU;'DF(S$V
#LQ-2P@

M87















38P.S(U+`R,#$T+B!!=!$

38P.S(Y+`R,#$R+!T:&4@;F]T92!H860@86X@969F96-T


M(S$V
#LR.2P@
C`Q



M1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LS
P@,C`Q,RP@=VET:!A;B!O=71S=&%N9&EN9R!B


S@L
#`P+!W
M:&EC:!W92!R96YE=V5D(&EN($IU;'D@
C`Q

@
M075G=7-T)B
Q-C`[
S$L(#(P





M;BUT;W`Z

'!X/B8C


Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@
M#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@
M(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@
M#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@
M(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^(`T*(`@/'1R/B`-B`@(#QT

M/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M(&-O;'-P86X]


M(S$V
#LR.2P\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]


B!A;&EG


T0Q/D1E8V5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
S$L/]F;VYT/CPO
M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF
M(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^(`T*(`@/'1R/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]


P
#`P


C`Q
CPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\

P
#`P
#`G/CQF;VYT('-T

M
C`Q
3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@
M/$M+2!%;F0@5&%B;&4@2&5A9`M+3X-B`@(#PA+2T@0F5G:6X@5&%B;&4@



T1B;W1T

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\

M


M/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS

@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ-2PW



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N



T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CY!8V-U;75L871E9!D97!R96-I
M871I;VX\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$



T0R/BDF(S$V

T0Q/B8C
M
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O


M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH


M
T0R/BDF(S$V

#L\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]





M
#`P


M(S`P
#`P

T0C8V-E969F/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N
M=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXD/]F;VYT/CPO


T0G9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A


3(L
3
R/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(S$V

#L\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

#`P


T0G

M(#PO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

#`P
M












M='DN($%T($1E8V5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
CDL(#(P




T0R/DEN($IU;'D@
C`Q
BP@=V4@86YD

M82`D


@8F5N969I


M($-O;7!A;GD@3'1D+B!A;F0@=&AE($-H:6YA(&)R86YC:!O9B!86YK(&]F
M($%M97)I8V$N($%T($1E8V5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
CDL(#(P



6QE/3-$)V9O
M;G0M9F%M:6QY.G1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;B<@<VEZ93TS1#(^#0H@(!4:&4@


T0P
M(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$


M+2T^#0H@(`\='(^(`T*(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-C`E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*
M(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*
M(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C






#`P



M86QI9VX]


P
#`P


M=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M1#$^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O


#`P

M;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]


Q

3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M9VX]


M(S`P
#`P

@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


3(\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@

B!A;&EG;CTS1&-E;G1E

C`Q
3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

Q
M-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N

P
#`P




3XF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M


T0G

#`P

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3Y*=6YE
M)B
Q-C`[


T0G;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z
2XP
&5M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N
M=#HM
2XP




T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B



T1B;W1T;VT^



M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T


M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M;&4]


T0G8F]R9&5R

#`P
#`P)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT

T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M1#$^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXR-RPW.3D\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@


M969T.C$N

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY!;6]R

M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF

M93TS1#(^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O



M
T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]

T0R

M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M;&4]

@
M;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXT+#$Q.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!N;W=R87`]


#`P

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ+#@R.#PO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T





M93TS1#$^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT

T0R/C(L

@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXR+#$V-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N





3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@


2PU



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@/]T

#!E


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T



T1B;W1T;VT^



M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V



M86QI9VX]


#`P


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]


T0R/B8C
38P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M





T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N


M;BUL969T.C$N

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY#



T0R/B8C
M
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]


T0R/B@X
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N
M;W=R87`]


38P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F

T0R/B@S-S0\+V9O



T0R/BDF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N

@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$


P
#`P


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

Q
M-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N

M
T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]


T0R/B@Q
S

T0R
M/BDF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^(`T*(`@/'1R/B`-B`@




3XF(S$V


Q-C`[/]F;VYT
M/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT


T1N


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A;6EL

T0R/B@T.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT

M1#(^*28C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]

T0R
M/B@R.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L

M(S`P
#`P

@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D


T0G9F]N
M=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXI)B,Q-C`[/]F




#`P

T0G8F]R9&5R+71O

#`P


P
#`P
#`G/B8C
38P.SPO

P
#`P
#`G/B8C
38P


#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V

#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V

M9`C,#`P,#`P)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(`@


#`P


#`P

T0C8V-E969F/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@

M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT

M1#(^)#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]


T0R/CDX+#$T
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!N;W=R87`]


Q
M-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N




M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T

M

M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T

M
#`P



#L\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

#`P


T0G

M(#PO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

#`P
M


7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P
M,#`G/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


#`P

M/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(`@/'`@





M



@:7
@
BXW
R4@86YD('1H92!L87-T(&-O;G1R86-T
M(&UA='5R97
@;VX@2G5N928C
38P.S$V+`R,#$U+B!96-A=7-E('=E(&1O


M;W-S97
@87
@82!C;VUP;VYE;G0@;V8@96%R;FEN9W

I(&EN#0H@













]

]
T1T

]



CM)3D-/344@5$%815
@/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@(`\


'!E;G-E(AB
#XF(S$V,#L\+W`^#0H@(`\=&%B;&4@

T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

M9VEN(%1A8FQE($AE860@+2T^#0H@(`\='(^(`T*(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M-C$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@
M/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@
M/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C
M

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,3Y#;VUP86YY/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^

M:'0Z


#`P
#`P)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F

T0Q/E!R961E8V5S

M=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^(`T*(`@
M/'1R/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\

P
#`P
#`G/CQF;VYT('-T


T1B;W1T

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D



#`P

3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R


Q-C`[36]N=&AS/&)R(\^16YD960\+V9O;G0^/]T

3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0Q
M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O

#`P

M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

38P

3(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M


M
C`Q
3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@

P
#`P
M



3XF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M


T0G

#`P

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3Y*=6YE
M)B
Q-C`[



T0G
M;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z
2XP
&5M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM
2XP
&5M)SX\9F]N

M

3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^
M)B


#`P

3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^(`T*(`@/'1R/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N




@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXV+#$X
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@




T0G8F]R9&5R

#`P
#`P)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT

T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M1#$^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T



M;&4]
T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF
M(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^(`T*(`@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
M
T0C8V-E969F/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

F4],T0Q/B8C,38P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G
M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$


M;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG






T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A

T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\


T0R/C$L




M;&4]


38P


#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V


#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^#0H@(`\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*

M)B
Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@
M#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M

M;W`Z


M
7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`G/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T

T1B

3XF(S$V


Q-C`[/]F
M;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I





M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V





M
#`P


M(S`P
#`P

P
#`P
#`G/B8C

P
#`P
#`G/B8C


#`P
#`P)SXF
M(S$V

#`P
#`P
M)SXF(S$V


T0G

#`P

M

#`P

M(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^(`T*(`@
M/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C8V-E969F/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^

#L\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B







T0R/BDF(S$V
#L\+V9O

M
T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T


M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@


T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXI)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT

M1#(^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O


MB`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT

M1#(^*28C


N

@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T

M)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A




T0R/B8C
38P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F

T0R/B@Q
#PO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT

T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H


T0R/B@V
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N


#`P

M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B


N
M

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY3=&%T93PO9F]N

M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS


M/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS


@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@

T0G
M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXH-S$U/]F

T1B


#`P
#`P


T0R/BDF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$


M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B

#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L

Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO






M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T

T1B

M


#`P
M
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q


Q-C`[
M/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^

@
M;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\

M

M9VX]

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXI)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O


Q
M-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG


S0R/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B
Q
M-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXI)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V


Q-C`[/]F
M;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I


M87`]


38P.SPO

M#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D

P
#`P
#`G/B8C


P
#`P
#`G/B8C


#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\
M+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`\

#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
M
#L\+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L

Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@

M:60@(S`P
#`P

P
#`P
#`G/B8C
M


P
#`P
#`G
M/B8C

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]

T0R/B@W
34\



T0R/BDF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G
M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXD/]F;VYT

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXI)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT

M1#(^)#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]


T0R/B@Q
RPW-C4\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\

T0R/BDF
M(S$V

#L\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

#`P


T0G

M(#PO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

#`P
M


#L\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

#`P


T0G8F]R

M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`G/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M

M;&4@(S`P
#`P




T0G;6%R9VEN+71O





M87@@8F%S97



Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/'1A8FQE(&-E



M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0V)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0V)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF
M(S$V

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@



M
#`P


T0Q/D1E8V5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[

T0G;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z
2XP
&5M.R!T
M97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM
2XP
&5M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A;6EL



M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B



M;W)I97
\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*

M86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXI)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T

M)#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M


T0R/B@V+#DW-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N
M;W=R87`]


38P



N

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$

3XF(S$V


Q-C`[/]F
M;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I





T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M1#$^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A

T0R/B@X



T0R/BDF(S$V




M/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG


3
L

@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXX+#4P
3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N



#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L

Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO









T0R/B8C
M
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]




@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXW
#`\+V9O



T0R/B8C






T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M,CXI)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T


@
M;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`\

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M;W`Z









T0G;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z
2XP
M
&5M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM
2XP
&5M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT

T0R/DYO;BUC=7)R96YT

T0Q/B8C
38P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*

M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@

M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A;6EL

T0R/B@T



T0R/BDF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$


M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B


M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

M;&4]



T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


M;&]R/3-$(V-C965F9CX@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@/'`@

T0G;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z
RXP
&5M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM
2XP
M


T0R/E1R861E;6%R:W

M:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A


Y+#DV.3PO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO
M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F

T0R/B8C
38P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R


T0R/B@T

M9VX]

@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@

T0G

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$


T0C8V-E
M969F/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L

T0G9F]N

3XF(S$V


Q-C`[/]F;VYT
M/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT





T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


M;F1E;G0Z+3$N




M9VX]

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXI)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O


Q
M-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG


3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!N;W=R87`]


M


N

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$



T0G9F]N

@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N



M;&4]

#`P

M/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(`@/'`@


#`P


P
#`P
#`G/B8C


P
#`P
#`G/B8C

M

T0G;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z
2XP
&5M.R!T
M97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM
2XP
&5M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A;6EL

T0R/E1O=&%L(&=R;W-S(&1E9F5R


T0Q
M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^


M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH
C0W+#8X-CPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A

T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\




M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N



@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@

T0G
M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXH-PW-S
\



T0R/BDF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^

M='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@

T1B;W1T;VT^



#`P

T0G8F]R9&5R+71O

#`P

M(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^(`T*(`@/'1R/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]

M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^




M
7!X/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@
M(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

7!X

M

M
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]







M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT




T0R/BDF(S$V

T0Q/B8C
M
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O



6QE

M


Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@

P
#`P
#`G/B8C

MB`@(#PO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C

Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

P
#`P
#`G/B8C

38P

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY!

38P.S(Y+`R,#$R+!W92!H879E(&$@=F%L=6%T
M:6]N(&%L;&]W86YC92!O9B`D-RXS(&UI;&QI;VX@86YD('1H92!N970@:6YC

M:&4@=F%L=6%T:6]N(&%L;&]W86YC92!W87

M(&UA;F%G96UE;G0F(S@R

F5D(&EN

#$R(&-H86YG92!I;B!T:&4@=F%L=6%T:6]N






M;W`Z


6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.G1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;B<@<VEZ93TS1#(^5&AE(&9O;&QO=VEN9R!I<R!A#0H@(!R
2!I
M;B!L;W-S97

T0Y
B4@
M8F]R9&5R/3-$


#L\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0X)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V

3XF(S$V

T0Q/B8C
38P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M

3XF(S$V
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B


T0G8F]R

#`P

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O


T0Q
M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A


F4],T0Q/B8C,38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT



M9&5D/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL

P
#`P
#`G/CQF;VYT('-I

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@

B!A;&EG;CTS1&-E;G1E



M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^(`T*(`@/'1R/B`-B`@(#QT

M/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M(&-O;'-P86X]

M;W1T;VTZ

3XF(S$V

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M1#(@86QI9VX]



#`P

M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

38P.S

M/C(P
3$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]


B!A;&EG;CTS

Q
M-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N

P
#`P


M928C

3`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D





@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$

M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF

M93TS1#(^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O


S4N
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT

M1#(^)28C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]

T0R
M/C



T0R/B4F(S$V

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M;&4]

@
M;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXS-2XP/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D

@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L

T0G9F]N
M=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXS-2XP/]F;VYT

T1B;W1T

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXE)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`\+W1R/B`-B`@

T0G
M;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z
2XP
&5M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM
2XP
&5M)SX\9F]N

M

M/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXS+C$\+V9O



T0R/B4F(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N

@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$



T0R/B4F(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0Q
M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^


M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


P
#`P
#`G/CQF;VYT('-T

M)28C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]

T0R/B@P



T0R/BDE)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`\


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

T0G9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXH,BXP/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O



M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)28C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

Q
M-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N

M
T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]


T0R/C`N
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!N;W=R87`]


#`P

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXE)B
Q
M-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N

@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXE)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`\+W1R/B`-

@9&5D=6-T

3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT

M1#(^*#@N-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@



T0Q/B8C
38P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


M;&4]

M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL

M9VX]


M
#`P


T0R/BDE)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXE)B




M;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL


T0G8F]R

#`P
#`P)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F

T0R/BDE)B
Q-C`[


6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.G1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;B<@<VEZ
M93TS1#(^5F%L=6%T:6]N(&%L;&]W86YC93PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

Q
M-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N

M
T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]


T0R/C
N-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T

M)28C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]

T0R/C`N
M-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]


T0R/B8C
38P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M


T0R/C$Q+CD\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@;F]W

P
#`P


38P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M1#$^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A

T0R/C`N
3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF

M93TS1#(^)28C



@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$



3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@


2XP

@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXE)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D



@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

T0G9F]N=UF
M86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXH,RXT/]F;VYT/CPO

T1B;W1T;VT^




7!X/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
M
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@(#QP('-T




M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M

M9`C,#`P,#`P)SXF(S$V,#L\+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]

M;VQI9`C,#`P,#`P)SXF(S$V,#L\+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T

T0G

#`P

M

#`P


Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@
M(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

7!X

M

M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT

M1#(^
C@N
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

Q-C`[

T0R
M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]


T0R/B@U+C$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\

T0R/BDE
M)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\



38P.SPO=&0^(`T*


Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\

P
#`P
#`G/B8C


Q-C`[

P
#`P
#`G/B8C
M


Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@

P
#`P
#`G/B8C


P
#`P
#`G/B8C

Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

P
M
#`P
#`G/B8C

38P.SPO


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY4:&4@




G!X.VUA


M




C`S


'!X/CQF

M93TS1#(^/&(^06-C;W5N=&EN9R!F;W(@56YC97)T86EN='D@:6X@26YC;VUE

@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$




T0P('=I9'1H/3-$



M=&@]
T0V
4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$-B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@
M#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@
M(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@
M#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@
M(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$-B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@
M(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@
M(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\
M=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^(`T*(`@/'1R/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]


Q
M-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N

P
#`P


M9&5C97-S;W(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T0Q/B8C



@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$

38P.S(Y+#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]



3XF(S$V
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B


M
T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,3Y*=6YE
M)B,Q-C`[,C8L/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^

3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R


3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&%L

7!X('-O;&ED

M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O
M;'-P86X]

M;VTZ

3XF(S$V
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B


T0G8F]R

#`P

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3XR
#$P/]F
M;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`\(2TM($5N
M9!486)L92!(96%D(TM/@T*(`@/$M+2!96=I;B!486)L92!;V1Y(TM
M/@T*(`@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C8V-E969F/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M



T1B;W1T;VT^



M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T

M



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


T0R/B0\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$



@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O



T0R
M/B8C



T0G



3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O


Q
M-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG



@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$








T1B

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXI)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V


Q-C`[/]F
M;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I


#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N



M;&4]
T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXI
M)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@


#PO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`\+W1R/B`-



T0G

@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L

T0G9F]N




#`P


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


T0R/B8C
M
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]




@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
M





M;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL


M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS


M


M

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY2961U8W1I;VYS


3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


Q-C`[
M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS


V-SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R
M87`]


38P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M93TS1#$^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT

T0R/B@U
#@\+V9O;G0^



T0R/BDF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$



@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M



M


38P.SPO
M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@


#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V


#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B

Q
M-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*

M)B
Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@
M(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

7!X

M

7!X
M('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`G/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

T1B;W1T



T0G
M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CY4;W1A;!U

@
M;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A


BPP-SD\+V9O



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT




M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT

M1#(^)#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]


T0R/C
L-SDQ/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D

M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXT+#@W
SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF

M93TS1#(^)B

M;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[

P
#`P
#`G/B8C




W!X(&1O
M=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B

P
#`P
#`G/B8C


T0G

#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@

P
#`P
#`G/B8C









38P

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$



M87(@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LS
2P@
C`Q


@96YD960@2F%N

38P.S$L(#(P



XX(&UI;&QI;VX@86YD(0Q(&UI;&QI;VX@870@1&5C96UB97(F
M(S$V
#LR.2P@
C`Q
B!A;F0@1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LS
2P@
C`Q


T0R/DEN

@9F]R('=H:6-H(&ET

M;W5N='

M97AT('1W96QV92!M;VYT:'
N(%=E(&5S=&EM871E('1H870@:70@:7









'!X




#@@=&AR
M;W5G:`R,#$R+B!4:&4@26]W80T*(`@:G5R:7-D:6-T:6]N(')E;6%I;G
@
!Y96%R<R`R
#`Y

C`Q










]






'!X


X
C$R.T5-4$Q/645%(%)%5$E214U%3E0@






X
C$W.W
@96QI9VEB


@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(F
M(S$V
#LR.2P@
C`Q
B!A;F0@1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LS
2P@
C`Q
2!A;F0@




M

T0G9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CY792!A;'-O(&-O;G1R:6)U
M=&4@=&\@;VYE('5N:6]N+61E9FEN960@8V]N=')I8G5T:6]N(')E=&ER96UE
M;G0-B`@('!L86X@=VAI8V@@=&]T86QE9`D-#`L,#`P+`D
S$L
#`P+`D
M,C$L,#`P(&%N9`D
3DL

@96YD960@1&5C96UB
M97(F(S$V
#LR.2P@
C`Q
B!A;F0@1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LS
2P@
C`Q
2!A

#LQ
M+`R,#$Q(&%N9!*=6YE)B
Q-C`[
C8L(#(P
3`N(#PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H\

X
#AA







]

T1)1#!%344^

M=&EO;G



]





24

M1%1$(%A(5$U
(#$N

M;W1T;VTZ


X
C$R.U)%3$%4140@4$%2

M








@5BP@3$Q#+B!4:&4@

@;6EL;&EO;BP@)#$N

Q-C`[
2P@
C`Q

6QE/3-$)V9O
M;G0M9F%M:6QY.G1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;B<@<VEZ93TS1#(^3VX@2G5N928C
M,38P.S(Y+`R
#$P+!-1DD@2&]L9&EN9R!P86ED#0H@(!T:&4@;6%N86=E



M;R`D



24@=')A;G-A8W1I
M;VX@9F5E(AB87-E9!O;B!T:&4@=&]T86P@=F%L=64@;V8@=&AE('1R86YS

M;G






X
#AA-65B7S-A9&1?






]

T1)1#!%344^#0H@(`@(`\



CDL(#(P
M


@86YD($-O;G1I;F=E;F-I97




24

M1%1$(%A(5$U
(#$N

M;BUB;W1T;VTZ


X
C$R.T-/34U)5$U%



@=&EM97




M




38P.S(Y+`R,#$R(&%N9`T*(`@1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LS
2P@
C`Q
M

M
#LQ+`R,#$Q(&%N9!*=6YE)B
Q-C`[
C8L(#(P
3`N(#PO9F]N=#X\+W`^

G!X

'!X/B8C

@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


T0P('=I9'1H/3-$-C@E(&)O



T0X
M.4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$-B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\
M=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^
M#0H@(`\(2TM($5N9!486)L92!(96%D(TM/@T*(`@/$M+2!96=I;B!4
M86)L92!;V1Y(TM/@T*(`@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C8V-E969F/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T1B;W1T;VT^

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@

T0G



@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXR

3XF(S$V


Q-C`[/]F
M;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I


3



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N


M;BUL969T.C$N

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR
M

3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT




@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR

M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T

M)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A







M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T


#!E;3L@=&5X

M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A



@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^#0H@




T0R/CQB/D]T:&5R($=U87)A;G1E97



M:6%L(')E=F5N=64@8F]N9'



M($1E8V5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
CDL(#(P










T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M,CY792!H879E(&5N=&5R960@:6YT;R!S=6)S=&%N=&EA;!P=7)C:&%S90T*

M;F%L(&5G9R!R97%U:7)E;65N='


3@@=&\@







@9G)O;2!O=7(@=&]P(&9I=F4@8V]N

S8N
R!M:6QL:6]N(&EN(#(P
3
L(0R
M-3@N,2!M:6QL:6]N(&EN(#(P,30L#0H@(`D
C4Q+C4@;6EL;&EO;B!I;B`R
M
#$U+`D,C(R+C4@;6EL;&EO;B!I;B`R,#$V+!A;F0@)#(R
BXW(&UI;&QI
M;VX@:6X@
C`Q-RX@5&AE(#(P
3



B4@;V8@;W5R(&%N=&EC:7!A=&5D('1O=&%L(&5G9R!R97%U
M:7)E;65N='
@9F]R('1H92!Y96%R+B!);B!A9&1I=&EO;BP@=V4@:&%V92!C





@:6X@
C`Q
RX@

@


T1M87)G:6XM

T0G9F]N
M=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CX\8CY,96=A;!-

T0G;6%R9VEN




M(&]T:&5R(&1E9F5N9&%N='



M;G




@96=G+6EN9'5S=')Y




M






M(&UA:6X@86-T:6]N.R!T:&4@;VYE('1A9RUA;&]N9R!C87-E('=H97)E('!R



@=6YD97)W87D@:6X@




38P.S$W




M9'5C='
N)B
X







M


#$P+!.871I;VYA;!087-T975R:7IE9!%9V=S+!);F
N(&%N9!.
M871I;VYA;!087-T975R:7IE9!%9V=S+!
3$

M(S@R
C`[3E!%)B
X
C(Q.RD@8V]M;65N8V5D(&QI=&EG871I;VX@86=A:6YS
M=!-:6-H865L($9O;V1S+!);F



@;W(@;&EC96YS97
N

Q-C`[
34L(#(P
3$L($UI8VAA96P@1F]O9'
L($EN8RX@
M8V]M;65N8V5D(&QI=&EG871I;VX@86=A:6YS=!.871I;VYA;!087-T975R
M:7IE9!%9V=S+!);F


L($EN8RXF(S@R


@=V5R92!C;VYS;VQI9&%T960@
M8F5F;W)E('1H92!5+E




N(%1H
M92!V97)D:6-T(&1O97
@;F]T(&%F9F5C=!-:6-H865L($9O;V1S)B,X,C$W
M.R!A8FEL:71Y('1O(&-O;G1I;G5E('!R;V1U8VEN9R!P87-T975R:7IE9!S


3L@86YD(8C.#(R,#MS96QL:6YG+!G


T0R/CQI/DQA


M(%!R;V1U8W1S+!);F,N(&-O;6UE;F-E9!S=6ET(&EN($YE=R!*97)S97D@





N

M8F5T:!C;W5N=&5R8VQA:6UE9!O;B!-87DF(S$V





X
C$W
M.W

3$L



M






6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M
M9F%M:6QY.G1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;B<@<VEZ93TS1#(^/&D^3W1H97(Z/]I






M(S@R






X

PT*



]

M:60]


3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@

M/D1E8RX@
CDL(#(P





24

M5$U
(#$N

CM32$%214A/3$1%4B8C.#(Q-SM3


T0G9F]N





#$R



T1M87)G:6XM

T0G9F]N



M93TS1#(^3VX@1&5C96UB97(F(S$V




X
#AA-65B7S-A9&1?-&(R.5\Y







]

T1)1#!%344^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@

T0Q/C$R


#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^














@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CX-

#M0;&%N
M)B
X
C(Q.RD@=&\@*&$I)B
Q-C`[87-S:7-T('1H92!#;VUP86YY(&%N9!I
M=',@869F:6QI871E9!C;VUP86YI97








@;VX@=&AE(&1A=&4@;V8@9W)A

@;VX@=&AE('1E;G1H(&%N;FEV97)S87)Y(&]F('1H


M960@8GD@=&AE($-O;7!E;G-A=&EO;B!#;VUM:71T964@;V8@=&AE($U&22!(


M:&%N('1H92!F86ER#0H@(!M87)K970@=F%L=64@;V8@=&AE('-H87)E(&]N
M('1H92!D871E('-U8V@@;W!T:6]N(&ES(&=R86YT960N(%1H92!0;&%N(&EN
M8VQU9&5S(&YO;BUQ=6%L:69I960@=&EM92UV97-T:6YG(&%N9!P97)F;W)M
M86YC92UV97-T:6YG(&]P=&EO;G

N

M(&]F(0R+#$R,2PP,#`L(0Q+#DT-RPP

38P.S(Y+`R,#$R(&%N9!$

38P.S
Q+`R,#$Q(&%N9!S:7@@;6]N=&AS(&5N9&5D($IA






@86YD(&-O;7!R96AE


T1F









N



M=&EM92UV97-T:6YG('-T;V-K(&]P=&EO;G

M


M1#(^5&AE('=E:6=H=&5D+6%V97)A9V4@9W)A;G0M9&%T92!F86ER('9A;'5E


M(&EN(#(P
3(L(#(P
3$@86YD(#(P
3`@=6YD97(@=&AE(%!L86X@=V%S#0H@
M(`D-C4Y+C@T+`D-S0U+CDP(&%N9`D-3@U+C@R+!R97-P96-T:79E;'DN

3(@86YD
M(#(P
3$@=V%S(0R+C$@;6EL;&EO;B!A;F0@)#(N,2!M:6QL:6]N.R!N;R!S
M:&%R97,@=F5S=&5D(&EN(#(P,3`N(%1H92!W96EG:'1E9UA=F5R86=E(&=R





Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/'1A8FQE(&-E


M9&5R/3-$


#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0S)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0S)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V


M;&4]
T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,3XR
M,#$R/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M;VTZ

M
#`P


T0Q/C(P
3`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^#0H@
M(`\(2TM($5N9!486)L92!(96%D(TM/@T*(`@/$M+2!96=I;B!486)L
M92!;V1Y(TM/@T*(`@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C8V-E969F/B`-B`@(#QT



M(&EN=&5R97-T(')A=&4\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]




T0Q/B8C
M
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W


2XU
24M
2XX
M-R4\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M


M1#(^
2XU.4\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^(`T*(`@/'1R/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


T0G;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z
2XP
&5M
M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM
2XP
&5M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A




M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$







M8V@@:7








@=&\@8F4@=F%L=65D(&%T('1H92!F86ER

X
C$W.W
@4W1O8VMH;VQD97)S


@:6X@=&AE(&5V96YT




M






@0VQA


X
M

M96%T960@87


M87



#M23TDF(S@R

@82!M:6YI;75M
M(')E='5R;B!O9B!T=V\@=&EM97
N(%1H92!P97)F;W)M86YC92UV97-T:6YG
M(&]P=&EO;G



M('1O(&)E8V]M92!V97-T960@=6YT:6P@82!L:7%U:61I='D@979E;G0@:7
-


M92UV97-T:6YG(&]P=&EO;G

@=&AE('!R

M;G



'!X.R!T



T0Q
#`E



M
T0U
4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@
M(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@
M(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\
M=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\
M=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\
M=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^(`T*(`@/'1R/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@

P
#`P


P
#`P


M9F]R;6%N8V4@5F5S=&EN9SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M



T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3Y796EG

M(`T*(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M
B!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]

M
T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,3Y796EG
M:'1E9T\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3Y796EG

M(`T*(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M
B!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]

M
T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,3Y796EG
M:'1E9T\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF

T0Q/B8C


3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\

3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@
M(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]



3XF(S$V
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@

B!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R
M87`@86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,3YA=F5R86=E/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT

T0Q/B8C

M/3-$
B!V86QI9VX]



@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M


3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&YO

M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

38P.U!R:6-E


3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]


@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$






T0G

M:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


7!X

M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]



M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O
M;'-P86X]

#`P

T0Q

T1B

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@




3XF(S$V

T0Q/B8C
M
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@8V]L



3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(#PO
M='(^#0H@(`\(2TM($5N9!486)L92!(96%D(TM/@T*(`@/$M+2!96=I




#LS
2P@
C`Q
3PO9F]N=#X\+W`^

3XF(S$V


M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N

M
T0R/C0P
2XW
3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R




T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D


BPX-S(N



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]


T0R/B8C
38P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M


T0R/C$Q+#`W
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N
M;W=R87`]


Q-C`[


T1B;W1T


M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^



M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF

M93TS1#(^)#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]


T0R/C4L

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^(`T*(`@/'1R/B`-B`@





3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O


M9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R



M;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG


#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF

M93TS1#(^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL

M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@

M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

Q
M-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N

M
T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]


T0R/C`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\

T0R/B8C
M
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P
M.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS


#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT

M1#(^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS

M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT


T1B

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A;6EL

T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N

M
T0R/B@R



T0R/BDF(S$V

T0Q/B8C
38P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@



M

@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@

T0G
M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXP/]F;VYT

T1B;W1T


M1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]

T0R/C`\



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO
M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT

M1#(^
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B

M(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*






M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT


M:60@(S`P
#`P



#`P

#L\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

#`P
#`P)SXF
M(S$V

#`P
#`P
M)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^(`T*(`@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C8V-E
M969F/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]

T0R/C$X+#$P
M.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D

M/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS


C0L

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*



3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L


M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F

T0R/C0L
S4X+C@V

@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G

@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXX+#DR
SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R
M87`]




T1B;W1T;VT^

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^(`T*(`@/'1R

M=&]M/B8C


P
#`P
#`G/B8C
38P

38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B

P
#`P
#`G/B8C

M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

W!X(&1O
M=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V


Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\
M=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P
M.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

#`P
M


#L\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG


M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@
M(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXW+C8W

@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@
M(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T


M/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/B8C

M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

P
#`P
#`G/B8C

38P
M.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^
M)B

P
#`P
#`G/B8C
38P

M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^


W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V

Q-C`[/]P/@T*
M(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B,Q-C`[
M/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

#`P

T0G8F]R9&5R+71O

M(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C






T0Q
M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^


M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ.PQ,#@\+V9O;G0^/]T


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXT
M
3(N



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


T0R/B8C
M
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]


T0R/C(T+#$W.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!N;W=R87`]


Q
M-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[

T0Q
M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^


M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D


M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@

M;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[

P
#`P
#`G/B8C


M(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M;W`Z
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V


Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T
M9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@
M#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M

M;&4@(S`P
#`P



#L\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@
M(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C


W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
M
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^(`T*(`@/'1R/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

Q
M-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N

M
T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]



@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]


M


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$




#L\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


T0R/B8C
M
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]


T0R/C`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@;F]W


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M93TS1#$^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT

M1#(^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O


#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!N;W=R87`]


Q
M-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[


M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]

M;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P



M
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@
M#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C


W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
M
#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@
M(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C


#`P

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P



P
#`P
#`G/B8C

38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V

#!E

M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M(#PO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS


#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF

M93TS1#(^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/B8C

M9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B

M(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B

M(S`P
#`P



#L\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B,Q-C`[
M/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/B8C



3)P

#L\+W`^

T0Q

T0T)2!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/CQF


@
M;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY&;V]T;F]T92!A;6]U;G1S(&AA=F4@8F5E


X

M.3DT



]
T1R




M1'1H/D1E8RX@
CDL(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@


@4V5G;65N='






@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CX\8CY.3U1%($HF(S@R
3([0E5324Y%4U
@4T5'345.5%









M='


M9'5C='









M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$




@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


@

M='5R:6YG(&9A8VEL:71I97






@87)E(&UA9&4@=&AR




M9&EF9F5R96YC97






M;G


M8V]N8V5N=')A=&EO;G



T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

M('=I9'1H/3-$-C`E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#DE/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#DE/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#DE/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#DE/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*
M(`@/'1D/B8C

T0G9F]N


T0G
M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,3Y#;VUP86YY
M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T1C96YT


#`P

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$

M9VX]



T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]



38P


P
M
#`P

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M



3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^(`T*

3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('-T


M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B


T0G8F]R

#`P

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3Y$96-E;6)E

38P.S

3$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

Q
M-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS



Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@

P
#`P
M




T0Q/B8C
M


@
M;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M(#PO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS




M
T0R/B4F(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXQ
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


T0R/B8C
M
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]


T0R/C$P/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D(&YO

@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N



M;BUL969T.C$N

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY#

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@



@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXQ,SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@

M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL

M


#`P
M


T0R/B4F(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N

@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\



Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/'1A8FQE



M(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,R4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@
M(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\
M=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$,R4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\
M=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,R4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\
M=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M,R4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^(`T*
M(`@/'1R/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M1#$^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

P
#`P
#`G/CQF;VYT

M1#$^16=G)B
Q-C`[4')O9'5C='
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

Q
M-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS


3XF(S$V

T0Q/B8C
M
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@8V]L


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

#`P

M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

P
S@[/&)R

\+V9O;G0^

T0Q
M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A




3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('-T




T0G

M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q

M
T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P

M(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B




#$R/]U/CPO9F]N=#X\
M+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
M

M#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^(`T*(`@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C8V-E969F
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A

T0R/C$U
RPT.#$\+V9O;G0^



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A





T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG


#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R
M87`]




T0G;6%R
M9VEN+6QE9G0Z
2XP
&5M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM
2XP

T0R


M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT

M1#(^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O


3$X+#
S-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT

M1#(^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O


M86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L



M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS




T0R/BDF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M

@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ
S0L
S@Y/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
M



3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O


Q
M-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG


2PU
C(L
S0P/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR
S
L

@
M;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M

@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR
3(L.34S/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ
#8L
38P

@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G

@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR+#`W-2PS-#@\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@

T0R/B8C
38P



T0G9F]N=UF
M86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CY$97!R96-I871I;VX@
M86YD(&%M;W)T:7IA=&EO;CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]


T0R/B8C
38P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M



3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N
M;W=R87`]


Q-C`[


T1B


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O



M/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS


MB`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT

M1#(^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O


M86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@
M(#PO='(^(`T*(`@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C8V-E969F/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
'!E
M;F1I='5R97
\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXS



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A;6EL


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXR+#(P
3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@



M:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A




@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^(`T*



#$Q/]U
M/CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T

#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]

Q-C`[/]F;VYT
M/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@
M(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^(`T*(`@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
M
T0C8V-E969F/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]



M/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS

@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXT
#`L


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

M
T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T



3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L


M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F

T0R/C$L-S8V+#4X
M.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`\+W1R


3XF(S$V


Q-C`[/]F;VYT
M/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT




M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0Q
M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^


M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ.PQ,S$\+V9O;G0^/]T


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXQ,38L,38P/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^(`T*(`@/'1R(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C8V-E969F/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


T1B;W1T;VT^



M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V




T0G9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXR,C4L-S(X/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O



M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V




T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M



M
T0R/B8C


M
T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CY$97!R
M96-I871I;VX@86YD(&%M;W)T:7IA=&EO;CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

Q
M-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N

M
T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]



SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT

M1#(^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O


M86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L



3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D


M=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@



T0G9F]N=UF
M86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^(`T*(`@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C8V-E969F/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
'!E;F1I='5R97
\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M

@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXT
BPU.#D\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@

T0R/B8C
38P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F


@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N

@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ+#$U.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
M



3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T

M-#4L
C

M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@
M(#PO='(^(`T*(`@/'1R/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^#0H@(`\



M(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

#L\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

Q-C`[/]F
M;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`\+W1R/B`-B`@

T0G;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z
2XP
&5M.R!T97AT+6EN
M9&5N=#HM
2XP



T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L

T0G9F]N
M=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXU.#8L.#8P/]F

T1B


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXD/]F;VYT/CPO
M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF

M93TS1#(^-S$L


M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

T0Q/B8C
M
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O



3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L


M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F

T0R/C`\+V9O;G0^



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A





T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
MB`@(#PO='(^(`T*(`@/'1R/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^#0H@

M;G0^/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXT.2PV
M



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]


T0R/B8C
38P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M


T0R/C0L
SDY/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D(&YO

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXW+#`W
CPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@



T0G9F]N=UF
M86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXI)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT
M/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS



@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V



M(#PO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS


2PU-C@L-S

@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXR-#@L.3


M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0Q
M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^


M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXQ


M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

T0Q/B8C
M
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O


M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR+#$V-PP.3@\+V9O;G0^/]T


M;BUL969T.C$N

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY$

3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT

M1#(^-2PU



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

Q-C`[

T0R
M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]


T0R/C0L
#(W/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N

@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N


M;BUL969T.C$N

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY#


M;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL


3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D






T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO
M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F

T0R/B8C
38P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R


T0R/C8P-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
M



3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T

M

M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@

!S;VQI9`C,#`P,#`P)SX\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\




Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS

3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@

7!X('-O;&ED


3XF(S$V
M




Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG

3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\

7!X('-O


3XF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T



Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A

3XF(S$V

7!X

Q-C`[
M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS

M
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M




M;G0Z+3$N


M#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

#L\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

Q-C`[
M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@
M(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M
T0G;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z
2XP
&5M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM
2XP
&5M)SX\



M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

Q
M-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N

M
T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L



M;&4]

@
M;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A



@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N
M=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXD/]F;VYT/CPO

M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF

M93TS1#(^)#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]


T0R/C`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@

T0R/B8C
38P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

T0G9F]N=UF
M86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXW-#,L.3DU/]F;VYT

T1B;W1T

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^(`T*(`@
M/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C8V-E969F/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^

M+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXV


M;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL


M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS

3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


Q-C`[
M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS


M;W=R87`]


38P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F

T0R/C$T+#(S-#PO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`\+W1R/B`-



T0R/B8C
M
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]


T0R/CDS-BPW
S@\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\

T0R/B8C
M
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]



M/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS




T0G
M;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z
2XP
&5M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM
2XP
&5M)SX\9F]N

M

M/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG


C
L

@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXQ


T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O



M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V



M9VX]


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N



#!E

M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$



M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF

M93TS1#(^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O




M
T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]

T0R
M/C0S
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@

M;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG


C(L

@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V


M;W1T;VTZ
'!X/B8C


S@P.&$U96)?
V%D9%\T8C(Y7SDX
#5?-S=E
M-V$Y
#
Y.30S#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S
X
#AA


M965T

M(G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%5$$@:'1T


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@




3XQ
B!-;VYT:'

M
C`Q

]



]

M($E.1D]234%424]./]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\
M(2TM1$]#5%E012!H=&UL(%!50DQ)0R`B+2\O5S-#+R]$5$0@6$A434P@
2XP

M;#$O1%1$+WAH=&UL







@:7
@;F]T(&9U;&P@86YD('5N8V]N
M9&ET:6]N86P@87





M97





'!X.R!T




M971S(&%S(&]F($1E8V5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
CDL(#(P
3(@86YD($1E8V5M8F5R
M)B
Q-C`[
S$L(#(P





M928C



L('1H92!F:6YA

@1W)O=7`L


M=6)S:61I87)I97


#$P('!E





7!X.VUA


#L\+W`^#0H@


'!X







M
#LR.2P@
C`Q


T1C96YT97(^


I(#PO8CX\+V9O





M

M:#TS1#4V)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9#XF(S$V

M/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]

T1C96YT97(@


#`P

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
3Y#;W)P;W)A=&4\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M


3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@
M#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]



#`P
#`P)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A;6EL

T0Q/DYO;BU'=6%R86YT;W(\8G(@
M+SY3=6)S:61I87)Y/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,3Y%;&EM:6YA=&EO;G,\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@


#`P

T0Q/D-O;G-O
M;&ED871E9#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`\+W1R/@T*
M(`@/$M+2!%;F0@5&%B;&4@2&5A9`M+3X-B`@(#PA+2T@0F5G:6X@5&%B


T1B;W1T;VT^

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
M
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@

#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO
M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^(`T*(`@/'1R/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

M='
\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

#L\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@
M#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C



@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXT
RPR-S0\+V9O



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT




M86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXD
M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS


#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
M




T0G;6%R9VEN+6QE
M9G0Z
RXP
&5M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM
2XP

T0R/D%C8V]U







M;&4]

@
M;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\

M

M

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXI)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


Q-C`[
M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS


38T+#`R-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N
M;W=R87`]


Q-C`[


M/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS


30U+#`Q
3PO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@




T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

Q
M-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N

M
T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]


T0R/C`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\

T0R/B8C
M
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]

T0R/C$U
RPQ



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@/]T

#!E

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$,CY);F-O;64@=&%X97,\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXT+#`S-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@

3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@



M/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS



M86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@
M(#PO='(^(`T*(`@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C8V-E969F/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]



T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G

@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0Q
M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^


M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXY+#4Y.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF

M93TS1#(^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O



M;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL


T1B;W1T

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^(`T*(`@

M8F]T=&]M/B8C

#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\
M+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`\

#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
M
#L\+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L

Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO






M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T

T1B


T0G8F]R9&5R

#`P


T0G8F]R

#`P

M9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^(`T*(`@/'1R/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M

@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXT+#`S-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N
M;W=R87`]


Q-C`[

3XF(S$V


Q-C`[/]F
M;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I




T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M1#$^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A

T0R/B@U



T0R/BDF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$


M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-B`@(#PO='(^(`T*(`@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C8V-E969F/B`-B`@





3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT

M1#(^
C4S+#8P-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R




T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

M;&4]

M


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$



T0G
M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^(`T*(`@/'1R/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]

@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@

T0G
M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXP/]F;VYT

T1B;W1T


M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^





@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT

M1#(^
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@



M
T0G;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z
2XP
&5M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM
2XP
&5M)SX\




@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L

T0G9F]N
M=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXX,#4L,38Q/]F

T1B


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O




T0G9F]N

@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

T0G9F]N=UF
M86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXP/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O



M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V





M969T.C$N

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY);G9E




M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL


M;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL


T1B

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXI)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V


Q-C`[/]F
M;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I


#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N



#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L

Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO






M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T

T1B


T0G8F]R9&5R

#`P


T0G8F]R

#`P


P
#`P
#`G/B8C
M


P
#`P
#`G
M/B8C

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

T0G;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z-2XP
M
&5M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM
2XP
&5M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT



@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ+#8R
M-2PX-3



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


T0R/B0\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$



M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR-RPX-C
\+V9O;G0^



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A





T0G9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXI)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO
M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF

M93TS1#(^)#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]


T0R/C(L

T.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT

M1#(^)B

M(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B

P
#`P
#`G/B8C


W!X(&1O=6)L
M92`C
#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B

P
#`P
#`G/B8C


W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
M
#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B

P
#`P
#`G/B8C



M;BUL969T.C$N

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY


M;G0^/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/B8C

#L\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C


#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO
M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

#L\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C


T0G;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z
RXP
&5M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM
2XP
M





@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ
M


M;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL

@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXX+#@V-SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R
M87`]



3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]

T0R/C`\+V9O



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT

T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H


T0R/C$Y+#@S
SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
M



F4],T0Q/B8C,38P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G
M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$




@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

T0G9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXY-BPS-#(\+V9O;G0^/]T


T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M



M;&4]
T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXI
M)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@


M

@
M;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(#PO




M1#$^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A


M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@



T0G9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T

M
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D


T0G8F]R9&5R+71O

#`P


T0G8F]R9&5R

#`P


P
#`P
#`G/B8C
38P

P
#`P
#`G/B8C
M


#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V


#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[


Q-C`[/]P
M/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C


7!X('-O;&ED



@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXS-BPW.#D\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@


M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL


M;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL


M

@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@

T0G
M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXH-3,T/]F

T1B

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXI)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V


Q-C`[/]F
M;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I


C(V+#$P.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R
M87`]






3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T


T1N;W=R87`@




M;&4]

@
M;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\

M


M;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL



M;&4]
T0G;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z
2XP
&5M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM
2XP
&5M





T1B;W1T;VT^



M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V




T0G9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXQ,C$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@


M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL


#!E;3L@

M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M;&EA8FEL:71I97
\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N

@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXV+#DW.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
M



3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T

M
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D

M/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS




T0R/B8C



@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL


M;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL


M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS


M/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS


M
T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXI)B,Q
M-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D


SDY+#0Y
M-SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`\+W1R

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*

M)B
Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@
M#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M

M;W`Z

M(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]





M:60@(S`P
#`P



#`P

P
#`P
#`G/B8C

P
#`P
#`G/B8C

MB`@(#PO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`\+W1R/B`-B`@

T0G
M;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z
2XP
&5M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM
2XP
&5M)SX\9F]N

M

M

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A




@
M;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR+#`R
2PP

T0R
M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@

T0G


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXH
2PU.3DL
S8X/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D(&YO=W)A

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B


M;&4]


W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
M
#L\+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

P
#`P
#`G/B8C


M


W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\
M+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

P
#`P
#`G/B8C



T0G



W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^
M#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#MM87)G:6XM=&]P.C$P<'@[;6%R9VEN


T1M87)G:6XM

M;&4]
F4],T0R/CQB/D-O;F1E;G-E9!#;VYS;VQI9&%T:6YG($)A

38P.S
!A;&EG;CTS1&-E;G1E<CX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F

T0R/CQB/BA5;F%U


T0P('=I9'1H/3-$
3`P)2!B;W)D97(]
T0P('-T

T1C96YT97(^#0H@(`\(2TM($)E9VEN(%1A8FQE($AE
M860@+2T^#0H@(`\='(^(`T*(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-38E/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P
M.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*


T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M1#$^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O


3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R


P
#`P
M



M
T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D



M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
M

7!X

M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`\(2TM($5N9!486)L



M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
M

M#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

#L\+W1D/@T*

M+3$N



M1#$^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(#PO='(^(`T*(`@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C8V-E969F/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M;F0@97%U:79A;&5N='
\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G
M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXD/]F;VYT

M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT

M1#(^)#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]


T0R/C8X+#$Q.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!N;W=R87`]


Q
M-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N



@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXP

@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G
M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXD/]F;VYT


T0G9F]N=UF
M86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^(`T*(`@/'1R/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1T


M/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS


3
Y+#$P
3PO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@




T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

Q
M-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N

M
T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]


T0R/B@Q+#`P-SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT

M1#(^*28C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]

T0R
M/C$T



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*

N
M

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$




M/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS



T1B


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O




T0G9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXQ-3@L-3(R/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^(`T*(`@/'1R/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@



T0G9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXV-#8\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@


M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL



T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^(`T*(`@/'1R(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C8V-E969F/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M;G0^/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N

@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ

3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT

M1#(^
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@


M


38P.SPO
M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@


#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V


#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B

Q
M-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*

M)B
Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@
M(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

7!X

M

M
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]





M(S`P
#`P


M:60@(S`P
#`P

M

M='
\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


T0R/B8C
M
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]


T0R/C
V.2PS-34\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\

T0R/B8C
M
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]

T0R/C$R+#8P
M-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D


T0G
M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXI)B,Q-C`[
M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A



M9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`\+W1R/B`-

M=&]P/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

#L\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

Q-C`[/]F
M;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@
M#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M(S$V





T0Q/B8C
38P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXP/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR.#$L
C$T

@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G

@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R
M87`]



3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT

M1#(^
C@X+#DV-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R






3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


Q-C`[
M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS


#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N
M;W=R87`]


Q-C`[




M969T.C$N

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY);G1A

M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT

M1#(^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O


MB`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT

M1#(^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O


M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T

M)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A


#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N
M;W=R87`]


Q-C`[




T0R/BDF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G

@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXV-#`L
S$Y/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D(&YO

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\




@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

T0G9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXX,S0L-C0S/]F;VYT/CPO

T1B;W1T;VT^



M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V



M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT

M1#(^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O


#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!N;W=R87`]


Q
M-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N



T0G9F]N

38P.SPO=&0^(`T*


#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT


#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q


Q-C`[
M/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

7!X('-O;&ED

7!X('-O

#L\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



#`P
M


M
#`P

M9#X-B`@(#PO='(^(`T*(`@/'1R/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^


3XF(S$V


MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]

T0R
M/C(L
#@X+#(Q
SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R




3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT

T0R/B@Q+#8V
BPX-#
\



T0R/BDF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G
M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXD/]F;VYT


T0G9F]N

38P.SPO=&0^(`T*


Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\

P
#`P
#`G/B8C


Q-C`[

P
#`P
#`G/B8C
M


Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@

P
#`P
#`G/B8C

M/'1D/B8C


P
#`P
#`G/B8C
38P


Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L

P
#`P
#`G/B8C

M/B8C


T0G
M;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z
2XP
&5M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM
2XP
&5M)SX\9F]N

M

T1B;W1T

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T

#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]

Q-C`[/]F;VYT
M/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@
M(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^(`T*(`@/'1R/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]


M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
M

M#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B



M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@


T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG



T0R/B8C
38P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


3XF(S$V


MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]

T0R



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]


T0R/B0\+V9O





T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N






3XF(S$V


Q-C`[/]F
M;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I



@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

M
T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T


M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXS+#`X.#PO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@



T0G9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXI)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO
M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF

M93TS1#(^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^(`T*(`@/'1R(&)G
M8V]L;W(],T0C8V-E969F/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^#0H@(`\




M93TS1#$^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT

T0R/C(P+#(Q
CPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@




@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT

M1#(^
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@


M


38P.SPO
M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@


#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V


#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B

Q
M-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*

M)B
Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@
M(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

7!X

M

M
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]





M(S`P
#`P


M:60@(S`P
#`P

M



M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF

M93TS1#(^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O


38Q+#8W-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF

M93TS1#(^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O




M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL




T0R/B8C

#!E

M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY



@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXQ+#(R,BPS-C4\+V9O;G0^/]T



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

Q
M-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N

M
T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]


T0R/C$X+#@R-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT

M1#(^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O




T0R/BDF(S$V

T0Q/B8C
38P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ+#(T
PY.3,\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@


M969T.C$N

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY$969E

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N


M:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A


C8W+#
X
#PO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T


M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF

M93TS1#(^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O


#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T

M)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\

T0G;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z
2XP
&5M
M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM
2XP
&5M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A




M;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG


#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF

M93TS1#(^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O


3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O


Q
M-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG


#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R
M87`]




T1B;W1T

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^(`T*(`@
M/'1R/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

T0G9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXT,C,L.38S/]F;VYT/CPO

T1B;W1T;VT^



M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V




T0G9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T




T0R/BDF(S$V

T0Q/B8C
38P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXT
C

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(S$V

#L\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



#`P
M


M
#`P

M9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@

P
#`P
#`G/B8C

P
#`P
#`G/B8C

38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`\

#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
M

#`P
#`P)SXF
M(S$V
#L\+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L

Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@

Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\
M=&0^)B


M93TS1#(^5&]T86P@;&EA8FEL:71I97
@86YD('-H87)E:&]L9&5R)B
X
C$W
M.W

3XF(S$V


M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N

M
T0R/C$L-C@X+#(T-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N



3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]

T0R/C(W+#(T
M
3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D

@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS



@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

M(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


#`P



M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]

M;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P



M
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


#`P

M/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(`@/'`@


M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M

M;&4@(S`P
#`P



#L\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


#`P


M;&4]








M;BUT;W`Z

'!X(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQF

6QE

T1C




T1C96YT97(^/&9O


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M



M;W`Z

'!X/B8C

M($)E9VEN(%1A8FQE($AE860@+2T^#0H@(`\='(^(`T*(`@/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$-38E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#,E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*
M(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#,E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*
M(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@
M/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#,E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@
M/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#,E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@
M/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#,E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C

#`P
#`P)SX\9F]N

M

T1B

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@

P
#`P


3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M



#`P



MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

Q-C`[

P
#`P


M:61A=&5D/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^#0H@
M(`\(2TM($5N9!486)L92!(96%D(TM/@T*(`@/$M+2!96=I;B!486)L
M92!;V1Y(TM/@T*(`@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C8V-E969F/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]


M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS



@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXQ+#@Q
BPW
3



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M




@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH-2PW
#8\



T0R/BDF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G
M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXD/]F;VYT


T0G9F]N
M=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^(`T*(`@/'1R/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M


M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS


M;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG



@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXH-2PW



T0R/BDF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0Q
M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^


M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$



7!X/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
M
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@(#QP('-T




M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M

M9`C,#`P,#`P)SXF(S$V,#L\+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]

M;VQI9`C,#`P,#`P)SXF(S$V,#L\+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T

T0G

#`P

M

#`P

M(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

P
#`P
M
#`G/B8C


P
M
#`P
#`G/B8C

38P.SPO
M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@


#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V


#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V


N

@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

T0Q/B8C
M
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O


M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXP/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXS
3(L
M

@
M;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M

@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH-#DR/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D(&YO

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B
Q-C`[

3XF(S$V


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO
M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF

M93TS1#(^
S$Q+#4U
SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N





M

@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@

T0G

M


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$


M;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG


#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF

M93TS1#(^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O





M(S`P
#`P


M:60@(S`P
#`P

P
#`P
#`G/B8C

P
#`P
#`G/B8C


#`P
#`P
M)SXF(S$V

#`P
M
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\


Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@
M#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@(#QP






M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@




M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS




T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@/]T

#!E



@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

T0G9F]N=UF
M86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXU-PX




T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A

T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\


T0R/C
T+#`Q
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N






M/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS


T0G
M;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z
2XP
&5M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM
2XP
&5M)SX\9F]N

M

\
M+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXP

@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G

@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH-#0P/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D(&YO=W)A

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B

3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT

M1#(^
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@

T1F;VYT

7!X/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M;W`Z




M(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@




#`P



#`P

P
#`P
#`G/B8C


P
#`P
#`G/B8C
38P.SPO


M
#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V

#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
M





@;V8@=6YC;VYS


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXH-34L,#4Q/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M,CXI)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T

M
3`T+#
U.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@




M;&4]
T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXI
M)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@


#PO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T



T0G9F]N
M=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^(`T*(`@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C8V-E969F
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

\+V9O
M;G0^/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


M/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

T0G9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXP/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^(`T*(`@/'1R/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

Q-C`[

T0R
M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]


T0R/B@R
PY,C$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@


M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

M;&4]


M;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL


T0G

@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L

T0G9F]N
M=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXP/]F;VYT/CPO

T1B;W1T;VT^



M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V





T0G

@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@

T0G
M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXP/]F;VYT

T1B;W1T


M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^



M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF

M93TS1#(^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O


#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T

M)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\

3XF(S$V


Q-C`[/]F
M;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I





T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N

M(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A

P
#`P
#`G/B8C


P
#`P
#`G/B8C

M/'1D/B8C

#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^

#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\
M+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^






M(#PO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

T1B;W1T


@
M;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY.970@96%R;FEN9W


3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT

T0R/C
P+#`Y-#PO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@

M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT

M1#(^)#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]


T0R/B@T+#@W
3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!N;W=R87`]


M
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L

T0G9F]N
M=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXH-3DL,S4S/]F

T1B

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXI)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V


M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\


T0R/C
P+#`Y-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N



#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

P
#`P
#`G/B8C


M


W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\
M+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

P
#`P
#`G/B8C



T0G



W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^
M#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

P
M
#`P
#`G/B8C



M;&4]


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A


S`L
#DT/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]



T1B


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXD/]F;VYT/CPO
M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF

M93TS1#(^*#4L


M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B



M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D




@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^

M='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@

#`P


#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]

#`P


T0G8F]R9&5R

M(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

#`P


#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

#`P

T0G8F]R9&5R+71O

M(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


#`P






3!P




'!X(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N




'!X





'!X(&%L:6=N/3-$


M(#
!A;&EG;CTS1&-E;G1E<CX\


T0R/@T*(`@/&(^*%5N875D:71E9P@:6X@=&AO=7-A;F1S*2`\+V(^

M
T0Q



M=VED=&@]
T0U-B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
R4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@
M#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
R4^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@
M#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$
R4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@
M#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@
M(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
R4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@
M#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@
M(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$
R4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@
M(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(#PO

3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@
M(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N


3XF(S$V

T0Q/B8C
38P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M;CTS1#(@86QI9VX]

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P

M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3Y'=6%R86YT;W(\8G(@+SY3=6)S
M:61I87)I97
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]


B!N;W=R
M87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O

#`P

M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
M

7!X

M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]


M

#`P

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3Y#
M;VYS;VQI9&%T960\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@/]T



M969T.C$N

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY.970@

\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*

3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


M=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H


T0R/C$L-S(U+#@V
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R
M87`]



3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]

T0R/B@Q
M
BPU



T0R/BDF(S$V

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M;&4]


M
T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^(`T*(`@/'1R/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]




M/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS


3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D



@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G

@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH
3(L-3
Y/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D(&YO

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B
Q-C`[

M


M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

#`P
#`P)SXF
M(S$V

#`P
#`P
M)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@

Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\

Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@
M(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
M
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@(#QP('-T




M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M

M9`C,#`P,#`P)SXF(S$V,#L\+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]

M;VQI9`C,#`P,#`P)SXF(S$V,#L\+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T

T0G

#`P

M

#`P

M(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^(`T*(`@
M/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C8V-E969F/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^


3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT

M1#(^

SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R





M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL


#!E;3L@

M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O



M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V




T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXR+#@W,SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@

3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@


#PO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T






#`P

T0G8F]R9&5R+71O

#`P


P
#`P
#`G/B8C
38P.SPO

P
#`P
#`G/B8C
38P


#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V

#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B

Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@

Q-C`[/]P/@T*
M(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C






M
T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXI)B,Q
M-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D


3(Q+#8T
M-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D



@
M;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M;G0^/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXW.2PP
M



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]


T0R/B8C
38P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M


T0R/C$W+#8R-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N
M;W=R87`]


Q-C`[


M;&]R/3-$(V-C965F9CX@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@/'`@

T0G;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z
2XP
&5M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM
2XP
M




\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$


M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

T0Q/B8C
38P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXS.3`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\

T0R/B8C
M
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]

T0R/C`\+V9O



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT

T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H





T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

Q
M-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N

M
T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]


T0R/C
Y
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T

M)B


M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A;6EL

T0R/C

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M

@
M;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M

@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXP/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D(&YO=W)A

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

M
T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T


M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXS+#4R-SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@



M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*






M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@

T1B;W1T;VT^



#`P

T0G8F]R9&5R+71O

#`P


P
#`P
#`G/B8C
38P.SPO

P
#`P
#`G/B8C
38P


T0G;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z
RXP
&5M.R!T
M97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM
2XP
&5M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A;6EL


M97


M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

Q
M-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N

M
T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]




M
T0R/BDF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXQ
#
L-C


M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

T0Q/B8C
38P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH

T0R
M/BDF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXP

@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G

@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

#!E;3L@

M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M9W


3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T


M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B

M:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A


M9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO
M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F

T0R/B8C
38P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R





T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


M969T.C$N

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY);F-O

M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT

M1#(^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O


Y+#(X-SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT

M1#(^*28C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]

T0R
M/C
X+#4X
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@




M
T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXI)B,Q
M-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D


#PO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@



M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


T0Q/B8C
38P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXP/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXU
CD\+V9O



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT

T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H





T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

Q
M-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N

M
T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]


T0R/C`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\

T0R/B8C
M
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]

T0R/C4R.3PO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`\+W1R/B`-

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B

Q
M-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*

M)B
Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@
M(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

7!X

M

M
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]





M(S`P
#`P


M:60@(S`P
#`P

P
#`P
#`G/B8C

P
#`P
#`G/B8C

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`\+W1R/B`-B`@(#QT

T0G;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z-2XP
&5M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N
M=#HM
2XP



@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG


30L

@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N=UF
M86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^


T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG



@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B
Q
M-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N





T0R/BDF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N
M=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXD/]F;VYT/CPO


T0G9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T


Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L

P
#`P
#`G/B8C

M/B8C


P
#`P
#`G/B8C
38P.SPO


Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

P
#`P
#`G/B8C

M


Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@

P
#`P
#`G/B8C

MB`@(#PO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C

Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

P
#`P
#`G/B8C

38P

T0G;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z-2XP
&5M.R!T97AT
M+6EN9&5N=#HM
2XP


T0R/D-O;7!R96AE;G-I=F4@:6YC;VUE
M(AL;W-S*3PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A






T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

Q-C`[

T0R
M/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N



M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH
2PY
C$\+V9O;G0^



T0R/BDF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N=UF
M86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^

@
M;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ
RPR
S(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\

T0R/B8C
M

M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

#`P


T1B;W1T

M
#`P

M9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@

MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

#`P


T1B;W1T;VT^

#`P
M

M#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D


#`P




T0G


T1C96YT97(^/&9O


;W-S*2`\



M


38P.S$L(#(P
3$@



T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!W:61T:#TS1#$P,4@8F]R
M9&5R/3-$


#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0S)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0S
M)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0S)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0S)3XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V

M;&4]


M
#`P



M9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M93TS1#$^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O


3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M


M
#`P

@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3Y%;&EM:6YA=&EO;G
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M1#$^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O


T0G;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z
2XP
&5M
M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM
2XP
&5M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A


T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L

T0G9F]N
M=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXP/]F;VYT/CPO

T1B;W1T;VT^



M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T

M.#0P+#
P-SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@



M:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A

T0R/B@Y+#`R-CPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A





T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
MB`@(#PO='(^(`T*(`@/'1R/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^#0H@




#



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

Q-C`[

T0R
M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]



T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T

M)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\

M9VX]

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXI)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O


Q
M-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG


CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!N;W=R87`]


Q

#L\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B


Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T
M9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@



#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]


M;&4]

#`P

M/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(`@/'`@


#`P


P
#`P
#`G/B8C


P
#`P
#`G/B8C

M


T0G;6%R
M9VEN+6QE9G0Z
RXP
&5M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM
2XP

T0R





T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A;6EL

T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N

M
T0R/C$L


M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

T0Q/B8C
38P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXP/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ


@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^



M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^




T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXW-PT

T0R
M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]

T0R/C$L

@
M;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M

@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXP/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D(&YO=W)A

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

M
T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T


M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXW-BPP.#4\+V9O;G0^



T0R/B8C

P
#`P
#`G/B8C
38P.SPO

P
#`P
#`G/B8C
38P


#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V

#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B

Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@

Q-C`[/]P/@T*
M(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C



#L\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



M




M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF

M93TS1#(^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O


W.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT

M1#(^*28C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]

T0R



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]


T0R/B8C
38P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M


T0R/C4U+#
X.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N
M;W=R87`]


Q-C`[


M

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A

T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\


T0R/C4R+#
Q-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N




3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O


Q
M-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG


#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R
M87`]




T1B;W1T

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^(`T*(`@
M/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C8V-E969F/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^



M/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS



M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V



M86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L



T0G

@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L

T0G9F]N
M=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXH-S,X/]F;VYT

T1B;W1T

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXI)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`\+W1R/B`-B`@



#`P



#`P


P
#`P
#`G/B8C


P
#`P
#`G/B8C

M/B8C

#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^#0H@

#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^
M#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*









M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N





T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^(`T*(`@/'1R(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C8V-E969F/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M=6)S:61I87)I97
\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N

@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M1#$^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A

T0R/B@Q+#$T.3PO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A

T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\





T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

Q-C`[

T0R
M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]


T0R/B@S-PW,#@\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@


M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

M;&4]

M

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^
M(`T*(`@/'1R/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F

T0R/B@Q.2PW
S4\



T0R/BDF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G

@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ.2PU-#8\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@;F]W


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M93TS1#$^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT

T0R/B@V
#PO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A

T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\





T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

Q-C`[

T0R
M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]


T0R/B@R-#D\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\

T0R/BDF
M(S$V



M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@


M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT

M1#(^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O


C(X/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N

@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$


M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

T0Q/B8C
M
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O


M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR

T0R
M/B8C

P
#`P
#`G/B8C

P
#`P
#`G/B8C


#`P
#`P
M)SXF(S$V

#`P
M
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\


Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@
M#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@(#QP




M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]

M;VQI9`C,#`P,#`P)SXF(S$V,#L\+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

#!E

M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY.970@96%R;FEN9W
@


3XF(S$V


MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]

T0R
M/C
L

M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M;&4]


T0G

@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS



@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXI)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@





T0R/BDF(S$V

T0Q/B8C
38P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@



T1F;VYT

7!X/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M;W`Z
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V


Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T
M9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P)SXF
M(S$V

Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@
M#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@


Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@
M#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@(#QP

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
M

M)B
Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@
M(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

W!X
M(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT


Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@
M(`\=&0^)B




M:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A

T0R/C
L

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*

M86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXD
M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS


C0R/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D(&YO

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B
Q-C`[

#@\+V9O;G0^



T0R/BDF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N=UF
M86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^


7!X/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
M
#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V

Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^


W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V

Q-C`[/]P/@T*
M(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
M
#`P)SXF(S$V

Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*


W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V


Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@
M/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/B8C

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P
M)SXF(S$V

Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B



'!X/B8C

@
M;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$



M;BUB;W1T;VTZ






M


M=&AS($5N9&5D($IU;F4F(S$V
#LR-BP@
C`Q


M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$




M
'!X/B8C

M#0H@(`\='(^(`T*(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-3@E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#,E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*
M(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#,E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*
M(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#,E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*
M(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@
M/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#,E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@
M/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#,E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@
M/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D
M/B8C


#`P
#`P)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A;6EL


M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\

P
#`P
#`G/CQF;VYT('-T


3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O

M
T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T




#`P

T0Q/D5L

T1B;W1T

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D

P
#`P


M8V]L;W(]
T0C8V-E969F/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXW

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*

M86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXD
M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS


#`V/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D(&YO

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B
Q-C`[




@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M

3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


Q-C`[
M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS


#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
M



3XF(S$V


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO
M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF

M93TS1#(^


M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

T0Q/B8C
M
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O


M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH.PP,#8\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@


M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V




T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-


M
#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V

#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B


Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@
M/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/B8C



#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]


MB`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(`@/'`@


#`P



#`P

T0C8V-E969F/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]



3XF(S$V


Q-C`[/]F
M;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I


3(X+#@V
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R
M87`]







M.C$N

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY396QL:6YG





T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A;6EL

T0R/C$L-C

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M

@
M;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M

@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ
#(L
C@S/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
M


M93TS1#(^5')A;G-A8W1I;VX@8V]S='

T0Q/B8C
38P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXP/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$




M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL


#`P
M


M
#`P

M9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@

P
#`P
#`G/B8C

P
#`P
#`G/B8C

38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`\

#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
M

#`P
#`P)SXF
M(S$V
#L\+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L

Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@

Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\
M=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P







@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M



M

@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@

T0G


M/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS


#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT

M1#(^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O


M86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@
M(#PO='(^(`T*(`@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C8V-E969F/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@


3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT


M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M;&4]

@
M;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXP/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D(&YO

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXS



@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CY

M;G0^/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXV+#
X
M.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D


T0G

@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L

T0G9F]N
M=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXP/]F;VYT/CPO

T1B;W1T;VT^



M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V



M86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L



T1F

7!X/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*






M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@

T1B;W1T;VT^



#`P

T0G8F]R9&5R+71O

#`P


P
#`P
#`G/B8C
38P.SPO

P
#`P
#`G/B8C
38P


#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V

#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF
M(S$V



N

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CY


I(&]F('-U

M/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG


3PO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT

T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H



@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

T0G9F]N=UF
M86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXH-#0\+V9O;G0^/]T


M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V



M86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L



M;&4]

T0G;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z
M
2XP
&5M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM
2XP
&5M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F



M/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG


M=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT

T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H


T0R/C


M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

T0Q/B8C
M
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O


M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXP/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR
RPY



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]


T0R/B8C
38P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M





T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N


M;BUL969T.C$N

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY)
M;F-O;64@=&%X(&)E;F5F:70\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M

@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH
RPV
C4\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@

T0R/BDF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH
3`L
#8U

@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D


T0G9F]N
M=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXI)B,Q-C`[/]F
M;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG


#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF

M93TS1#(^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O



@
M;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M;&4]

@
M;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXP/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D(&YO

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXU.3PO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@


M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T

M)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A


#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N
M;W=R87`]


Q-C`[



7!X/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
M
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@(#QP('-T




M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M

M9`C,#`P,#`P)SXF(S$V,#L\+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]

M;VQI9`C,#`P,#`P)SXF(S$V,#L\+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T

T0G

#`P

M

#`P

M(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

P
#`P
M
#`G/B8C


P
M
#`P
#`G/B8C

38P.SPO
M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@


#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V


#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V



@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY.970@96%R;FEN9W


M/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A;6EL

T0R/B@S-PR.#,\+V9O;G0^/]T


M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T

M*#(S+#DX-SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

Q-C`[

T0R
M/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N


M;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A;6EL

T0R/C(S+#DU-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF

M93TS1#(^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL




T0R/BDF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T

M
#`P



#L\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

#`P


T0G

M(#PO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

#`P
M


#L\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

#`P


T0G8F]R

M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@

#`P




@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH
S0L
M

@
M;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@

S(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@;F]W


T0R/BDF(S$V
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B



T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$,CXI)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]

T0R/C(S
M+#DU-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@

#D\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@;F]W


T0R/BDF(S$V
#L\


#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]

#`P


T0G8F]R9&5R

M(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

#`P


#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

#`P

T0G8F]R9&5R+71O

M(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


#`P



M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]

M;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P




T1F;VYT+7-I



M


M;W1T;VTZ





M




M;&4]

M

T1M87)G:6XM=&]P








M96=I;B!486)L92!(96%D(TM/@T*(`@/'1R/B`-B`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS
M1#8W)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0S)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0S)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0S)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0S)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF
M(S$V

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@

3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O

M
T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T


T0G


M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^(`T*

3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('-T


3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M86QI9VX]


M:60@(S`P
#`P

@
M;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3Y3=6)S:61I87)I97

T0Q/B8C
38P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS




#`P
M


T0Q/D-O;G-O;&ED871E9#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]




T0R/B0\+V9O




T0G9F]N
M=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXI)B,Q-C`[/]F
M;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A;6EL

T0R/C$S.2PX



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A;6EL


M;&4]

3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O


M9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R


T0R/C$Q-RPY
#4\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@;F]W


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO




#L\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(#PO='(^(`T*(`@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C8V-E969F/B`-B`@




@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$




@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

T0G9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXH,S0L-S8W/]F;VYT/CPO

T1B;W1T;VT^

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$,CXI)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO
M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF



M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B



7!X/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P





M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B

M

M9`C,#`P,#`P)SXF(S$V,#L\+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@

T0G8F]R

#`P


T0G

#`P


P
#`P
#`G
M/B8C


P
#`P
M
#`G/B8C

38P.SPO=&0^

T0G;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z-2XP
&5M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N
M=#HM
2XP



@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O




T0G9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXH,S0L-S8W/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$,CXI)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT



M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B


M


M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@
M(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/B8C

#L\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^(`T*


M93TS1#(^4&%Y;65N='

M
T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T


M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH-#$L

@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@



T0G9F]N=UF
M86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXI)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT
M/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS



@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXI)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@



M


T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M;&4]

@
M;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH
2PS-S0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\

T0R/BDF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N

@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$


M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

T0Q/B8C
M
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O


M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH


M
T0R/BDF(S$V




3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


Q-C`[
M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS


M;W=R87`]


38P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F

T0R/C`\+V9O;G0^



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A

T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\





T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

Q-C`[

T0R
M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]


T0R/B@U-PW-CD\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@


M;W(]
T0C8V-E969F/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]




3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


Q-C`[
M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS


BPY
S8\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@

T0R/BDF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ+#@U
SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T



M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT


M:60@(S`P
#`P



#`P

P
#`P
#`G/B8C

P
#`P
#`G/B8C

MB`@(#PO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C

#`P
M
#`P)SXF(S$V

M
#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B


Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T
M9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B





3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT

M1#(^
C


M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

T0Q/B8C
38P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH
3(Y+#@Y-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT

M1#(^*28C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]

T0R
M/C4U.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@


M
T0C8V-E969F/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]




3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O


Q
M-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG


#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R
M87`]





M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V




7!X/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C


7!X('-O;&ED

#L\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



#`P


#`P
M

M#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D

P
#`P
#`G/B8C


P
#`P
#`G/B8C


T0G;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z
M
2XP
&5M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM
2XP
&5M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F




M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL



T0R/BDF(S$V

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M;&4]

@
M;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXP/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D(&YO

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH

@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`\+W1R/B`-



@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M



M

@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@

T0G
M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXV.PQ
3@\



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO
M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F

T0R/B8C
38P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R





T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A;6EL

T0R/C8X+#$Q.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF

M93TS1#(^)B

M;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[


Q-C`[/]P
M/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C


7!X('-O;&ED

#L\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



#`P


#`P
M

MB`@(#PO='(^(`T*(`@/'1R/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^#0H@

@870@96YD



@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$

M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M;&4]


T0G

@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS


#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT

M1#(^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS


W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
M
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\

P
#`P
#`G/B8C

M/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(`@


W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P
M)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@

P
#`P
#`G/B8C






T0R/CQB/D-O;7!A
!A;&EG;CTS1&-E;G1E<CX\9F]N

M
T0R/CQB/D-O;F1E;G-E9!#;VYS;VQI9&%T:6YG(%-T871E;65N=!O9B!#

T1M87)G

38P.S
Q
!A;&EG;CTS1&-E;G1E<CX\9F]N

M

T0Q
M



M=&@]
T0V-4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$-4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@
M#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@
M(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@
M#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@
M(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$-4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@
M(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@
M(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\
M=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^(`T*(`@/'1R/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]


M:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]




3XF(S$V

M
T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`\+W1R


T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@

B!A;&EG;CTS1&-E;G1E

M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
M

7!X

M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]


M

#`P

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3Y3
M=6)S:61I87)Y/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,3Y#;VYS;VQI9&%T960\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@

M+2T^#0H@(`\(2TM($)E9VEN(%1A8FQE($)O9'D@+2T^#0H@(`\='(@8F=C

M




T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M;&4]

M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ
C(L

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*

M86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXI)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T

M)#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M


T0R/C$R
RPQ-CD\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@

T0R/B8C
38P




#L\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@
M(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[




@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N



T0G9F]N

@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

T0G9F]N=UF
M86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXH-#0L.#8X/]F;VYT

T1B;W1T

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXI)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V


Q-C`[/]F;VYT
M/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT


V
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A;6EL

T0R/B@T-2PR



T0R/BDF(S$V



M26YV97-T;65N='



@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L



T0G

@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L

T0G9F]N
M=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXH.#4P/]F;VYT

T1B;W1T

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXI)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V


Q-C`[/]F;VYT
M/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT


#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R




M

7!X/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^






M(#PO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

T1B;W1T

T0G8F]R9&5R+71O

#`P


T0G8F]R9&5R

#`P


P
#`P
#`G/B8C
38P

P
#`P
#`G/B8C
M


T0G;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z-2XP
&5M
M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM
2XP
&5M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A

T0R/DYE=!C87-H('5S960@
M:6X@:6YV97-T:6YG(&%C=&EV:71I97,\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M



M

@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@

T0G

M

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXI)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


Q-C`[
M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS


V
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R
M87`]


38P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M93TS1#$^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT

T0R/B@T-BPP.#`\+V9O



T0R/BDF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^(`T*



T1B;W1T;VT^

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
M
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@

#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO
M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V-C965F9CX@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@

T0G;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z
RXP
&5M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM
M
2XP



3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@


M
RPR



T0R/BDF(S$V

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M;&4]

@
M;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH-BPV.#@\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\

T0R/BDF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH
2PT
M-3



T0R/BDF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M

@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH.#(Q+#
V-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!N;W=R87`]


M



T0G9F]N



3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D


#PO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@


M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT

M1#(^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O


#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT

M1#(^)B

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F

T0R/B@W+#(T
3PO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO
M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F

T0R/B8C
38P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R





T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A;6EL


T0R
M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]

T0R/B@W
M+#(T
3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L



M


M
T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T


M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH-C4L

@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@


M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT

M1#(^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O


#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!N;W=R87`]


Q
M-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N




@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O



M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^



M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF

M93TS1#(^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O


#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T

M)B

M
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B


Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@
M/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/B8C



#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]


MB`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(`@/'`@


#`P



#`P





M
T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXI)B,Q
M-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D


M-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]


T0R/B8C
38P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M


T0R/C$L
S4R/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D(&YO

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH-3

@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`\+W1R/B`-


M871E(&-H86YG97
@;VX@8V%S:#PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@

M;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL




T1F

7!X/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*






M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@

T1B;W1T;VT^



#`P

T0G8F]R9&5R+71O

#`P


P
#`P
#`G/B8C
38P.SPO

P
#`P
#`G/B8C
38P


M;&4]
T0G;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z
2XP
&5M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM
2XP
&5M



M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T


M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF

M93TS1#(^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O



@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXH



T0R/BDF(S$V

T0Q/B8C
38P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR
RPS
3

T0R
M/B8C



@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$


3XF(S$V


Q-C`[/]F;VYT
M/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT


#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R




T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

M;&4]

3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O


Q
M-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG



@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
M

#L\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(`@


#`P


#`P

M(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A

P
#`P
#`G/B8C


P
#`P
#`G/B8C

M/'1D/B8C

#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^

#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\
M+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V






M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS



@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$

@
M;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXP/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D(&YO

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B



T1B;W1T;VT^

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^(`T*(`@/'1R

M=&]M/B8C


P
#`P
#`G/B8C
38P


Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L

P
#`P
#`G/B8C

M/B8C


P
#`P
#`G/B8C
38P.SPO


Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

P
#`P
#`G/B8C

M

'!X





T0R/@T*

T0Q
#`E(&)O



T0V
M-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$-4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\
M=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\
M=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M-4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q

M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\


T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]


M:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



M=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M1#$^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O


#`P

T0Q

T1B;W1T

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D

P
#`P


T0G
M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,3Y3=6)S:61I
M87)Y/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T1C


#`P
M

@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
3Y#;VYS;VQI9&%T960\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\



@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$



@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR
M



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


T0R/B0\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$


M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ+#$Q
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF

M93TS1#(^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL


T0G;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z
2XP
&5M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM
2XP
M






T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

#L\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C


M;F1E;G0Z+3$N


T1B;W1T;VT^

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]

T0R/C`\



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO
M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F

T0R/B8C
38P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R


T0R/B@Q.2PX
#$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@;F]W


T0R/BDF(S$V
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@


N
#!E;3L@=&5X

M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT

M1#(^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O


BPQ

T0R
M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]

T0R/B@Q
M+#8P.2PX



T0R/BDF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
MB`@(#PO='(^(`T*(`@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C8V-E969F/B`-B`@(#QT



M='

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O




T0G9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXS,3@\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@


M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL







#`P



#`P

P
#`P
#`G/B8C


P
#`P
#`G/B8C
38P.SPO


M
#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V

#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B


Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@
M/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B





3XF(S$V


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO
M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF


#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
M


38P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M1#$^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A

T0R/C0S+#4Y
#PO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@





T0R/BDF(S$V



M9VX]

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

#L\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

Q
M-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@
M#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M;&4]
T0G;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z
RXP
&5M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM
2XP
&5M



M:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A


@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T



T0G9F]N
M=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXI)B,Q-C`[/]F
M;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG


S

@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@



M;&4]


T1B;W1T;VT^



M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V



M86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L



T0G

@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L

T0G9F]N


N

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$


@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

T0G9F]N=UF
M86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXH-3(L,S,W/]F;VYT

T1B;W1T

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXI)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V


Q-C`[/]F;VYT
M/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT


#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R




3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D


S
M-SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@/]T

N
#!E;3L@

M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V




T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXI)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT

M1#(^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O


#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!N;W=R87`]


Q
M-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N

3XF(S$V


Q-C`[/]F;VYT
M/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT


W-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
M


38P.SPO9F]N




M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@


M/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS


M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A

T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\





T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

Q-C`[

T0R
M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]


T0R/C0X

T0R
M/B8C

P
#`P
#`G/B8C

P
#`P
#`G/B8C


#`P
#`P
M)SXF(S$V

#`P
M
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\


Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@
M#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@(#QP







T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F

T0R/C$L-C4R+#$Q
M.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D


T0G;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z
2XP
&5M
M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM
2XP
&5M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A


M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

Q
M-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N

M
T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]


T0R/C`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\

T0R/B8C
M
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]

T0R/C`\+V9O



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT

T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H




M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

T0Q/B8C
M
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O


M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXU
SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T

M)B

M
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B


Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@
M/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/B8C



#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]


MB`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(`@/'`@


#`P



#`P

T0C8V-E969F/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]

M:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A



@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N

@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ+#$Y-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
M




T1B;W1T;VT^

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^(`T*(`@/'1R
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL




M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL


7!X/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@



#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]


M;&4]

#`P

M/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(`@/'`@


#`P


P
#`P
#`G/B8C


P
#`P
#`G/B8C

M


T0G;6%R
M9VEN+6QE9G0Z
2XP
&5M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM
2XP

T0R

@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG


#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF

M93TS1#(^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL

3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O


M9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R


T0R/C$L
3DU/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D(&YO=W)A

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

M
T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T



T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^(`T*(`@/'1R('-T

M/B8C


P
#`P
#`G/B8C
38P.SPO


Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

P
#`P
#`G/B8C

M


Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@

P
#`P
#`G/B8C

MB`@(#PO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C

Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

P
#`P
#`G/B8C

38P





T0R/CQB

'!X










M;B!486)L92!(96%D(TM/@T*(`@/'1R/B`-B`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#8V
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0T)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0T)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0T
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0T)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
M

M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@

3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0Q
M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@


T0G9F]N

M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

3XF(S$V

3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]



3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M9VX]


M(S`P
#`P

@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3Y3=6)S:61I87)I97

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M93TS1#$^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O



#`P
#`P


T0Q/D-O;G-O;&ED871E9#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO
M=&0^#0H@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@/$M+2!%;F0@5&%B;&4@2&5A9`M+3X-B`@



@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXH-RPU



T0R/BDF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0Q
M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^



T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D


BPV
S@\



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO
M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^




M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY#87-H(&9L;W=S(&9R;VT@:6YV97-T
M:6YG(&%C=&EV:71I97

3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*

M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P
M.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(#PO='(^(`T*(`@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C8V-E969F/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
'!E
M;F1I='5R97
\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$


M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

T0Q/B8C
38P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH
C(L

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXI)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O



M;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL




M;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG


@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@


M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT

M1#(^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXI)B

M(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B

Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@

Q-C`[/]P/@T*
M(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C



#L\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(`@


#`P


#`P

T0C8V-E969F/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]


M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N



T0G
M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXI)B,Q-C`[
M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A


M9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$







M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
M

M#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B



@;VX@;&]N9RUT97)M(&1E8G0\
M+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH
M
34T+#`V
3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

Q-C`[

T0R
M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]


T0R/B@U
S`L
S

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXI)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O


M86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXI)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T

M)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A


T0R
M/BDF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^(`T*(`@/'1R/B`-B`@



M9'




T1B


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O




T0G9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


M;&]R/3-$(V-C965F9CX@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@/'`@

T0G;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z
RXP
&5M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM
2XP
M






@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T



M;&4]

@
M;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\

M

M


M;&4]
T0G;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z
RXP
&5M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM
2XP
&5M


F4],T0Q/B8C,38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@

T0G

M


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$



T0G

@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L

T0G9F]N
M=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXP/]F;VYT/CPO

T1B;W1T;VT^



M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V




T0G9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T


#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V

#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B

Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@

Q-C`[/]P/@T*
M(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C



#L\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



M



@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXW+#4Q,3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT

3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D


M.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]


T0R/B8C
38P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M


T0R/B@Q+#$V-SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N
M;W=R87`]


38P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F

T0R/B@T
2PX
34\



T0R/BDF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^




3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT

M1#(^
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@

M;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG



@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXI)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@



T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXI)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^



M(S`P
#`P


M:60@(S`P
#`P

P
#`P
#`G/B8C

P
#`P
#`G/B8C


#`P
#`P
M)SXF(S$V

#`P
M
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\


Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@
M#0H@(`\=&0^)B



M;F0@97%U:79A;&5N='
\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G

@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0Q
M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^


M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH
C
L

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXI)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@



MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS


M/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*

M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

P
M
#`P
#`G/B8C


P
#`P
#`G/B8C

38P


#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V


#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^#0H@(`\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*

M)B
Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@
M#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M

M;W`Z


M;V0\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]


3XF(S$V


M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\


T0R/C8S+#`W-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N




M;&4]

@
M;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A



@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^(`T*

M;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

#`P


#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

#`P

T0G8F]R9&5R+71O

M(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


#`P



M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]

M;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P




T1F;VYT+7-I



M


M87)T7S
X

PT*0V]N





]

M

]
T1T
M:#Y$96




]

24

M0R\O1%1$(%A(5$U
(#$N

M9(@+2T^#0H@(`\(2TM($)E9VEN($)L;V-K(%1A9V=E9!.;W1E(#$R(T@
M=7


3IT:6UE<R!N97<@





'!X
M/B8C

M(`\='(^(`T*(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-C@E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#,E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*
M(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@
M/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#,E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@
M/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#,E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@
M/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#,E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C


T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$,3Y1=6%R=&5R/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(#PO

3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@
M(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]

#`P
#`P



T0Q/B8C
M



3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]



3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M


M
#`P

@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3Y4:&ER9#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]


P
#`P


M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C8V-E969F/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^#0H@


#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO
M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

#L\


M;F1E;G0Z+3$N



@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O


M/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF

M93TS1#(^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL


M;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL

@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXT-S`L.30W/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D(&YO

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B



T0G;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z
2XP
&5M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N
M=#HM
2XP


T0R/D=R;W-S('!R;V9I=#PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@

3XF(S$V


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO
M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF

M93TS1#(^-S


M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

T0Q/B8C
M
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O


M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


M
T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]

T0R
M/C@S+#(R.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@




T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXY+#
U
CPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@



T0G9F]N=UF
M86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXI)B,Q-C`[)B,Q-C`[
M*&$I)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T



M;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL



M
T0G;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z
2XP
&5M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM
2XP
&5M)SX\



Q-C`[
M
S$L(#(P

3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
M
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(#PO
M='(^(`T*(`@/'1R/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXT
C`L

@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N=UF
M86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^

M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT

M1#(^)#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]


T0R/C0V.2PY.#$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\

T0R/B8C
M



@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M;&4]

@
M;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXW
BPV
3
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\

T0R/B8C
M
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]

T0R/C4X+#`X
M
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D


T0G

@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L

T0G9F]N



@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CY.970@96%R;FEN9W


M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT

M1#(^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O


T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T

M*28C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]

T0R/B@U
M+#$V-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L


38P.R8C
38P.RAB*28C
38P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M93TS1#$^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT

T0R/C4W
#PO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@



T0G9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-B`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`\(2TM($5N9!486)L92!;V1Y(TM/@T*(`@



T0P('=I9'1H/3-$
3`P)3X@#0H@(`\='(^(`T*(`@/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$-4@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#X\9F]N=!S='EL



T0P

!W:61T:#TS1#$P,4^(`T*(`@/'1R/B`-B`@





S@P.&$U
M96)?
V%D9%\T8C(Y7SDX
#5?-S=E-V$Y
#

O4VAE
M970Q.2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q=6]T960M

M=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P






]

]










]
T1T97AT/CPA+2U$3T-465!%(&AT;6P@4%53$E#((M+R]7
T
O+T14

N
M;W)G+U12+WAH=&UL

M/@T*(`@/$M+2!96=I;B!;&]C:R!486=G960@3F]T92`V-2`M('5S+6=A

`M+3X-B`@


M



T1C96YT97(^

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$,CX-B`@(#QB/E9!3%5!5$E/3B!!3D0@455!3$E&64E.1R!!0T-/


T1C96YT97(^/&9O;G0@




M


M(TM/@T*(`@/'1R/B`-B`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#8S)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0V)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0V)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0V)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0V)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V




T0G9F]N
M=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,3Y#;VQU;6X@03PO
M9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A



F4],T0Q/B8C,38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@


#`P


T0Q/D-O;'5M;B8C
38P.T

T0Q/B8C
M
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG




3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M


M
#`P

@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3Y#;VQU;6XF(S$V
#M%/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^(`T*(`@/'1R/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

#`P

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,3Y86QA;F-E)B

M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O
M;'-P86X]

M;VTZ

M/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]


M;&4]

#`P

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
3Y$961U8W1I;VYS/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,3Y86QA;F-E)B
Q-C`[870\8G(@+SY%;F0@
M;V8\8G(@+SY097)I;V0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

T0Q/B8C



M;BUL969T.C$N

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY!

M(#PO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@

M9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^(`T*(`@/'1R/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]

M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/B8C

M9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B


M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M

#`P

P
#`P


M=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G8F]R

#`P


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P

M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

M;VTZ

M
T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXD/]F
M;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=B

#`P
#`P)R!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT


#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R

7!X

M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M

#`P

P
#`P


M=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G8F]R

#`P




#`P

M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

M

T0G
M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXD/]F;VYT
M/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D

#`P
#`P)R!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF

M93TS1#(^




@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CX\8CY#;VUP86YY/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@
M(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M1#$^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/B8C


T0G;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z
2XP
&5M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N
M=#HM
2XP



M

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@


M;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL

@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXX



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M1#$^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T



M;&4]

@
M;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A


@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V



M
#LS
2P@
C`Q


M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF

M93TS1#(^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O


T0R
M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]

T0R/C`\



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO
M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F

T0R/B8C
38P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R


T0R/C@W-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
M




M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V





3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D


#PO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@






M=!I9#TS1$E$,$5934%%/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&@@8VQA

]

M(&-O;'-P86X]


#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S


M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/E1H92!#;VUP86YY/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L
M87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\(2TM1$]#5%E012!H=&UL(%!50DQ)0R`B+2\O5S-#+R]$
M5$0@6$A434P@

M+F]R9R]44B]X:'1M;#$O1%1$+WAH=&UL





@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


N(#PO9F]N=#X\+W`^

#M-:61C;R8C.#(R
3L@;W(@
M)B
X



N(&ES(&$@=VAO;&QY+6]W




@


]

24
@(BTO

(#$N


M=7


@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


M='

M

#M-:6-H865L
M($9O;V1S+8C.#(R,3L@)B,X,C(P.T-O;7!A;GDL)B,X,C(Q.R`F(S@R,C`[
M=V4L)B,X,C(Q.R`F(S@R,C`[=7,L)B,X,C(Q.R`F(S@R,C`[;W5R)B,X,C(Q
M.RDN(%1H92!M97)G97(@=V%S(&%C8V]U;G1E9!F;W(@87


M;B!O9B!T:&4@;65R9V5R+B8C

M:6%L('-T871E;65N='
@=&\@:&EG:&QI9VAT('1H92!F86-T('1H870@=&AE




@2&]L9&EN9W
L($EN8RX@



X
C(P.U-%0R8C.#(R
M
3LI('!R:6]R('1O('1H92!*=6YE)B
Q-C`[
CDL(#(P
3`@;65R9V5R('=A


N(%!R:6]R('1O('1H92!M97)G
M97(L($TM1F]O9'
@2&]L9&EN9W
L($EN8RX@;&EA8FEL:71I97


M;F%T960@;F]T97
@86YD($TM1F]O9'
@2&]L9&EN9W
L($EN8RXF(S@R


L



]







2!A;F0@







M-3(O-3


#LS



M;&4]


'!X.R!T97AT









#$Q
#L@=&5X=UI
!M;VYT:!P97)I;V0@96YD
M960@2G5N928C,38P.S(V+`R


M86QI9VX]


M=RYW


T1M87)G:6XM

T0G9F]N









]

]
T1T97AT/CPA+2U$3T-465!%(&AT;6P@4%5
M3$E#((M+R]7
T
O+T141!82%1-3`Q+C`@5')A;G-I=&EO;F%L+R]%3B(@

N;W)G+U12+WAH=&UL

M:71I;VYA;YD=&0B(TM/@T*(`@/$M+2!96=I;B!;&]C:R!486=G960@

M8FQE-2`M('5S+6=A87`Z4')I;W)097)I;V1296-L87-S:69I8V%T:6]N061J

M;W`Z



M:6-A=&EO;G









]
M
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0V%S:!A;F0@17%U:79A;&5N='
\+W1D/@T*


M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M



T1T;W`^06-C;W5N='
@















38P.S(Y+`R,#$R(&%N9!$

38P.S




3H@;F]T93%?86-C;W5N=&EN

M;BUB;W1T;VTZ








M('1H92!C:&EC:W
L('1H92!F965D(&9E9!T;R!T:&4@8FER9',L(&%N9!T


N(#PO9F]N

I.B`\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(`@





T0P

T1C96YT97(^#0H@(`\(2TM($)E9VEN(%1A8FQE
M($AE860@+2T^#0H@(`\='(^(`T*(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-S0E/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#8E/B8C
M
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C
38P
M.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#8E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C


T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]


B!A


T0Q/D1E8V5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$

38P.S
Q+#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]



T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]


B!A



#`P
#`P)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A

T0Q/C(P

T0Q/B8C
M


@
M;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

T1B;W1T

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\

M
T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXR.PY



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]


T0R/B0\+V9O



#!E;3L@=&5X

M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

@86YD

3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


Q-C`[
M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS


S4S/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D(&YO

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXY.2PV
#4\+V9O



T0R/B8C



M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY&;&]C:W
\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(`@

T0Q
M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^


M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXS-2PX



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A;6EL

T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N

M
T0R/C
S+#0R.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R



#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^







38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


M=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H


T0R/C$U



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M1#$^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXQ-3@L-3(R/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^(`T*(`@/'1R('-T

M/B8C


P
#`P
#`G/B8C
38P.SPO


Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

P
#`P
#`G/B8C

M


@86YD

M87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\(2TM1$]#5%E012!H=&UL(%!50DQ)0R`B+2\O5S-#+R]$
M5$0@6$A434P@

M+F]R9R]44B]X:'1M;#$O1%1$+WAH=&UL



'!X


@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$








M86QU97

M960@87




@:6X@96ET:&5R('1H92!L


@87)E(')E8V]G;FEZ960@:6X@=&AE(&-O


M=')U;65N='




@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY)

@9G)O


N(%1H97-E(&EN

M;VYS(&%N9!M;V1E;',@=VET:!I;G!U='
@;W1H97(@=&AA;B!Q=6]T960@




M9&5D(&EN('1H92!



M(S@R

C`[;W1H



'!X.R!T97AT+6EN






T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

M(2TM($)E9VEN(%1A8FQE($AE860@+2T^#0H@(`\='(^(`T*(`@/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$-S0E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*
M(`@/'1D/B8C


#`P
#`P)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT

T0Q/DEN=&5R97-T(%)A

3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M


3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQF;VYT('-T

M1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LS
2P\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*


T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,3XR,#$R/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V

T0Q/B8C
38P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M;CTS1#(@86QI9VX]

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P

M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3XR
#$Q/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`\(2TM($5N9!486)L92!(96%D
M(TM/@T*(`@/$M+2!96=I;B!486)L92!;V1Y(TM/@T*(`@/'1R(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C8V-E969F/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O




M
T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\

M
T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXP/]F

T1B

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^(`T*
M(`@/'1R/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.G1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;B<@<VEZ
M93TS1#(^56YR96%L:7IE9!L;W-S(&EN8VQU9&5D(&EN(&EN=&5R97-T(&5X


T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXR+#
W
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R





M

7!X/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^






M(#PO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

T1B;W1T



T0G

M

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A




M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T

M)#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M


T0R/C8L-3`P/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D(&YO

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\


#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]

#`P


T0G8F]R9&5R

M(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

#`P




M;W1T;VTZ

T0G9F]N





T0G8F]R


T0U-4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@
M(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\
M=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$.4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\
M=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\
M=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M.4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^(`T*
M(`@/'1R/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M1#$^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@
M#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$


Q-C`[4')I8V5S)B
Q-C`[:6X\+V9O

M
T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D




T0Q/E-I9VYI9FEC86YT)B

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M93TS1#$^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O


T0Q/E-I9VYI
M9FEC86YT/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^(`T*
M(`@/'1R/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M1#$^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@
M#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$




M9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M93TS1#$^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P
M86X]


MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

Q-C`[

3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQF


M86QI9VX]


M/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

T1C96YT97(^/&9O


M:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T1C96YT


#`P

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
3Y4;W1A;#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@

P
#`P


T0G


#`P
#`P


T0Q/BA




M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`\(2TM($5N9!486)L92!(



3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

#L\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

Q-C`[/]F
M;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@
M#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^(`T*(`@/'1R/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXP/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]


3XF(S$V


MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]

T0R



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@/]T

N
#!E;3L@

M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY#;VUM;V1I='D@8V]N=')A

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T


M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF

M93TS1#(^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O


#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T

M)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\

3XF(S$V


Q-C`[/]F
M;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I


#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N



#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L

Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO






M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T

T1B


T0G8F]R9&5R

#`P


T0G8F]R

#`P

M9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^(`T*(`@/'1R/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG


#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R
M87`]





@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N=UF
M86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^


W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
M
#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B

P
#`P
#`G/B8C



W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
M
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\

P
#`P
#`G/B8C



M



#L\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT


MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

Q-C`[

T0R
M/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N


M:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A



M
T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\

M

3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


M=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H





T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D

M.C
N

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY#;VUM;V1I


M

@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@

T0G
M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXP/]F;VYT

T1B;W1T


M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^




N
M

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$



T0R/B8C
38P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F

T0R/C`\+V9O;G0^



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A

T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\





T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

Q-C`[

T0R
M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]




@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(S$V

#L\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



#`P


#`P
M

M#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D

P
#`P
#`G/B8C


P
#`P
#`G/B8C


#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\
M+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`\

#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
M
#L\+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@/]T

#!E;3L@

M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


M=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H


T0R/C$P+#4Y-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
M




@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@


T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-


Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

P
#`P
#`G/B8C

M


Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@

P
#`P
#`G/B8C

MB`@(#PO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C

Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

P
#`P
#`G/B8C

38P



P
#`P
#`G/B8C

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`\+W1R/B`-B`@(#QT


T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

Q
M-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS

30@86QI9VX]

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

#`P

M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M92!-96%S=7)E;65N='
@07
@;V8@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3$\8CX\+V(^
M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^(`T*(`@/'1R
M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C8V-E969F/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^#0H@


M=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[

T0Q
M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@

M;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@
M#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^(`T*(`@/'1R/B`-B`@




M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T

M)#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M


T0R/C(L.3`V/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D(&YO

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B


3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]

T0R/C(L.3`V

@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G
M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXD/]F;VYT


T0G;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z
M
RXP
&5M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM
2XP
&5M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F

T0R/D-O;6UO9&ET


T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M;&4]

@
M;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXP/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D(&YO

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$

M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M;&4]

@
M;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXP/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D(&YO

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\


#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]


MB`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(`@/'`@


#`P



#`P


P
#`P
#`G/B8C


P
#`P
#`G/B8C

M/B8C

#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^#0H@

#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^
M#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V







M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR+#DP-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT

M1#(^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS



@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXR+#DP-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R



T1F;VYT+7-I

7!X/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@
M#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@


Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@
M#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@(#QP

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
M

M)B
Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@
M(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

W!X
M(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT


Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@
M(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
M
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@(#QP('-T

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\
M+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`\

Q
M-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(#PO



@870@


T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B

T0Q/B8C
M
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^


N

@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$

@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG


#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF

M93TS1#(^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$


M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

T0Q/B8C
38P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@




T0G;6%R
M9VEN+6QE9G0Z
RXP
&5M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM
2XP

T0R

@+2!%;F5R9WD\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(`@

T0Q
M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^


M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXV


M
T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]

T0R



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]


T0R/B8C
38P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M


T0R/C8Q.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R
M87`]




T0G;6%R9VEN
M+6QE9G0Z
RXP
&5M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM
2XP

T0R/DEN


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T

M
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D

M/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS





T0R/B8C

P
#`P
#`G/B8C


P
#`P
#`G/B8C
38P.SPO


M
#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V

#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B


Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@
M/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/B8C





@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG


3@\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@

T0R/B8C
38P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

T0G9F]N=UF
M86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXP/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O



M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@



@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G
M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXD/]F;VYT


7!X
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

W!X(&1O
M=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V


Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\
M=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P


W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^

Q-C`[
M/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

W!X(&1O=6)L
M92`C
#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V

Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO


W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^#0H@

Q-C`[/]P
M/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^#0H@



@

F(S@R




]
T1T97AT/CPA+2U$3T-465!%(&AT;6P@4%53$E#
M((M+R]7
T
O+T141!82%1-3`Q+C`@5')A;G-I=&EO;F%L+R]%3B(@(FAT

N;W)G+U12+WAH=&UL

M;VYA;YD=&0B(TM/@T*(`@/$M+2!96=I;B!;&]C:R!486=G960@06-C

M


M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CX\8CY!8V-O=6YT:6YG

@/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@(`\







@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$











M;VYT:'

M97





M;BUB;W1T;VTZ

T0G
M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CX-B`@($EN




@87
@:&5D9VEN

M9V%I;G


'!O<W5R92X@06QL(&1E<FEV871I




M=F4@:6YC;VUE(&]R(AL;W-S*2`H)B,X,C(P.T%/0TDF(S@R,C$[(&]R(8C
M.#(R
#M!3T-
)B
X






@9&5F97)R960@









M('-U8V@@:71E;7

@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY792!H860@=&AE(&9O;&QO=VEN9R!O=71S=&%N9&EN

@;V8@9W)A:6XL(&%S(&]F('1H92!Y96%R







T0U-B4^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[
M/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^)B,Q-C`[
M/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B

3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0V(&%L:6=N


M/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]


M;&4]

#`P

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M

3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T1C


M:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]


M96UB97(F(S$V
#LR.2P\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M


T0Q/D1E8V5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
S$L/]F
M;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^(`T*(`@/'1R/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

Q-C`[

P
#`P


C`Q
CPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M93TS1#$^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

P
#`P
#`G/CQF

M93TS1#$^
C`Q
3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D

P
#`P


C`Q
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]


P
#`P


C`Q
3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

Q
M-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@/$M+2!%;F0@5&%B;&4@


T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F

T0R/C
L

@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N

@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXV+#
W-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
M





M9VX]




T0R/DEN9F]R;6%T:6]N(&]N


M
T0P('=I9'1H/3-$
3`P)2!B;W)D97(]


T1C
M96YT97(^#0H@(`\(2TM($)E9VEN(%1A8FQE($AE860@+2T^#0H@(`\='(^
M(`T*(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-#`E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$,S8E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*


T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M1#$^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

P
#`P



T0Q/B8C
38P

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@
M#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0V(&%L:6=N/3-$


M/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]


M;&4]

#`P

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M

38P.S
Q+`R,#$Q/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N



F4],T0Q/B8C,38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@



3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R

7!X('-O

M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B


T0G8F]R

#`P

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M93TS1#$^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

P
#`P
#`G/CQF

M93TS1#$^3&EA8FEL:71Y/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@
M(#PO='(^#0H@(`\(2TM($5N9!486)L92!(96%D(TM/@T*(`@/$M+2!
M96=I;B!486)L92!;V1Y(TM/@T*(`@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C8V-E969F
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]




T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
M


@
M;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$





@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A


C`U/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M



T1B;W1T

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXI)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V


M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N

M
T0R/C


M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

T0Q/B8C
38P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


T1F;VYT

7!X/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C


W!X(&1O=6)L
M92`C
#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B

P
#`P
#`G/B8C


W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
M
#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B

P
#`P
#`G/B8C



#!E;3L@

M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


M
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M1#$^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V


M
T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CY#;VUM
M;V1I='D@8V]N=')A8W1S(8C.#(Q

M(#PO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL

M


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXD/]F;VYT
M/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT


CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXS,#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT

3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT

T0R/B@V-#@\+V9O;G0^



T0R/BDF(S$V

M(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M;W`Z
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V


Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T
M9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P)SXF
M(S$V

Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@
M#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@


Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@
M#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@(#QP

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
M

M)B
Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@








@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXD
M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS


#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
M



@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N
M=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXD/]F;VYT/CPO


T0G9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXI)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO

M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

#`P


#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

#`P

T0G8F]R9&5R+71O

M(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


#`P



M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]

M;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P




T1M87)G:6XM

T0G9F]N





@:7
@

M+C4@;6EL;&EO;B!A;F0@)#`N
B!M:6QL:6]N(&%S(&]F($1E8V5M8F5R)B
Q
M-C`[
CDL(#(P
3(@86YD($1E8V5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
S$L(#(P
3$N(%1H90T*



E)SX\9F]N

M



@86YD($-O;7!R96AE;G-I=F4@26YC;VUE

@96YD960@1&5C
M96UB97(F(S$V
#LR.2P@
C`Q
BPF(S$V

38P.S
Q+`R
M,#$Q+8C

#LQ+`R,#$Q(&%N9!*=6YE)B
Q-C`[
M
C8L(#(P




M;W1T;VTZ

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@

M:#TS1#$P

#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0S)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0S)3XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0S)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0S)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0S)3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\

M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M


T0G

#`P

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3XH169F

M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@

'!X




3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O

M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
M

7!X

3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]

M

#`P

;W-S

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,3Y'86EN(A



M9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M93TS1#$^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

P
#`P




I
M/&)R(\^4F5C;V=N:7IE98C


M;V=N:7IE98C,38P.VEN/&)R(\^16%R;FEN9W
@;VX\8G(@+SY$97)I=F%T
M:79E/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`\
M(2TM($5N9!486)L92!(96%D(TM/@T*(`@/$M+2!96=I;B!486)L92!
M;V1Y(TM/@T*(`@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C8V-E969F/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
F4],T0Q/B8C,38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
M
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B,Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^(`T*(`@/'1R/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@


3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O





M/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A;6EL

T0R/B8C
38P.R@Q+#(P
#PO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT


#MO
M9B8C
38P.W-A;&5S/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL

M9VX]


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY#;W-T
M)B
Q-C`[;V8F(S$V

M9VX]

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT






Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

P
#`P
#`G/B8C

M
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG

M86QI9VX]

#`P

#L\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@

P
#`P
#`G/B8C



T0Q-CXF(S$V
#L\


P
#`P


2P@
C`Q
3QB/CPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N


M;BUL969T.C$N

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY#
M;VUM;V1I='D@8V]N=')A8W1S(8C.#(Q,3L@1W)A:6X\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*

@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O



@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CY#;W-T(&]F('-A;&5S/]F;VYT
M/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]



@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CY#;W-T(&]F('-A;&5S/]F;VYT/CPO
M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF

M93TS1#(^)#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]


T0R/C8S/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
M

#L\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

#`P


T0G8F]R

M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^


W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V

Q-C`[/]P/@T*
M(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M


W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\
M+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V

M#0H@(`\='(^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C

3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O

M
T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T




M:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V



3$[

3XF(S$V


MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]

T0R
M/B`Q+#@P-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@



T1B

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A;6EL


M;&4]

M9VX]

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXI)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O



@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ-3PO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`\+W1R/B`-

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B

P
#`P
#`G/B8C
M


M1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

#`P
M


#L\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
M
#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V

Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^(`T*(`@/'1R/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\

38^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(#PO

3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@
M(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]

#`P
#`P


F4],T0Q/B8C,38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(`@/]T<CX@#0H@(`\='(@8F=C;VQO<CTS1-C8V5E9F8^(`T*(`@/'1D


T0G9F]N

M1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^(`T*(`@/'1R/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]



T0G9F]N
M=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXI)B,Q-C`[/]F
M;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T



M/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS

@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\



\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N
M=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXD/]F;VYT/CPO



W!X(&1O=6)L
M92`C
#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@
M#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L

P
#`P
#`G/B8C

M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@
M(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A


#`P



E





M960@87

@86YD($-O;7!R96AE;G-I

#$Q



T0P('=I9'1H/3-$
3`P)2!B;W)D97(]


T1C96YT97(^#0H@(`\(2TM($)E9VEN(%1A8FQE($AE860@
M+2T^#0H@(`\='(^(`T*(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-34E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#0E/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#0E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#0E/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#0E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C


T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]


B!A;&EG




P
#`P
#`G/CQF;VYT

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M


T0G

#`P

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


T1B;W1T;VT^

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`\+W1R/B`-

38P.SQF;VYT

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M


P
#`P



M

M
3(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M


B!A;&EG;CTS1&-E

T0G9F]N

2P\8G(@+SXR

M

P
#`P

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T1C


#`P
M

@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
3Y3:7@@36]N=&AS/&)R(\^16YD960\8G(@+SY*=6YE)B,Q
M-C`[,C8L/&)R(\^
C`Q
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M



T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]


P
#`P



M:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V







M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF

M93TS1#(^)#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]


T0R/C(T-SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!N;W=R87`]


Q
M-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N



@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$


M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B


T0R/B0\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$



M
7!X/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@
M(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C


W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
M
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\

P
#`P
#`G/B8C

M/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(`@


W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P
M)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0Z
M
7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`G/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG

M86QI9VX]

#`P

M86QI9VX]


Q-C`[/]F;VYT
M/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1&-E;G1E


T0R/DEN=&5R97-T)B
Q-C`[97AP96YS93PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

Q-C`[

T0R
M/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N



@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG


@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@


P
#`P

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G
M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXD/]F;VYT


M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


#`P



M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]

M;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P



M
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


#`P

M/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(`@/'`@



Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

P
M
#`P
#`G/B8C



]
M


5]A


;W-S*2`\



M;&4]


M;V8@=&%X97


T0X

M:#TS1#8U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0W)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0W)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0W)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9#XF(S$V

M:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T1C96YT


#`P

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
3Y&86ER)B
Q-C`[5F%L=64F(S$V


3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0Q
M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O

#`P

M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


M/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M(&-O;'-P86X]

M;W1T;VTZ



T0Q/B8C



M;BUL969T.C$N

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CX\


T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@
M#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q



M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT


M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M;&4]

M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXT+#(Y-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF

M93TS1#(^)B

M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@


M#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D

N
#!E;3L@

M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


T0Q/B8C
38P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*


M/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS



@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(S$V

#L\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]





M
#`P


M(S`P
#`P

P
#`P
#`G/B8C

P
#`P
#`G/B8C


M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V-C965F9CX@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@

T0G;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z
2XP
&5M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM
M
2XP


T0R/D)A;&%N8V4@870@2G5N92`R-BP@
C`Q
#PO9F]N

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH
S

@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@


T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG


RPV-CD\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@

T0R/B8C
38P

M9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@

MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

#`P


T1B;W1T;VT^

#`P
M

M#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D


#`P

M#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^(`T*(`@/'1R/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(#PO='(^(`T*(`@/'1R/B`-B`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M

#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!C

#`P
M
#`P)SXF(S$V

#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-

#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V



@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CX\8CY#;VUP86YY/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@
M(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M1#$^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V


M
T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CY86QA
M;F-E(&%T($IU;F4@


T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M;&4]

M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]







T0R/B8C
38P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M


T0R/C(L
#DR/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D(&YO

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
M


T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^(`T*(`@/'1R/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

MB`@(#PO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B

T0Q/B8C
38P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH
C
V/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI
M)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\


7!X/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/B8C



#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]


MB`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(`@/'`@


#`P



#`P

T0C8V-E969F/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]

M87)Y(#$L(#(P
3$\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N
M=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXD/]F;VYT/CPO

@
M;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH
C
V/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B
Q
M-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N


T1B;W1T

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^(`T*(`@
M/'1R/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@

T0G
M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXH-30T/]F

T1B

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXI)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C


M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V



M86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXI)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@

T0G;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z
RXP
M
&5M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM
2XP
&5M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT



M9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@

M/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`\

#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
M

#`P
#`P)SXF
M(S$V
#L\+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L

Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@

Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\
M=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P







@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS


2PR



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A;6EL


M;&4]

M9VX]

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXI)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O


M9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R


T0R/C0V
SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
M






T1B;W1T

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXI)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@
M#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

M;&4]


M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@
M#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR
M



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]


T0R/B8C
38P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M


T0R/C(P.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R
M87`]



#L\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@

Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\

Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@
M(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
M
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@(#QP('-T




M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M

M9`C,#`P,#`P)SXF(S$V,#L\+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]





@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH-30P

@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D


M
7!X/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@
M(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

W!X
M(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT


Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@
M(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
M
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@(#QP('-T

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\
M+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`\

Q
M-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

W!X(&1O
M=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V


Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\
M=&0^)B


Q-C`[




2PT
M
C4L(0S,C8@86YD(@D

@96YD960@1&5C
M96UB97(@
CDL(#(P
3(@86YD($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$Q(&%N9!T:&4@

#$Q+B!4



M;V0@96YD960@2G5N92`R-BP@
C`Q

]
M







C`Q


M:6YC;'5D97

N($1E



TS,!Y96%R
'1E;G-I;VYS+!T:&4@97-T



M;65N='

@86YD(&%C8W5M=6QA










P@)#@V
M+#`P,!A;F0@)#$S
RPP
#`@:6X@=&AE('EE87)S(&5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R
M)B
Q-C`[
CDL(#(P
3(@86YD($1E8V5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
S$L(#(P
3$@86YD

#$P(')E;&%T:6YG('1O('1H92!C






T1T
M;W`^1V]O9'=I;&P@86YD($EN=&%N9VEB;&4@07-S971S/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\(2TM1$]#5%E012!H=&UL(%!50DQ)0R`B
M+2\O5S-#+R]$5$0@6$A434P@
2XP(%1R86YS:71I;VYA;\O14XB()H='1P








@*&4N9RXL('1R861E
M;6%R:W




M:7(@=F%L=64@:7



@;V8@1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LR.2P@
C`Q
M

M=&AE('EE87)S(&5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
CDL(#(P
3(-B`@(&%N
M98C
38P.T1E8V5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
S$L(#(P

#LQ+`R,#$Q(&%N9!*=6YE
M)B
Q-C`[
C8L(#(P

N(%1H

@82!R96-O;F-I;&EA=&EO;B!O9B!T:&4@









T0V
B4^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-4^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[
M/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-4^)B,Q-C`[
M/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B

3XF(S$V


T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M



M/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M(&-O;'-P86X]


M/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M
3XF(S$V


T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

Q


T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@

@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M1#$^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

B!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(^


3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O


T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]



T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]

Q-C`[/]F;VYT
M/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
3Y0;W1A=&\\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]


B!N;W=R
M87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N

M:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

T0Q/B8C

B!V86QI9VX]

M1#$^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^
M(`T*(`@/'1R/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M93TS1#$^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O


M/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]


7!X('-O;&ED



3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R


#`P
#`P)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F

T0Q/E1O=&%L/]F
M;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`\(2TM($5N
M9!486)L92!(96%D(TM/@T*(`@/$M+2!96=I;B!486)L92!;V1Y(TM
M/@T*(`@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C8V-E969F/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXD/]F;VYT/CPO
M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF

M93TS1#(^-C@X+#(U
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N




3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L


M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F

T0R/C0X+#4S.#PO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T


M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$



M86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L


M:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A





T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A

T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\


T0R/C0P
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R




@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$



T0G9F]N
M=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXI)B,Q-C`[/]F
M;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG


#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF

M93TS1#(^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O


3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O


Q
M-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG


#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N
M;W=R87`]


38P

M9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@

P
#`P
#`G/B8C

P
#`P
#`G/B8C

38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`\

#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
M

#`P
#`P)SXF
M(S$V
#L\+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L

Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@

Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\
M=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P






T1B;W1T;VT^

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]

T0R/C8X


M;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL


3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D



@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G

@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXX
CDL.#0V/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D(&YO

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\





3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@


#PO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T


M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF

M93TS1#(^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O



@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(S$V

#L\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



#`P
M


M
#`P

M9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@

P
#`P
#`G/B8C

P
#`P
#`G/B8C

38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`\

#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
M

#`P
#`P)SXF
M(S$V
#L\+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V

M

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CY86QA;F-E(&%S(&]F($1E8V5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
CDL
M(#(P
3(\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*

M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T

M)#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M


T0R/CDR+#@X
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N
M;W=R87`]


Q-C`[

3XF(S$V


MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]

T0R
M/C@S


7!X/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
M
#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V

Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^


W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V

Q-C`[/]P/@T*
M(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
M
#`P)SXF(S$V

Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*


W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V


Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@
M/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B







@97-T:6UA=&5D('5S969U


@8F5N969I=!O8G1A:6YE9!B
2!I;B!E86-H(')E<&]R=&EN9R!P97)I;V0N(%1H92!W








Q



#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0V)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0V
M)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$

38P.S(Y+#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]


M
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]


M;&4]

#`P

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
3XR
#$R/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,3XR,#$Q/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V





M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXU
C$L

@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V




M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF

M93TS1#(^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O


CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF

M93TS1#(^*28C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A;6EL

T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N

M



T0R/BDF(S$V

M#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M

M9`C,#`P,#`P)SXF(S$V,#L\+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]

M;VQI9`C,#`P,#`P)SXF(S$V,#L\+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T

T0G

#`P

M

#`P

M(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^(`T*(`@
M/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C8V-E969F/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXT-#

@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N

@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXT-S0L
C`X/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D(&YO=W)A

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O



M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A;6EL

T0R/C$Q
2PP



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A;6EL

T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N

M
T0R/C$Q
2PP



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D


P
#`P
#`G/B8C


P
#`P
#`G/B8C

M


#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V

#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^#0H@
M(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V

M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*



W!X(&1O=6)L
M92`C
#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B

P
#`P
#`G/B8C

M+2T@16YD(%1A8FQE($)O9'D@+2T^#0H@(`\+W1A8FQE/B`-B`@(#QP('-T





M;&QI;VXL(0Q-B!M:6QL:6]N(&%N9`D-RXU(&UI;&QI;VX@:6X@=&AE('EE

38P.S(Y+`R,#$R(&%N9!$96-E

38P.S

@

38P.S$L(#(P
3$@86YD($IU;F4F(S$V
#LR-BP@
M
C`Q
X@5&AE(&5S=&EM871E9!A;6]R=&EZ871I;VX@97AP96YS92!F;W(@

@
C`Q
R!T:')O=6=H(#(P

@87


M1#`@=VED=&@]

MB`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#@X)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0V)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V

M#0H@(`\(2TM($)E9VEN(%1A8FQE($)O9'D@+2T^#0H@(`\='(@8F=C;VQO

#!E




T0G;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z
2XP
&5M.R!T97AT
M+6EN9&5N=#HM
2XP


T0R/C(P
30\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(`@

T0Q
M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^


M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXS



T0R/B8C



@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR

M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T

M)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A


S`L.#`P/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^(`T*(`@/'1R/B`-B`@(#QT



C`Q-CPO9F]N

M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS

T0G;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z
2XP
&5M.R!T
M97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM
2XP
&5M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A;6EL

T0R/C(P

M
T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T


M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXS

M+2T@16YD(%1A8FQE($)O9'D@+2T^#0H@(`\+W1A8FQE/B`-B`@(#QP('-T








]


M;W1E
6QE/3-$










@87)E(&%S(&9O;&QO=W





M;W1T;VTZ
'!X/B8C


Q-C`[/]T
M9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^)B,Q-C`[
M/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B

3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&%L:6=N



T0Q/B8C
M
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG


T0Q
M/D1E8V5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
S$L/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
MB`@(#PO='(^(`T*(`@/'1R/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

P
M
#`P


C`Q
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]


P
#`P


C`Q
3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

Q-C`[
M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@/$M+2!%;F0@5&%B;&4@2&5A


3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]

T0R/C0X
M+#4T-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`\

M8V]S='
\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXQ+#
W-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R






#!E




M;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL


M

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY!;6]R=&EZ871I
M;VX\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M



T0R/BDF(S$V

T0Q/B8C
38P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH-RPY

T0R
M/BDF(S$V

#L\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



#`P
M


M
#`P

M9#X-B`@(#PO='(^(`T*(`@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C8V-E969F/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N=UF
M86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^


T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG


#(W/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
M

#L\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

#`P


T0G8F]R

M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@

#`P




M;BUB;W1T;VTZ

T0G

@;6]D:69I960@;VX@1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LQ
M
2P@
C`Q




M(&9E97




M;W(@=&AE('EE87(@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LS
2P@
C`Q


]
T1P;!V
M86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4F5S=')I8W1E9!#87-H/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\(2TM1$]#5%E012!H=&UL(%!50DQ)0R`B+2\O5S-#
M+R]$5$0@6$A434P@
2XP(%1R86YS:71I;VYA;\O14XB()H='1P.B\O=W=W



M


T0G;6%R




M96UE;G0@86YD(&%N(&5S8W)O=R!A9W)E96UE;G0@9F]R('1H92!G=6%R86YT





]

M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\(2TM1$]#5%E012!H=&UL
M(%!50DQ)0R`B+2\O5S-#+R]$5$0@6$A434P@,2XP(%1R86YS:71I;VYA;\O


5]A8V-O=6YT:6YG7W!O;&EC




M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY/=7(@16=G(%!R;V1U8W1S($1I

M;V]D($-A;F%D82!
=&0N*2X@271S(&9I;F%N8VEA;!S=&%T96UE;G1S(&%R
M92!I;F-L=61E9!I;B!O=7(-B`@(&-O;G-O;&ED871E9!F:6YA;F-I86P@









M;&4]



M;&4]



T0R/D%S(&]F($1E8V5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
CDL(#(P
M
3(L('=E(&AA=F4@:6YV97-T960@)#(@;6EL;&EO;BP@;W5R(#4P)2!S:&%R







@82!G=6%R


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M


]

24

M0R\O1%1$(%A(5$U
(#$N


M+6=A87`Z4F5V96YU95)E8V]G;FET:6]N4&]L:6-Y5&5X=$)L;V-K+2T^#0H@





@





T0R/B@Q


CM!(')E=F5N=64@=')A;G-A8W1I;VX@:7
@:6YI=&EA=&5D(&%N




M:&5N('!R;V]F(&]F(&1E;&EV97)Y(&]F('1H92!R96-E:7!T(&]F(&=O;V1S



M


M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CX-B`@(@T*2!#;VQL96-T86)I

3([5V4@:&%V92!A(&1O


M


'!X.R!T97AT+6EN


M('=I=&@@=7







#M!;B!A8V-R=6%L


@




@:6YC;'5D92!C


N(%=E(&AA=F4@8V]N=')A8W1U86P@87)R86YG96UE;G1S

M:7-C;W5N='
@=&\@9&5T97)M:6YE('1H92!A8V-R=65D('!R;VUO=&EO;B!C




M+2\O5S-#+R]$5$0@6$A434P@
2XP(%1R86YS:71I;VYA;\O14XB()H='1P






M


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M




M;W5P;VYS+B8C


M;V=R86US+B8C


38P
M.U9O;'5M928C.#(Q




M87)Y)B
Q-C`[
2P@
C`Q
2!A;F0@2G5N928C



\+W1D/@T*




'!X.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#HT





M(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\(2TM1$]#5%E012!H=&UL(%!50DQ)0R`B+2\O5S-#
M+R]$5$0@6$A434P@
2XP(%1R86YS:71I;VYA;\O14XB()H='1P.B\O=W=W



M




@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


@:6X@=VAI8V@@=&AE(&1I

M=7

M;F-O;64@=&%X97



:6ME=VES
2!D:69F97)E;F-E<R!A;F0@









T0G;6%R9VEN+71O





L('=E#0H@






















M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


@/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@(`\



3$L('1H92!&:6YA
M;F-I86P@06-C;W5N=&EN9R!3=&%N9&%R9'

M)B
X
C(Q.RD@:7-S=65D(&%N('5P9&%T92!T;R!A8V-O=6YT:6YG(&=U:61A

M92!W87







T0G;6%R9VEN+71O






@;V8@;W1H97(-B`@
M(&-O;7!R96AE;G-I=F4@:6YC;VUE(&%N9!O9B!N970@:6YC;VUE(&EN(&]N



@

@;V8-B`@(&ET96US(&]U=!O9B!A8V-U




#$R(&%N9!W92!H879E('!R97-E;G1E9!I;B!O;F4@8V]N=&EN=6]U






M
'!X/B8C

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY)
M;B!397!T96UB97(@
C`Q







@




'!X



]

24

(#$N



'!X.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N





#$R('=I=&@@96%R;'D@

M=&EO;B!O9B!T:&ES(&=U:61A;F-E('1O(&AA=F4@86X@:6UP86-T(&]N(&]U

M;G
#L@=&5X=UI;F1E


C`[04]#228C.#(R







@8GD@:6YC;VUE('-T871E;65N=!L:6YE(&ET96TL
M(&]R(&EN(&$@;F]T92X@5&AE(&%D;W!T:6]N(&]F('1H:7,@=7!D871E9!G


M=&EO;G
#L@=&5X=UI








]

]
T1T



T1T;W`^

M:6-I97



24

M1%1$(%A(5$U
(#$N



M;&4]


T0W-4^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-B4^)B,Q-C`[
M/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(#PO='(^(`T*(`@/'1R/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T



3XF(S$V

3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&%L:6=N


M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P
M86X]

M

M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V-C965F9CX@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@

T0G;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z
2XP
&5M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM
M
2XP




3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L


M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F

T0R/C(X+#DX.3PO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T


T0G;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z
2XP
&5M.R!T97AT+6EN
M9&5N=#HM
2XP



M:7-H960@9V]O9'
\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N

@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$


T0G;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z
2XP
&5M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N
M=#HM
2XP



3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T

M
S

M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T

T1B


T0G8F]R9&5R

#`P


T0G8F]R

#`P

M9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^(`T*(`@/'1R/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N
M=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXD/]F;VYT/CPO

M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF

M93TS1#(^)#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]


T0R/C$U.PU,C(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@


M

7!X/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^


W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V

Q-C`[/]P/@T*
M(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
M
#`P)SXF(S$V

Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`\(2TM($5N9!486)L92!;V1Y(TM/@T*



M(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\(2TM1$]#5%E012!H=&UL(%!50DQ)0R`B+2\O5S-#
M+R]$5$0@6$A434P@
2XP(%1R86YS:71I;VYA;\O14XB()H='1P.B\O=W=W








T0W-4^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M.4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^(`T*(`@/'1R/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M


P
#`P



T1B;W1T;VT^

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`\+W1R/B`-

M
T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D




T0Q/D1E8V5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
CDL/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M
38P.S
Q+#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`\+W1R/B`-

M
T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D


F4],T0Q/B8C,38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@<VEZ93TS1#$^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO

M
#`P


T0Q/C(P
3$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D





@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$

MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

Q-C`[

T0R
M/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N


M:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A



M
T0R/B8C


M

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]

T0R/C(L


@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G

@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXV+#4P
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R
M87`]



#L\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@

Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\

Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@
M(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
M
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@(#QP('-T









T1B


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXD/]F;VYT/CPO
M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF

M93TS1#(^-BPU



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D


M9VX]

M;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P



#`P


]
M


24

(#$N

M;#$M=')A;G-I=&EO;F%L+F1T9(@+2T^#0H@(`\(2TM($)E9VEN($)L;V-K

M;W)D97(]


T1C96YT97(^#0H@(`\(2TM($)E
M9VEN(%1A8FQE($AE860@+2T^#0H@(`\='(^(`T*(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M-30E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#@E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@
M/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@
M/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#@E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C


T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

Q-C`[
M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

M

38P.VEN/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@

M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3Y3:6=N:69I8V%N=8C,38P
M.T]T:&5R/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,3Y3:6=N:69I8V%N=#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@


3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M1#$^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O



T0Q/D%C=&EV928C
M

F(S$V
#MF;W(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

Q
M-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS





M
T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D




T0Q/E5N;V)S97)V86)L93PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]



T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO
M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N

\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@

B!A;&EG;CTS1&-E;G1E



M


M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
M

M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O
M;'-P86X]

M;VTZ


#`P

T0Q/BA

3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&%L:6=N


3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0Q
M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O

#`P

M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3XH3&5V96P@
RD\+V9O

M
T0Q/B8C

P
#`P


M


T0G;6%R9VEN+6QE
M9G0Z
2XP
&5M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM
2XP




Q-C`[/]F;VYT
M/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@
M(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M1#$^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@


T0G;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z
RXP
&5M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM
M
2XP





@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N=UF
M86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^

3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O


M9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R





T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M



M
T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^(`T*(`@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C
M8V-E969F/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

3PO9F]N=#X\+W`^
M#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M93TS1#$^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT




T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A;6EL

T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N

M



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


T0R/B8C
M
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]


T0R/C`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@;F]W


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M93TS1#$^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT




T0R/B8C

P
#`P
#`G/B8C


P
#`P
#`G/B8C
38P.SPO


M
#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V

#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B


Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@
M/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/B8C





3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]

T0R/C`\+V9O



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT




M86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXD
M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS


#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
M




T1F

7!X/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*


W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V


Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@
M/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/B8C

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P
M)SXF(S$V

Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M;W`Z
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V


Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T
M9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P)SXF
M(S$V

Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(#PO='(^(`T*(`@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C8V-E969F/B`-B`@(#QT



M97


T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@
M#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q

M
T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P


N

@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D


2PV




T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO
M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^




T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG


2PV


T0R/B8C
38P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

T0G9F]N=UF
M86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXP/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^(`T*(`@/'1R(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C8V-E969F/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T1B;W1T;VT^

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]

T0R/C$Q
M-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D

M/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS



@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M

@
M;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(#PO




M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS

M


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$




@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

T0G9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXP/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

M;&4]


#`P
M


M
#`P

M9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@

P
#`P
#`G/B8C

P
#`P
#`G/B8C

38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`\

#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
M

#`P
#`P)SXF
M(S$V
#L\+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L

Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@

Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\
M=&0^)B


M93TS1#(^5&]T86P@;&EA8FEL:71I97


M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ



@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M

@
M;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M
T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXD/]F

M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXX+#@W
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT

M1#(^)B

M(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B

P
#`P
#`G/B8C


W!X(&1O=6)L
M92`C
#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B

P
#`P
#`G/B8C


W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
M
#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\

38P.SPO=&0^

M/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]



M8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$Q/&(^/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]




M/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@
M(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/B8C

T1B;W1T;VT^

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@

T0G

3XF(S$V


M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\





T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

Q-C`[

T0R
M/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N


M:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A



M
T0R/B8C


N

@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$



3XF(S$V


Q-C`[/]F
M;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I


#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N




3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@


#PO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`\+W1R/B`-

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B

Q
M-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*

M)B
Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@
M(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

7!X

M

M
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]





M(S`P
#`P


M:60@(S`P
#`P

M

M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT

M1#(^
BPY



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

Q-C`[

T0R
M/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N



T0G9F]N

@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O


BPY


M
T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\

M
T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXP/]F

T1B


M/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`\

Q
M-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*

P
#`P
#`G
M/B8C

38P.SPO=&0^(`T*


Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\

P
#`P
#`G/B8C


Q-C`[

P
#`P
#`G/B8C
M


Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@

P
#`P
#`G/B8C

M/'1D/B8C


M
T0G;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z
2XP
&5M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM
2XP
&5M)SX\



M/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@

#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO
M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^(`T*(`@/'1R/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]


@
M;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXP/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D(&YO

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B


3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]

T0R/C`\+V9O



T0R/B8C


N

M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@



T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M



M

@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@

T0G


N

@
M;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$







T0G9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T


#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V

#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B

Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@

Q-C`[/]P/@T*
M(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C



#L\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



M



M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS

M


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXD/]F;VYT
M/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT


#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R



M:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

M
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


#`P

M/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(`@/'`@


M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M

M;&4@(S`P
#`P



#L\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


#`P


M;&4]

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B

M(S`P
#`P






]
T1T97AT
M/CPA+2U$3T-465!%(&AT;6P@4%53$E#((M+R]7
T
O+T141!82%1-3`Q

N;W)G+U12+WAH
M=&UL

M+2!96=I;B!;&]C:R!486=G960@3F]T92!486)L93H@;F]T93%?=&%B;&4T


M1#`@=VED=&@]
T0Y
B4@8F]R9&5R/3-$
!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8V]L

M=&5R/@T*(`@/$M+2!96=I;B!486)L92!(96%D(TM/@T*(`@/'1R/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4V)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0X)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0X)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\

M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M


T0G

#`P

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3Y#;W)N


T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

Q
M-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS

M;64@*&EN('1O;G
I/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(#PO
M='(^(`T*(`@/'1R/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@



3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M86QI9VX]


3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQF

M93TS1#$^1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LS
2P\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,3XR,#$R/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0Q
M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O

#`P

M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3XR

M;&4]
T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,3XR
M,#$R/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T1C


#`P
M

@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
3XR
#$Q/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@
M(#PO='(^#0H@(`\(2TM($5N9!486)L92!(96%D(TM/@T*(`@/$M+2!
M96=I;B!486)L92!;V1Y(TM/@T*(`@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C8V-E969F
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]




T1B


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O



M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF

M93TS1#(^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O


T0R
M/B8C



M='


24
@

(#$N


M
T0Q



M=VED=&@]
T0T
4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0S
M-B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\
M=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\
M=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^(`T*(`@/'1R/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M



T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$,3Y&86ER(%9A;'5E(@Q*3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]



T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]




38P.S(P

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M93TS1#$^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O


3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]

M

#`P

;V-A=&EO;CPO9F]N

#`P

T0Q/D%S




#`P
#`P)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A;6EL


M





@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M

M;65N='
Z/]U/CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

#L\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

Q
M-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@
M#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M;&4]
T0G;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z
2XP
&5M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM
2XP
&5M



@)B
X


M

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$




T0R/B0\+V9O



M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH
2PX

T0R
M/BDF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]



@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$


M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B

#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`\

Q
M-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*

P
#`P
#`G
M/B8C

38P.SPO=&0^(`T*


Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\

P
#`P
#`G/B8C


Q-C`[

P
#`P
#`G/B8C
M


Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@

P
#`P
#`G/B8C

M/'1D/B8C


T0G;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z
2XP
&5M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N
M=#HM
2XP




#L\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C





@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG





T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A;6EL


M;&4]

M9VX]

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXI)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O


M9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R


T0R/C


M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0Q
M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^



M

7!X/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT



W!X
M(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[

P
#`P
#`G/B8C




W!X(&1O
M=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B

P
#`P
#`G/B8C


M;F1E;G0Z+3$N



3XF(S$V


M9VX]

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT




M86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXD
M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS



@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B
Q-C`[


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH-BPU
M



T0R/BDF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(#PO

M1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO


W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^#0H@

Q-C`[/]P
M/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
M
#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V

Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^


W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V

Q-C`[/]P/@T*
M(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
M
#`P)SXF(S$V

Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`\(2TM($5N9!486)L92!;V1Y(TM/@T*





M/$M+2!96=I;B!;&]C:R!486=G960@3F]T92!486)L93H@;F]T93%?=&%B
M;&4V(T@=7

M;65N='-3=&%T96UE;G1S3V9&:6YA;F-I86Q097)F;W)M86YC94%N9$9I;F%N




Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$
R4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@
M#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@
M(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
R4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@
M#0H@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,R4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,R4^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@
M#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
R4^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@
M#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^(`T*(`@/'1R/B`-B`@

M;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]



3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0T(&%L

7!X('-O;&ED



M86QI9VX]



T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]


B!A


M9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M93TS1#$^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

P
#`P




M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

P
M
#`P



Q-C`[16%R;FEN9W
\+V9O;G0^

T0Q
M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A


T1C96YT97(^


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

P
M
#`P


38P.RA

M960F(S$V

T0G;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z
2XP
&5M.R!T
M97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM
2XP
&5M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A;6EL


3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

#L\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M93TS1#$^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^


T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,3X\8CX\+V(^1F]R('1H92!Y96%R(&5N9&5D($1E
M8V5M8F5R(#(Y+`R



T0G;6%R9VEN+6QE
M9G0Z
2XP
&5M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM
2XP

T0R/D-O;6UO

@)B
X

M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#LH
2PR



T0R/BDF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ+#(Q
SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

38P
M.V]F)B

\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*

M9VX]



W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
M
#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@
M(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

P
#`P
#`G/B8C

M
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG

M86QI9VX]

#`P

MB`@(#PO='(^(`T*(`@/'1R/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X],T0Q-!A;&EG

3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-B`@(#PO='(^(`T*(`@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C8V-E969F/B`-B`@





M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF

M93TS1#(^)#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]


T0R/B`Q+#$V-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T

M)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\

M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

Q
M-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N

M
T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L



3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N



@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXV
SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R
M87`]



#L\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@

P
#`P
#`G/B8C


MB`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

#`P


T0G8F]R

M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^


W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V

Q-C`[/]P/@T*
M(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^(`T*(`@
M/'1R/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V

M
38^)B

M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O
M;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A

T0Q/CQB/CPO8CY&;W(@=&AE


M;&]R/3-$(V-C965F9CX@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@/'`@

T0G;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z
2XP
&5M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM
2XP
M



@)B
X


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CX@
2PX
M



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]




\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]



@
M;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A


34\+V9O;G0^



T0R/B8C


#`P

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B

P
#`P
#`G/B8C
M


M1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

#`P
M





T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$,3X\8CX\+V(^1F]R('1H92!S:7@@;6]N=&AS(&5N9&5D($IU;F4@,C8L
M(#(P,3`\8CX\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(#PO




3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M93TS1#$^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P

T0G;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z
2XP
&5M.R!T97AT
M+6EN9&5N=#HM
2XP



@
M)B
X


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CX@*#0P-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\



\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N
M=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXD/]F;VYT/CPO


T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CY#;W-T(&]F('-A;&5S/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@



7!X/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/B8C

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P
M)SXF(S$V

Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C


W!X(&1O=6)L
M92`C
#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@
M#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L

P
#`P
#`G/B8C

M/B8C




M(&YO=&4Q7W1A8FQE-R`M('5S+6=A87`Z4V-H961U;&5/9D]T:&5R1&5R:79A
M=&EV97-.;W1$97-I9VYA=&5D07-(961G:6YG26YS=')U;65N='-3=&%T96UE


M:6YG/3-$


M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-4^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^(`T*(`@/'1R/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M


P
#`P


Q-C`[;V8\+V9O

@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

P
#`P



T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D



3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@

3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0Q
M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O

#`P

M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

CDL

3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&%L

7!X('-O;&ED



#`P
#`P)SX\9F]N

M
28C
M

M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M;&5F=#HQ

#`P


#`P



3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O

M
T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D

30@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@


#`P

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$



T0G
M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CY#;VUM;V1I
M='D@8V]N=')A8W1S(8C.#(Q

M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L


@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS



@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]


M9VX]

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXI)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O


M9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R


T0R/B@T-#



T0R/BDF(S$V
#L\+V9O


#`P



M(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B

M(S`P
#`P



#L\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

#`P

M

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T

M
#`P



Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\

P
#`P
#`G/B8C



M969T.C$N

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY);G1E

M/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]


T0R/B@R+#
W
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT

M1#(^*28C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\

M

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXD/]F
M;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I


#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N



Q-C`[

T0R
M/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N



T0G9F]N

38P.SPO=&0^(`T*
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-

T1B;W1T

M
#`P

M9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@

MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

#`P


T1B;W1T;VT^

#`P
M


Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@

P
#`P
#`G/B8C

M/'1D/B8C


]
T1T97AT/CPA+2U$3T-465!%(&AT;6P@4%53$E#((M+R]7
T
O

M=S
N;W)G+U12+WAH=&UL


T0P('=I




M=&0@=VED=&@]
T0V-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-R4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-R4^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-R4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B

3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&%L:6=N


MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

Q-C`[

P
#`P





#`P

T0Q/E1O=&%L

3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-B`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`\(2TM($5N9!486)L92!(96%D(TM/@T*(`@



M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P

M(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/B8C

T0G;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z
2XP
M
&5M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM
2XP
&5M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT

T0R/D)A;&%N8V4@870@


M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF

M93TS1#(^)#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]


T0R/C
L.#4U/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]





T0R/B8C


N

M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$



#L\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

Q-C`[

T0R
M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]


T0R/B@W-S8\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\

T0R/BDF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^(`T*(`@/'1R/B`-B`@(#QT




M(#PO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L






#`P



#`P


P
#`P
#`G/B8C


P
#`P
#`G/B8C

M/B8C

#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^#0H@

#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^
M#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V



M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@


S
M-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]


T0R/B0\+V9O



M/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]


T0R/C

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(S$V

#L\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

#`P

M

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T

M
#`P



#L\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

#`P


T0G


38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*

M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P



M:60@(S`P
#`P

Q-C`[

T0G8F]R9&5R+71O

#`P

T0C8V-E969F/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1T
F4],T0Q/B8C,38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^(`T*(`@
M/'1R/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


@
M;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A


#PO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@


T0C8V-E969F/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXR+#`Y,CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@

3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N



T0G;6%R
M9VEN+6QE9G0Z
RXP
&5M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM
2XP

T0R




M
#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V

#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B


Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@
M/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/B8C





3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O


M9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R


T0R/C$L-S4V/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D(&YO=W)A

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

M
T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ+#4R
M
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`\+W1R




M;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@



M


#L\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

Q
M-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N

M
T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]


T0R/B@U
3

T0R
M/BDF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH

@
M;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`\

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M;W`Z




M(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@




@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY86QA;F-E(&%T($1E8V5M8F5R(#,Q+`R

3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L


M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F

T0R/C$L

@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N
M=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXD/]F;VYT/CPO

@
M;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXT-C
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@

T0R/B8C
38P



N

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$


M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS


M/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@



T0G9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXI)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO

T0G;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z
RXP
&5M.R!T97AT+6EN
M9&5N=#HM
2XP



M871I;VX@861J=7-T;65N=#PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT

M/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@



T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M



T1F

7!X/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*






M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@

T1B;W1T;VT^



#`P

T0G8F]R9&5R+71O

#`P

M(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^(`T*(`@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
M
T0C8V-E969F/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


C`Q
CPO9F]N=#X\

M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH
2PR
#$\+V9O;G0^



T0R/BDF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N=UF
M86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^


@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH
2PW-#$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@

T0R/BDF(S$V
M

#L\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

#`P


T0G8F]R

M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@

#`P


#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]

#`P


T0G8F]R9&5R

M(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@/$M+2!%;F0@

T1F


'!X
M/B8C




!W:61T:#TS1#$P,4^(`T*



M87
@)#$L-#(U+`D,S(V(&%N9`H)#$L
C4U*2!F;W(@=&AE('EE87)S(&5N

2P@
C`Q
2!A

2P@
M
C`Q





M96=M96YT/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\(2TM1$]#
M5%E012!H=&UL(%!50DQ)0R`B+2\O5S-#+R]$5$0@6$A434P@
2XP(%1R86YS

M+WAH=&UL


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

M9VEN(%1A8FQE($AE860@+2T^#0H@(`\='(^(`T*(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M-C(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#0E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@
M/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#0E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@
M/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#0E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#0E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C
M

3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M1#$^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


T0Q/B8C
M
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P
M86X]

M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT

T0Q/B8C

M/3-$
B!V86QI9VX]



M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]




T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@

3XF(S$V

T0Q/B8C
M

B!V86QI9VX]
M


3XF(S$V

T0Q/B8C
38P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]




T1B;W1T

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D




3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@
M#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]



#`P
#`P)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A;6EL


P
M
#`P


\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!C

B!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]

M;&4]

#`P

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
3Y4;W1A;#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`\+W1R/@T*
M(`@/$M+2!%;F0@5&%B;&4@2&5A9`M+3X-B`@(#PA+2T@0F5G:6X@5&%B



M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T

M)#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M




M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXY
BPX
#8\+V9O;G0^



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A



T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M,CXT.PU



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

Q-C`[

T0R
M/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N



M
T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^(`T*(`@/'1R/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

M86QI9VX]

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO
M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F

T0R/B8C
38P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R


T0R/C(S.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
M





M9VX]


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N






M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL




M/B8C

#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^#0H@

#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^
M#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*






M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@

T1B;W1T;VT^



@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^





@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

T0G9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXY,BPX.#(\+V9O;G0^/]T

M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT

M1#(^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O


MB`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT

M1#(^)B


@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L

T0G9F]N







#`P



#`P


P
#`P
#`G/B8C


P
#`P
#`G/B8C

M/B8C

#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^#0H@

#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^
M#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[









T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M1#$^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXY,BPX.#(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


M/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS

@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXX
S`L
#$W/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D(&YO=W)A

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O


#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

#`P

T0G8F]R9&5R+71O

M(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


#`P



M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]

M;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P



M
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


#`P

M/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(`@/'`@




24

(#$N

M($)L;V-K(%1A9V=E9!.;W1E(%1A8FQE.B!N;W1E,5]T86)L93$P(T@=7
M


Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@
M(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@
M#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@
M(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$-B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@
M(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(#PO

3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@
M(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N



T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M93TS1#$^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O


T0Q/D1E8V5M
M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
S$L/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(#PO
M='(^(`T*(`@/'1R/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@

P
#`P
#`G


C`Q
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@

P
#`P


C`Q
3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]



M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXU
C$L

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]


M;&4]
T0G;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z
2XP
&5M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM
2XP
&5M


T0R/D%C8W5M=6QA=&5D(&%M;W)T:7IA=&EO;CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O




T0G9F]N
M=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXI)B,Q-C`[/]F




#`P

T0G8F]R9&5R+71O

#`P


P
#`P
#`G/B8C
38P.SPO

P
#`P
#`G/B8C
38P



3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O


Q
M-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG




Q



@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L

T0G9F]N
M=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXQ,3$L,#`P/]F

T1B


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O




T0G9F]N

38P.SPO=&0^(`T*


#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT


#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q


Q-C`[
M/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^

@
M;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A


M9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T


7!X
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

W!X(&1O
M=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V


Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\
M=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P


W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^

Q-C`[
M/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^
M#0H@(`\(2TM($5N9!486)L92!;V1Y(TM/@T*(`@/]T86)L93X@#0H\


24
@(BTO

(#$N

M+F1T9(@+2T^#0H@(`\(2TM($)E9VEN($)L;V-K(%1A9V=E9!.;W1E(%1A
M8FQE.B!N;W1E,5]T86)L93$Q(T@=7





T1C96YT97(^#0H@(`\(2TM($)E9VEN(%1A8FQE($AE860@
M+2T^#0H@(`\='(^(`T*(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$.#@E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#8E/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@/$M+2!%;F0@



@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O



@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^(`T*(`@/'1R/B`-B`@



C`Q-#PO

M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL

T0G;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z
2XP
&5M
M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM
2XP
&5M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A

T0R/C(P
34\+V9O;G0^/]P
M/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXS



@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXR

3XF(S$V


Q-C`[/]F;VYT
M/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT




M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^



C`Q





24
@(BTO

(#$N

M+F1T9(@+2T^#0H@(`\(2TM($)E9VEN($)L;V-K(%1A9V=E9!.;W1E(%1A
M8FQE.B!N;W1E,5]T86)L93$R(T@;6EC9CI38VAE9'5L94]F1&5F97)R961&


M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M.4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q

M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
M


#LR.2P\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@

B!A;&EG;CTS1&-E;G1E


T0Q/D1E8V5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
S$L/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^(`T*(`@/'1R/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M


P
#`P


C`Q
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


P
#`P


C`Q
3PO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M1#$^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@/$M+2!%;F0@





3XF(S$V


M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\


T0R/C0X+#4T-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N





\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G

@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ+#
W-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R
M87`]





M;G0Z+3$N





M;BUL969T.C$N

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY!
M;6]R=&EZ871I;VX\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N

@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$



T0R/BDF(S$V
#L\+V9O

M
T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T


M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH-RPY
30\+V9O;G0^



T0R/BDF(S$V

M(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]





M:60@(S`P
#`P



#`P

T0C8V-E
M969F/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M
T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXD/]F


T0G9F]N

@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O



@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(S$V

#L\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


#`P


M;&4]

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B

M(S`P
#`P





S@P.&$U96)?
M
V%D9%\T8C(Y7SDX
#5?-S=E-V$Y
#

O4VAE970R
M


M
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q





T0Q(')O=W-P86X]



]


M9VX]



T1T;W`^3&]N9RUT97)M(&1E8G0\



M;W)D97(]


T1C96YT97(^#0H@(`\(2TM($)E
M9VEN(%1A8FQE($AE860@+2T^#0H@(`\='(^(`T*(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M-S0E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#0E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@
M/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#0E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@
M/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C


T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

Q
M-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS



T0Q/D1E8V5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
M
CDL/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N

@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

38P.S
Q+#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

Q-C`[


T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

Q
M-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS




#`P

T0Q/C(P
3$\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I

T0Q/B8C


#!E;3L@

M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M(S@R

M(#PO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]


T0R/C`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\

T0R/B8C
M
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L

T0G9F]N
M=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXP/]F;VYT/CPO

T1B;W1T;VT^

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^(`T*(`@/'1R
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


3XF(S$V


Q-C`[/]F;VYT
M/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT


#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
M





@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L



M;&4]

@
M;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\

M

M9VX]

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(#PO
M='(^(`T*(`@/'1R/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

M;&4]

T0G;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z
2XP
&5M
M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM
2XP
&5M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A



3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T

M

M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M;&4]

@
M;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ


M

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY'=6%R86YT965S

3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T



M;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL



M
T0G;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z
2XP
&5M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM
2XP
&5M)SX\




T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

M;&4]


T0G;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z
2XP
&5M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM
2XP
M




3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT

M1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V


N

@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY#=7)R96YT(&UA='5R:71I97
\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(`@

T0Q
M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^


M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ.2PX
S



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A;6EL

T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N

M
T0R/C$P+#`Y-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R





T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

M;&4]



7!X/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C



#L\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



#L\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXQ+#$X.2PU-S`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ+#(T
M



7!X/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
M
#`P)SXF(S$V

Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*


W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V


Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@
M/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B



M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\(2TM1$]#5%E012!H=&UL(%!50DQ)0R`B+2\O
M5S-#+R]$5$0@6$A434P@
2XP(%1R86YS:71I;VYA;\O14XB()H='1P.B\O


M9'1D(B`M+3X-B`@(#PA+2T@0F5G:6X@0FQO8VL@5&%G9V5D($YO=&4@5&%B
M;&4Z(&YO=&4S7W1A8FQE,B`M('5S+6=A87`Z4V-H961U;&5/9DUA='5R:71I
M97-/9DQO;F=497)M1&5B=%1A8FQE5&5X=$)L;V-K+2T^#0H@(`\=&%B;&4@

T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

M9VEN(%1A8FQE($AE860@+2T^#0H@(`\='(^(`T*(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M.#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#DE/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@
M/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C


T0G;6%R9VEN+6QE
M9G0Z
2XP
&5M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM
2XP

T0R/C(P
3
\
M+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]


M

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^
M(`T*(`@/'1R/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.G1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;B<@
M<VEZ93TS1#(^,C`Q-#PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO
M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F

T0R/B8C
38P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R


T0R/C4L
3DP/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D(&YO=W)A

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O



M


T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
MB`@(#PO='(^(`T*(`@/'1R/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^#0H@

MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

Q-C`[

T0R
M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]


T0R/C(L
#DU/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(S$V






T0G9F]N
M=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^(`T*(`@/'1R/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F

T0R/C$L
3@X+#
Y
M
SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`\+W1R


]
T1T97AT
M/CPA+2U$3T-465!%(&AT;6P@4%53$E#((M+R]7
T
O+T141!82%1-3`Q

N;W)G+U12+WAH
M=&UL

M+2!96=I;B!;&]C:R!486=G960@3F]T92!486)L93H@;F]T93-?=&%B;&4S


T0W-B4@8F]R9&5R/3-$
!S='EL93TS1=B

M:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/@T*(`@/$M+2!96=I;B!486)L92!(96%D(TM/@T*

M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0X)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0X)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9#XF(S$V

M:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T1C96YT



M;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]


M97(F(S$V
#LS
2P\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@/]T



T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$,3XR,#$R/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M86QI9VX]


M:60@(S`P
#`P

@
M;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3XR
#$Q/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`\(2TM($5N9!486)L92!(96%D(TM/@T*
M(`@/$M+2!96=I;B!486)L92!;V1Y(TM/@T*(`@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
M
T0C8V-E969F/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A


CPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M




M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

Q
M-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N

M
T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]


T0R/B@U+#0Y
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT

M1#(^*28C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]

T0R
M/B@S+#4X
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*

M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

P
M
#`P
#`G/B8C


P
#`P
#`G/B8C

38P


#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V


#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^#0H@(`\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V

M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ-PS-#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ
BPQ
M



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@/]T


T1B;W1T

M
#`P

M9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@

MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

#`P

M9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`\(2TM($5N

]


24

M5$U
(#$N

T0Y
B4@8F]R9&5R/3-$

M(&QE9G0G(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/@T*(`@/$M+2!96=I;B!486)L92!(
M96%D(TM/@T*(`@/'1R/B`-B`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#8P)3XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V

3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



M9`C,#`P,#`P)SX\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V

T0Q/B8C
38P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M;CTS1#(@86QI9VX]

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P

M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M)B


T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M1#$^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O


P
#`P

T0Q/B8C
38P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS


T0Q/E-I

3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R

7!X('-O

3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T1C


#`P
M

@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$

38P.S

3$\+V9O;G0^

T0Q
M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A




M)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\

P
#`P
#`G/CQF;VYT('-T

M2G5N928C
38P.S(V+#PO9F]N=#X\8G(@+SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT

T0Q/C(P
3`\+V9O;G0^

T0Q
M/B8C



M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$



3XF(S$V


M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N

M
T0R/C@Q+#DX-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R




T0G

@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS



@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V






T1B;W1T;VT^



M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V



M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT

M1#(^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O




3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D


2PX
C@\



T0R/B8C


#!E;3L@=&5X

M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY!;6]R=&EZ871I;VX@;V8@;W)I
M9VEN86P@:7-S=64@9&ES8V]U;G0@;VX@;&]N9RUT97)M(&1E8G0\+V9O;G0^
M/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR+#$U-3PO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T



T1B;W1T;VT@


#`P
#`P)SX\9F]N

M
T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]

T0R

M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@
M(#PO='(^(`T*(`@/'1R/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^#0H@(`\





M/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS


T0G

@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L

T0G9F]N

3XF(S$V


Q-C`[/]F;VYT
M/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT


#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R


#`P

M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M;&4]

@
M;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXP/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D(&YO

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\




T0Q/B8C
38P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH.#(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\

T0R/BDF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH


@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D


T0G8F]R9&5R+7)I

#`P
#`P)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A

T0R/BDF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0Q
M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^


M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH
3

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXI)B


M86QI9VX]

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO
M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F

T0R/B8C
38P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R


T0R/B@R



T0R/BDF(S$V
#L\+V9O

M
T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T


M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$



T0R/BDF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXH


P
#`P


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


T0R/B8C
M
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]


T0R/B@W.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N
M;W=R87`]


38P

M9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@

P
#`P
#`G/B8C

P
#`P
#`G/B8C

38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`\

#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
M

#`P
#`P)SXF
M(S$V
#L\+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L

Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@

Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\


#`P


P
#`P
#`G
M/B8C


P
#`P
M
#`G/B8C

38P.SPO=&0^

T0G;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z
M
RXP
&5M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM
2XP
&5M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F

T0R/DEN=&5R97-T


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXY

M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXY.PQ-#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXU
BPX-S$\


P
#`P
M


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@





W!X(&1O
M=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B

P
#`P
#`G/B8C


W!X(&1O=6)L
M92`C
#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V




W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P)SXF
M(S$V
#L\+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V



M
S@P.&$U96)?
V%D9%\T8C(Y7SDX
#5?-S=E-V$Y
#
Y.30S#0I#;VYT96YT
M+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S
X
#AA-65B7S-A9&1?-&(R.5\Y.#`U


C
N:'1M;`T*0V]N=&5N



^+RH@


M





3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H/@T*(`@(`@

M+B`R.2P@
C`Q

]



M=#X\(2TM1$]#5%E012!H=&UL(%!50DQ)0R`B+2\O5S-#+R]$5$0@6$A434P@
M

M:'1M;#$O1%1$+WAH=&UL


T1B

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@




P
#`P


M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I

T0Q/B8C

M
T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,3Y996%R
M($5N9&5D/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M


M
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

T1C96YT97(^/&9O



#`P
#`P)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A;6EL

T0Q/D1E8V5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
CDL

3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&%L

7!X('-O;&ED

M:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T1C96YT


#`P

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
3Y*86YU87)Y)B
Q-C`[
2P\8G(@+SXR

P
#`P

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M93TS1#$^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O


3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@
M(#PO='(^#0H@(`\(2TM($5N9!486)L92!(96%D(TM/@T*(`@/$M+2!





T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G8F]R

#`P

M





3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]

T0R/C8L
M

@
M;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M
T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXD/]F

M:'0Z

M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF

M93TS1#(^)#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]


T0R/C`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@

T0R/B8C
38P



N

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$




@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT

M1#(^


P
#`P


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@


T1F;VYT

7!X/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M;W`Z




M(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@




#`P



#`P

Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/B8C



M
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG



@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXX+#8R-SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N





M;&4]

#`P

T0R
M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]

T0R/C$L
M

@
M;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(#PO

M1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

T1B;W1T

T0G8F]R9&5R+71O

#`P


T0G8F]R9&5R

#`P


P
#`P
#`G/B8C
38P

P
#`P
#`G/B8C
M


P
#`P
#`G/B8C
38P


#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V


#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^#0H@(`\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V



@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

T0Q/B8C
M
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT

M/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@
M(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B


#`P
#`P

M(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V


M;&4]

M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@



T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O



M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V





#`P


T0R/BDF(S$V

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M;&4]

@
M;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH
30L
C8X/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI
M)B

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N


M;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXI)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@




#`P


T0R/BDF(S$V

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M;&4]

@
M;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXT-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N
M;W=R87`]


Q-C`[




T1B

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXI)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V


Q-C`[/]F
M;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I


M87`]


38P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M93TS1#$^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT

T0R/B@W
34\+V9O;G0^


P
#`P
#`G/CQF

M93TS1#(^*28C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A;6EL

T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N

M



T0R/BDF(S$V

M(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B

M

M9`C,#`P,#`P)SXF(S$V,#L\+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@

T0G8F]R

#`P


T0G

#`P


P
#`P
#`G
M/B8C


P
#`P
M
#`G/B8C


P
#`P
#`G
M/B8C

#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^#0H@

#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^
M#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$


@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L

T0G9F]N
M=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXH,3`L.#`Q/]F

T1B


#`P
#`P


T0R/BDF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXH


M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B

#L\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L

Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@

Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\
M=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P





M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B

M

M9`C,#`P,#`P)SXF(S$V,#L\+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]


M
#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^
M)B

Q-C`[

Q
M-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(#PO
M='(^(`T*(`@/'1R/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^)B,Q-C`[/]T

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A


3(L-3(T/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]




@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXH




@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXD
M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS


M;W=R87`]


38P

M9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@

MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

#`P


T1B;W1T;VT^

#`P
M

M#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D


#`P


Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
M
#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V

Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`\(2TM($5N9!486)L92!;V1Y(TM




M=&0B(TM/@T*(`@/$M+2!96=I;B!;&]C:R!486=G960@3F]T92!486)L
M93H@;F]T931?=&%B;&4R(T@=7






T1C96YT97(^#0H@(`\
M(2TM($)E9VEN(%1A8FQE($AE860@+2T^#0H@(`\='(^(`T*(`@/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$-S0E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#8E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#8E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*


T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M1#$^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O


C`Q
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M


P
#`P


#LS
2P\8G(@
M+SXR
#$Q/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^#0H@
M(`\(2TM($5N9!486)L92!(96%D(TM/@T*(`@/$M+2!96=I;B!486)L
M92!;V1Y(TM/@T*(`@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C8V-E969F/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]


#L\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C


M969T.C
N

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY&;&]C


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXH-RPT



T0R/BDF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0Q
M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^



T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


M;&]R/3-$(V-C965F9CX@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@/'`@

T0G;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z
RXP
&5M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM
2XP
M



T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M;&4]

@
M;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ+#DU-SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!N;W=R87`]


Q
M-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N


N

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$

\+V9O
M;G0^/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ
RPR



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]


T0R/B8C
38P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M


T0R/C@L-3`Q/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D(&YO

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\


#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]


MB`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(`@/'`@


#`P



#`P

T0C8V-E969F/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]

M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF

M93TS1#(^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O




M
T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]

T0R

#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`\


@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^





#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V

#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B

Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@

Q-C`[/]P/@T*
M(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B



M;F-O;64@=&%X97
\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N

@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXV+#`T-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
M




T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^(`T*(`@/'1R/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M1#$^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^(`T*
M(`@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C8V-E969F/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1T



M9VX]

M

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A

T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\




M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B




T0R/BDF(S$V



\
M+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH
M

M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B


M.C
N

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY';V]D=VEL





#!E


T1B;W1T;VT^

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]

T0R/C(L
M

@
M;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M

@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M;W=R87`]


Q-C`[



M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V




@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXH,3$L-C@Q/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O


M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V-C965F9CX@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@

T0G;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z
RXP
&5M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM
M
2XP



M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T

M)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A


C8\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\

T0R/B8C
M
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]

T0R/C4L-#4Q

@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^

M='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@

T1B;W1T;VT^



#`P

T0G8F]R9&5R+71O

#`P

M(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^(`T*(`@/'1R/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]


M

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXI)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


Q-C`[
M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS


2PV.3$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@

T0R/BDF(S$V
M





7!X/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C


7!X('-O;&ED

#L\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



M;BUL969T.C$N

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY4

@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@

T0G


M/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS


M



T0G8F]R9&5R

#`P


T0G8F]R

#`P


P
#`P
#`G/B8C
M


P
#`P
#`G
M/B8C

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

T0G;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z-2XP
M
&5M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM
2XP
&5M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT

T0R/E1O=&%L(&1E9F5R


M/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS

@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH
C0W+#$U
3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R
M87`]


38P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M93TS1#$^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$




7!X/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
M
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@(#QP('-T

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\
M+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`\

Q
M-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

W!X(&1O
M=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V


Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\
M=&0^)B




M;G-O;&ED871E9!E9F9E8W1I=F4@=&%X(')A=&4\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\

]
T1T97AT/CPA+2U$3T-465!%(&AT;6P@4%53$E#((M+R]7
M
T
O+T141!82%1-3`Q+C`@5')A;G-I=&EO;F%L+R]%3B(@(FAT='`Z+R]W

N;W)G+U12+WAH=&UL


T0P('=I




M=&0@=VED=&@]
T0V
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[
M/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@
M#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@
M#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^(`T*(`@/'1R/B`-B`@

M;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


#`P
#`P)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F

T0Q/D-O;7!A;GD\


#`P

3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('-T

F4],T0Q/B8C,38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@

3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T1C


#`P
M

@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
3Y996%R($5N9&5D/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3Y3:7@F(S$V
#M-;VYT
M:'
\8G(@+SY%;F1E9#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B


#`P
#`P

@
M;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3Y3:7@F(S$V
#M-;VYT:'
\8G(@+SY%;F1E
M9#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


T0Q/B8C
M
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG




C`Q
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]


P
#`P


M
#LS
2P\8G(@+SXR
#$Q/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@



#`P
#`P)SX\


T0Q/DIU;F4F(S$V
#LR-BP\8G(@+SXR
#$P/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`\(2TM($5N9!486)L92!(96%D
M(TM/@T*(`@/$M+2!96=I;B!486)L92!;V1Y(TM/@T*(`@/'1R(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C8V-E969F/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O




T0G9F]N=UF
M86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXE)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT
M/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS


S4N
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T

#`P

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXE)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O





@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT

M1#(^

M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXE)B


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXE)B
Q
M-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N


T1B


#`P
#`P


T0R/B4F(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXH




M



@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$


@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L

T0G9F]N




@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$



M;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG


SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXH
S(N-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N


#`P

M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)28C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

Q
M-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N

M
T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]


T0R/C`N
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T

M)28C



@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$

\+V9O;G0^
M/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXP+C
\+V9O



T0R/B4F(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N

@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$



T0R/B4F(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0Q
M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^


M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH
34N-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T

#`P

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXI)28C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]

T0R



T0R/BDE)B


@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L

T0G9F]N

M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^




@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXQ,2XY/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*


M

#`P

T0R/B4F
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXP+C$\



T0R/B4F(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^



M
T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T


M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXI)28C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A

T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\


T0R/C$N
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

Q
M-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N

M
T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]




3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@


N
M-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N


#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(#PO

M1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

T1B;W1T

T0G8F]R9&5R+71O

#`P


T0G8F]R9&5R

#`P


P
#`P
#`G/B8C
38P

P
#`P
#`G/B8C
M


P
#`P
#`G/B8C
38P


#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V


#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^#0H@(`\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V

#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO
M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F

T0R/B8C
38P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R





T0R/B4F(S$V
#L\+V9O

M
T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T


M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXI)28C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A

T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\




P
#`P



T0Q/B8C
38P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


M;&4]



T0G8F]R



W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^#0H@
M(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

P
#`P
M
#`G/B8C



T0G8F]R9&5R



W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V




W!X
M(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9#XF(S$V







M;W)D97(]


T1C96YT97(^#0H@(`\(2TM($)E
M9VEN(%1A8FQE($AE860@+2T^#0H@(`\='(^(`T*(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M-C`E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#8E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@
M/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#8E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@
M/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#8E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#8E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C


T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

Q-C`[

M/3-$
3`@86QI9VX]

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P

M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

P
#`P

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M93TS1#$^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O


3XF(S$V

3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQF;VYT

M1#$^1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LR.2P\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

Q
M-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS



T0Q/D1E8V5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
M
S$L/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N

@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3Y*86YU87)Y)B
Q-C`[


#`P

M/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M(&-O;'-P86X]


38P
M.S(V+#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O


T0Q
M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A





#`P
M


T0Q/C(P
3$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

Q-C`[

M/3-$



P
#`P


C`Q
#PO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@/$M+2!%;F0@5&%B


M8F5N969I='


M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXT+#$R
3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT

M1#(^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS

M


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXD/]F;VYT
M/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT


M

M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT

M1#(^)#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]


T0R/C
L
3DX/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
M





T1B;W1T;VT^

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]

T0R/C
\



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO
M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F

T0R/B8C
38P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R



CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
M



M;&4]

@
M;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\

M
T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXP/]F

T1B

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^(`T*
M(`@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C8V-E969F/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1T










@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M



M/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS



@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXX.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L

M(S`P
#`P

@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G

@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ+#8W-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R
M87`]





\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G

@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH
2PW.3(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@;F]W


T0R/BDF(S$V
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXH




@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L



T0G
M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^(`T*(`@/'1R/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]



@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

T0G9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXH-3`X/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$,CXI)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT

M1#(^*#0Q.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@

M:60@(S`P
#`P

@
M;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@





#`P

T0G8F]R9&5R+71O

#`P


P
#`P
#`G/B8C
38P.SPO

P
#`P
#`G/B8C
38P


#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V

#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V

M9`C,#`P,#`P)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(`@


#`P


#`P

T0C8V-E969F/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]



T1B;W1T;VT^



M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T



M;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL

@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R
M87`]


#`P

M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0Q
M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^



T0R
M/B8C

M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


#`P

M(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

T1B

M(S`P
#`P

M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

#`P

Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

W!X(&1O
M=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V


Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\
M=&0^)B

M(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@/]B;V1Y/@T*/]H=&UL/@T*

X

M93=A.3`S.3DT






]

T1)1#!%344^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@

M;CTS1#$^
3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@

CDL(#(P
3(\

M0V]M;6ET;65N='
@86YD($-O;G1I;F=E;F-I97





M+W=W=RYW



96%S97-486)L951E


!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D

M/3-$8V5N=&5R/@T*(`@/$M+2!96=I;B!486)L92!(96%D(TM/@T*(`@
M/'1R/B`-B`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#@X)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0V)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9#XF(S$V



@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR

M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T

M)#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M


T0R/B`U+#8X-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N
M;W=R87`]


Q-C`[



@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L

T0G9F]N


T0G;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z
2XP
&5M.R!T97AT+6EN
M9&5N=#HM
2XP


T0R/C(P

T0Q/B8C
M
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O


M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT

M1#(^)B


M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

M;&4]

T0G;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z
2XP
&5M
M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM
2XP
&5M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A

T0R/C(P


T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXS+#0Y.#PO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T



@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$












]


]


]


M=RYW






M(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/@T*(`@/$M+2!96=I;B!486)L92!(96%D(TM
M/@T*(`@/'1R/B`-B`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4Y)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0S)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0S)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0S)3XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V

T0G9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,3XR,#$R/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N



#`P

T0Q
M/C(P
3`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`\(2TM($5N9!486)L



M+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]



XX,R4M,2XR,4\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



2XU
24M

T0Q/B8C
38P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



2XU.4\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^(`T*(`@/'1R/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1T



@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@



T0G;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z
2XP
&5M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM
M
2XP





@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY.;VYE/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T




]

M/$M+41/0U194$4@:'1M;!054)
24

(#$N
M


T0Q
#`E



M
T0U
4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@
M(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@
M(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\
M=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\
M=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\
M=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^(`T*(`@/'1R/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@

P
#`P


P
#`P


M9F]R;6%N8V4@5F5S=&EN9SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M



T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3Y796EG

M(`T*(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M
B!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]

M
T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,3Y796EG
M:'1E9T\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3Y796EG

M(`T*(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M
B!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]

M
T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,3Y796EG
M:'1E9T\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF

T0Q/B8C


3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\

3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@
M(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]



3XF(S$V
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@

B!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R
M87`@86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,3YA=F5R86=E/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT

T0Q/B8C

M/3-$
B!V86QI9VX]



@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M


3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&YO

M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

38P.U!R:6-E


3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]


@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$






T0G

M:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


7!X

M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]



M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O
M;'-P86X]

#`P

T0Q

T1B

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@




3XF(S$V

T0Q/B8C
M
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@8V]L



3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(#PO
M='(^#0H@(`\(2TM($5N9!486)L92!(96%D(TM/@T*(`@/$M+2!96=I




#LS
2P@
C`Q
3PO9F]N=#X\+W`^

3XF(S$V


M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N

M
T0R/C0P
2XW
3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R




T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D


BPX-S(N



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]


T0R/B8C
38P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M


T0R/C$Q+#`W
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N
M;W=R87`]


Q-C`[


T1B;W1T


M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^



M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF

M93TS1#(^)#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]


T0R/C4L

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^(`T*(`@/'1R/B`-B`@





3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O


M9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R



M;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG


#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF

M93TS1#(^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL

M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@

M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

Q
M-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N

M
T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]


T0R/C`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\

T0R/B8C
M
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P
M.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS


#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT

M1#(^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS

M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT


T1B

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A;6EL

T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N

M
T0R/B@R



T0R/BDF(S$V

T0Q/B8C
38P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@



M

@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@

T0G
M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXP/]F;VYT

T1B;W1T


M1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]

T0R/C`\



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO
M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT

M1#(^
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B

M(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*






M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT


M:60@(S`P
#`P



#`P

#L\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

#`P
#`P)SXF
M(S$V

#`P
#`P
M)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^(`T*(`@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C8V-E
M969F/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]

T0R/C$X+#$P
M.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D

M/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS


C0L

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*



3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L


M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F

T0R/C0L
S4X+C@V

@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G

@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXX+#DR
SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R
M87`]




T1B;W1T;VT^

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^(`T*(`@/'1R

M=&]M/B8C


P
#`P
#`G/B8C
38P

38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B

P
#`P
#`G/B8C

M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

W!X(&1O
M=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V


Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\
M=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P
M.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

#`P
M


#L\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG


M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@
M(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXW+C8W

@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@
M(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T


M/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/B8C

M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

P
#`P
#`G/B8C

38P
M.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^
M)B

P
#`P
#`G/B8C
38P

M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^


W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V

Q-C`[/]P/@T*
M(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B,Q-C`[
M/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

#`P

T0G8F]R9&5R+71O

M(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C






T0Q
M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^


M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ.PQ,#@\+V9O;G0^/]T


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXT
M
3(N



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


T0R/B8C
M
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]


T0R/C(T+#$W.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!N;W=R87`]


Q
M-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[

T0Q
M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^


M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D


M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@

M;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[

P
#`P
#`G/B8C


M(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M;W`Z
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V


Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T
M9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@
M#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M

M;&4@(S`P
#`P



#L\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@
M(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C


W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
M
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^(`T*(`@/'1R/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

Q
M-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N

M
T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]



@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]


M


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$




#L\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


T0R/B8C
M
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]


T0R/C`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@;F]W


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M93TS1#$^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT

M1#(^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O


#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!N;W=R87`]


Q
M-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[


M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]

M;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P



M
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@
M#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C


W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
M
#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@
M(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C


#`P

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P



P
#`P
#`G/B8C

38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V

#!E

M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M(#PO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS


#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF

M93TS1#(^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/B8C

M9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B

M(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B

M(S`P
#`P



#L\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B,Q-C`[
M/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/B8C



3)P

#L\+W`^

T0Q

T0T)2!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/CQF


@
M;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY&;V]T;F]T92!A;6]U;G1S(&AA=F4@8F5E


X

M.3DT



]
T1R

T1)1#!%


3(@36]N=&AS($5N

CDL(#(P


@4V5G;65N='
@


]
T1T97AT/CPA+2U$
M3T-465!%(&AT;6P@4%53$E#((M+R]7
T
O+T141!82%1-3`Q+C`@5')A

N;W)G+U12+WAH=&UL
2]$

2`M('5S


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

M(%1A8FQE($AE860@+2T^#0H@(`\='(^(`T*(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-C`E
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#DE/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#DE/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C
M
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#DE
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#DE/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C
M
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C
38P






T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,3Y#;VUP86YY/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M


T0G

#`P

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


T1B;W1T;VT^

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`\+W1R/B`-

M
T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D





M/D5N9&5D/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S

P
#`P
#`G/CQF;VYT

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M


B!A;&EG;CTS1&-E



M/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^(`T*(`@/'1R/B`-B`@

M;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]



3XF(S$V

T0Q/B8C
38P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M;CTS1#(@86QI9VX]

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P

M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

38P.S
Q+#QB

3$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]


B!A;&EG

M)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\

P
#`P
#`G/CQF;VYT('-T

M2G5N928C

3`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\



@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$

3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O


Q
M-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG


3$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@;F]W


T0R/B4F(S$V
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ
#PO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A

T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\






@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L


#!E

M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$



@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$




M;&4]

#`P

T0R
M/B4F(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ
M
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@/]T



T1T
M;W`^1FEN86YC:6%L(&EN9F]R;6%T:6]N(&]N(&]P97)A=&EN9R!S96=M96YT





T0P(&-E;&QP
M861D:6YG/3-$
!W:61T:#TS1#$P,4@8F]R9&5R/3-$
!S='EL93TS1=B

M:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/@T*(`@/$M+2!96=I;B!486)L92!(96%D(TM/@T*
M(`@/'1R/B`-B`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4W)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0S)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0S)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0S)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0S)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0S)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF
M(S$V

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@


3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R


#`P
#`P)SX\




M


P
#`P


Q-C`[)B
P
S@[
M/&)R(\^16QI;6EN871I;VYS/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V

T0Q/B8C
38P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M;CTS1#(@86QI9VX]

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P

M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3Y4;W1A;#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

Q-C`[
M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@/$M+2!%;F0@5&%B;&4@2&5A

#L\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
M


@
M;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CX\=3Y996%R(&5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R)B
Q
M-C`[
CDL(#(P

3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*

M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P
M.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@

M9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V



M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

@
M;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A


2PS
34L-S`U

@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G
M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXD/]F;VYT

M/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]


T0R/C


M
T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\

M
T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXP/]F

T1B


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXD/]F;VYT/CPO
M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF

M93TS1#(^
2PX-38L


M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^




M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V




T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXR,RPQ,C8\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@


M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL

3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O


Q
M-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG




M
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]





\+V9O
M;G0^/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ+#4R
M



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


T0R/B8C
M
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]


T0R/C(S
RPX.34\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\

T0R/B8C
M
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]

T0R/C(Q
BPY
M-3



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]


T0R/B8C
38P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M


T0R/C$P-BPQ-C`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@

T0R/B8C
38P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F

T0R/C(L

T
M.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`\+W1R



M


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$



T1B;W1T


M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^




T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXY-RPV-#8\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@



#!E



M1#$^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A

T0R/C
R+#(W-#PO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@



T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

M;&4]

M


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$


#!E;3L@

M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CX\=3Y996%R(&5N9&5D($1E
M8V5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
S$L(#(P

M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P

M(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C


#!E

M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
F4],T0Q/B8C,38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@

M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T

M
2PR


M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

T0Q/B8C
38P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@



3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT

T0R/C0P



@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$

M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M;&4]


M
T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^(`T*(`@/'1R/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]


T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N

@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ
#$L.38Q/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D(&YO=W)A

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

M
T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T


M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ-2PW
38\+V9O;G0^



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A

T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\


T0R/C$X+#$S
3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N





T0G
M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CY4;W1A;!A

\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A;6EL

T0R/C(S.2PU



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A;6EL

T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N

M
T0R/C(R-2PW



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

Q
M-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N

M
T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]


T0R/C$R.2PY


M
T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]

T0R
M/C(L
30P+#@U-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R







T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXQ,2PP-#@\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@


M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL

M9VX]


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N



T0G9F]N

@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N




M;G0Z+3$N


T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]

T0R/C0R+#4X
M.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D


T1B;W1T


M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^




T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXT-2PR,S`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@


M.C$N

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CX\=3Y3:7@@

#LQ+`R,#$Q/]U/CPO9F]N=#X\

#L\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@
M#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q




3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O


M9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R


T0R/C4X-BPX-C`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@;F]W


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M93TS1#$^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

T0G9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXW,2PQ,3D\+V9O;G0^/]T


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR
M
#`L

M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M;&4]

M/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]


T0R/C@U.PS,#8\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@


M969T.C$N

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$




T0R/B8C
M
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]


T0R/C0Y+#8Q
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!N;W=R87`]


Q
M-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N




T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO
M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F

T0R/B8C
38P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R





@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

M
T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T


M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH-2PV.3(\+V9O;G0^



T0R/BDF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


M969T.C$N

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY4;W1A

M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$,CXQ+#4V.PW
S



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M1#$^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A





T0G;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z
2XP
&5M.R!T97AT+6EN
M9&5N=#HM
2XP




3XF(S$V


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO
M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF

M93TS1#(^-#`L


M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

T0Q/B8C
M
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O


M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXU+#4Q
3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT

M1#(^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O





T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


T0R/B8C
M
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]


T0R/C
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@;F]W


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M93TS1#$^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT


CPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T






M9VX]


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N


M:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A


@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$


M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

T0Q/B8C
38P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR
PU-#$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@



#!E

M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$





3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^



M1#$^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N




3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O



M93TS1#$^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L




3XF(S$V
#L\




Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS

3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@

7!X('-O;&ED


!M;VYT:'
@96YD960@2G5N928C
38P.S(V+`R,#$P/]U/CPO9F]N

#L\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^
M)B




3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]

T0R/C4R



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


T0R/B0\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$


M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ-30L

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*

3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


M=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H






T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N


M;BUL969T.C$N

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY/

MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

Q-C`[

T0R
M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]


T0R/C8T+#@U-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T

M)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\

M9VX]

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXI)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O


Q
M-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG


3$L
3
Y/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH-34L
C8W

@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D


T0G
M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^(`T*(`@/'1R/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]



3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O


Q
M-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG


38X+#DX
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!N;W=R87`]


Q
M-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N

3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


Q-C`[
M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS


3$Y+#8W
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N
M;W=R87`]


Q-C`[

M

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^
M(`T*(`@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C8V-E969F/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M

M;6]R=&EZ871I;VX\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N

@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M1#$^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A

T0R/C$P+#8S
SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@



M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS

M;&4]
T0G;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z
2XP
&5M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM
2XP
&5M



M(#PO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS


3(L

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXY+#8S.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R




M;&4]

@
M;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\

M
T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXP/]F

T1B


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O










]
T1T



T1T;W`^



M:6X@0FQO8VL@5&%G9V5D($YO=&4@5&%B;&4Z(&YO=&4Q
5]T86)L93$@+2!U
!A;&EG;CTS1&-E;G1E<CX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F

T0R/CQB/D-O;7!A




T0G
M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CX-B`@(#QB
M/D1E8V5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
CDL(#(P
3(@/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@(`\


M1#`@=VED=&@]
T0Q

T0G8F]R9&5R+6-O


T0U-B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B

3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&%L

7!X('-O;&ED

3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O

M
T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T


T0G8F]R9&5R

#`P

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3Y'=6%R86YT;W(\
M8G(@+SY3=6)S:61I87)I97
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

Q-C`[

M/3-$
B!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]

T0G

#`P

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3Y.;VXM


M/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M(&-O;'-P86X]

M;W1T;VTZ

M:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T1C96YT


#`P

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
3Y#;VYS;VQI9&%T960\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D





@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$

\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B

T0Q/B8C
M
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT



M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

#L\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C


M;F1E;G0Z+3$N



@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N=UF
M86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^


T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG


#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R
M87`]





@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXT
RPR-S0\



T0R/B8C





\
M+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXP

@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G

@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ-C
L
#0P/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D(&YO

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ+#4Q.3PO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@





T0R/B8C


N

@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$



M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL


M;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL


M

@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@

T0G
M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXP/]F;VYT

T1B;W1T


M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^




T0G9F]N=UF
M86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^(`T*(`@/'1R/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1T
&5S/]F;VYT/CPO

S8\+V9O



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT

T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H




M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0Q
M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^


M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXP

@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G

@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R
M87`]





3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@





T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]


T0R/B8C
38P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M


T0R/C8W/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D(&YO=W)A

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

M
T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T


M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXY+#8V-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@



M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*






M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@

T1B;W1T;VT^



#`P

T0G8F]R9&5R+71O

#`P


P
#`P
#`G/B8C
38P.SPO

P
#`P
#`G/B8C
38P


M;&4]
T0G;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z-2XP
&5M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM
2XP
&5M



M(#PO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS




T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

M;&4]

M9VX]

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXI)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O


Q
M-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG





Q

T1B;W1T

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]

T0R



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]


T0R/B8C
38P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M


T0R/C(U
RPV
#4\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@

T0R/B8C
38P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F

T0R/C$Q+#`U.3PO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T


M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF

M93TS1#(^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O


C8T+#8V-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF

M93TS1#(^)B


M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@


M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T

M)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A


T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T

M)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\


M/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS





T0R/B8C


@
M;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT

M1#(^.#`U+#$V
3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R



3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T

M
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D


@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@

T0G

M

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^
M(`T*(`@/'1R/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.G1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;B<@
M<VEZ93TS1#(^26YV97-T;65N=!I;B!S=6)S:61I87)I97
\+V9O;G0^/]P
M/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXX

@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N

@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH
2PS



T0R/BDF(S$V
#L\+V9O

M
T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T


M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXH.#$U+#
R
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

Q
M-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N

M
T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]


T0R/C`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\

T0R/B8C
M

P
#`P
#`G/B8C

P
#`P
#`G/B8C


#`P
#`P)SXF
M(S$V

#`P
#`P
M)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@

Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\

Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@
M(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
M
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@(#QP('-T




M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M

M9`C,#`P,#`P)SXF(S$V,#L\+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]





\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G
M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXD/]F;VYT


T0G9F]N

@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O


BPP
C$L

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*

M86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXD
M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS


V.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!N;W=R87`]


M
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L

T0G9F]N


7!X/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P)SXF
M(S$V

Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@
M#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@


Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@
M#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@(#QP

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
M

M)B
Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@
M(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

W!X
M(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT


Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@
M(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
M
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@(#QP('-T

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\
M+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`\

Q
M-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(#PO



@86YD(%-H87)E:&]L9&5R)B
X
C$W
M.W

3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@
M#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M93TS1#$^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P

M(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V



@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T

#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]

Q-C`[/]F;VYT
M/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@
M(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M




@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXD/]F
M;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I


3`L
#`P/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D(&YO=W)A

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

M
T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T



M
T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\

M


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$


M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

T0Q/B8C
38P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ.2PX
S

T0R
M/B8C


N

@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$

M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF

M93TS1#(^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O


#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T

M)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\

M9VX]


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N


M:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A


M=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT

T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H


T0R/CDY+#$X-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
M




M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

M;&4]


M;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL


3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D


BPQ.#D\



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO
M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F

T0R/B8C
38P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R





T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A;6EL




T0R/B8C

P
#`P
#`G/B8C


P
#`P
#`G/B8C
38P.SPO


M
#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V

#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B


Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@
M/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/B8C



#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]




#!E


M:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A



@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N

@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ.#
L
S(R/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D(&YO=W)A

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

M
T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T


M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXV+#4S
3PO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@




M969T.C$N

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY
;VYG


@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L

T0G9F]N




T0R/B8C
38P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M93TS1#$^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT

T0R/C(R+#@V-3PO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@


@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N



M;F1E;G0Z+3$N


\
M+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXW
M+#$T-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@


3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D



@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N

@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$


M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

T0Q/B8C
M
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O


M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR-3
L

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(S$V




M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT

M1#(^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O


T0R
M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]

T0R/C`\



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO
M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F

T0R/B8C
38P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R





T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A;6EL


T0R
M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]

T0R/C8L

@
M;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(#PO



M


T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N

@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXS.3DL-#DW/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D(&YO=W)A

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

M
T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T


M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXX

@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXH



T0R/BDF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0Q
M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^


M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH.#$U+#
R
CPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A

T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\


T0R/C



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


P
#`P
#`G/B8C


P
#`P
#`G/B8C

M/B8C

#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^#0H@

#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^
M#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*






M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@

T1B;W1T;VT^



@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXD
M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS


2PV
C4L.#4S/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M



T1B


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXD/]F;VYT/CPO
M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF

M93TS1#(^


M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

T0Q/B8C
M
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR+#`W



T0R/B8C

M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

T1B

M(S`P
#`P

M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

#`P


T1B;W1T

M
#`P

M9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@

MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

#`P


T1B;W1T;VT^

#`P
M



M






F4],T0R/@T*(`@/&(^1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LS
M
2P@
C`Q


T1C96YT97(^/&9O


I(#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^






M96=I;B!486)L92!(96%D(TM/@T*(`@/'1R/B`-B`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS
M1#4V)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF
M(S$V

M
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]


M;&4]

#`P

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
3Y#;W)P;W)A=&4\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]


B!A


3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@
M(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]



#`P


T0Q/DYO;BU'=6%R86YT;W(\8G(@+SY3
M=6)S:61I87)Y/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,3Y%;&EM:6YA=&EO;G,\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@


#`P
#`P)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F

T0Q/D-O;G-O;&ED
M871E9#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@
M/$M+2!%;F0@5&%B;&4@2&5A9`M+3X-B`@(#PA+2T@0F5G:6X@5&%B;&4@


T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P
M.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@

M9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^(`T*(`@/'1R/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]

\
M+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/B8C

#L\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@
M(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C


M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$



@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M

@
M;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M
T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXD/]F

M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF

M93TS1#(^)#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]


T0R/C8X+#$Q.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T

M)B


M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A;6EL


T0R
M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]

T0R/C$S
M.2PQ



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


T0R/B8C
M
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]




@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH
2PP




T0R/BDF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G

@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ-#
L


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\



M1#(^26YV96YT;W)I97
\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G

@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0Q
M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^


M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ-3$L

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXW+#4Q-SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R




3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D


34X+#4R
M
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`\+W1R

MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

Q-C`[

T0R
M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]





Q
M-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N


T1B


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O




T0G9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T



M;&4]

@
M;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\

M

T0G;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z
RXP
&5M.R!T
M97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM
2XP
&5M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A;6EL

T0R/E!R97!A:60@97AP96YS97
@

3XF(S$V


Q-C`[/]F;VYT
M/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT


#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R




T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

M;&4]


M/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS


M;&4]

#`P

M/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(`@/'`@


#`P


P
#`P
#`G/B8C


P
#`P
#`G/B8C

M


#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V

#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^#0H@
M(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M;W`Z








T0G9F]N

@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

T0G9F]N=UF
M86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXS-CDL,S4U/]F;VYT

T1B;W1T


M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^




#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

#L\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

Q-C`[
M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@
M(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^(`T*(`@/'1R/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A


#PO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@


M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF

M93TS1#(^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O



M
T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]

T0R



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]


T0R/B8C
38P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M






T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$,CY';V]D=VEL;#PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO
M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F

T0R/B8C
38P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R





T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A;6EL

T0R/C@R



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A;6EL

T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N

M


M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

T0Q/B8C
38P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXP/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXX
CDL.#0V

@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^








T0G9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXI)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO
M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF

M93TS1#(^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O


Q.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF

M93TS1#(^)B



3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O


Q
M-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG


BPV-#0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@

T0R/B8C
38P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F

T0R/C`\+V9O;G0^



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A

T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\


T0R/B@X



M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B



T0G

#`P

M

#`P

M(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

P
#`P
M
#`G/B8C


P
M
#`P
#`G/B8C

38P.SPO
M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@


#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V


#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B

Q
M-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*

M)B
Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@
M(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

7!X

M


T1B;W1T

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\

M



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


T0R/B0\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXR+#`X.PR
3
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@

T0R/B8C
38P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N




@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXH


M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B



T0G



W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^
M#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

P
M
#`P
#`G/B8C



T0G8F]R



W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^#0H@
M(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

P
#`P
M
#`G/B8C



T0G8F]R9&5R



W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^#0H@(`\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V



@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY

M(S@R


T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@
M(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[

T0Q
M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@



#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO
M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

#L\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

T0G;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z
RXP
&5M
M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM
2XP
&5M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A




@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR+#`P
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N
M;W=R87`]


Q-C`[


T1B;W1T;VT^



M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T

M
2PQ



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


T0R/B0\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$




@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O


3`L

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^(`T*(`@/'1R/B`-B`@



M='


3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T

M



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


T0R/B8C
M
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]


T0R/B@Q+#`P-SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!N;W=R87`]


M
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]

T0R/CDP+#DP
M-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`\+W1R



M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V


T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M,CXR,PR



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

Q-C`[

T0R
M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]


T0R/C8U+#@Y
3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T

M)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\


M/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS


M;&4]

#`P

M/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(`@/'`@


#`P


P
#`P
#`G/B8C


P
#`P
#`G/B8C

M


#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V

#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^#0H@
M(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M;W`Z







@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L



M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS


M/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS


T0G

@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L

T0G9F]N

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O




T0G9F]N
M=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^(`T*(`@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C8V-E969F
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D


2PR
C(L
M

@
M;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M

@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXX
C0L
S4Q/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$



T0G
M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXI)B,Q-C`[
M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A


2PR-#`L.3DS

@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^



M(#PO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS




T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A;6EL

T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N

M



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

Q
M-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N

M
T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]


T0R/C`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\

T0R/B8C
M
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]

T0R/C`\+V9O



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT

T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H





T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N


M;BUL969T.C$N

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY/


T0Q/B8C
M
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O


M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ
PV,C$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@



M/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS





T0G;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z
2XP
&5M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM
M
2XP


T0R/E-H87)E:&]L9&5R)B
X
C$W.W

3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@


M+#DV
SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@


3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D


BPT.#`\



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO
M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F

T0R/B8C
38P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R


T0R/B@X

C@W/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D(&YO

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B
Q-C`[



#`P


#`P

M(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A

P
#`P
#`G/B8C


P
#`P
#`G/B8C

M/'1D/B8C

#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^

#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\
M+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^










@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXH,2PV-C(L.#0S/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$,CXI)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]

T0R/C(L
M
30P+#@U-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@



M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

P
M
#`P
#`G/B8C



T0G8F]R



W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^#0H@
M(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

P
#`P
M
#`G/B8C



T0G8F]R9&5R



W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^#0H@(`\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*

P
#`P
#`G
M/B8C



]


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CX\8CY#

M;G
@86YD($-O;7!R96AE;G-I=F4@26YC;VUE(A,;W-S*2`\+V(^/]F;VYT

M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CX\8CY&;W(@=&AE(%EE
M87(@16YD960@1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LR.2P@
C`Q



T0G9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CX-B`@(#QB/BA5;F%U9&ET


T0P('=I9'1H/3-$
3`P)2!B;W)D97(]


T1C96YT97(^#0H@(`\(2TM($)E9VEN(%1A8FQE($AE860@
M+2T^#0H@(`\='(^(`T*(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-38E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#
E/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#
E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#
E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*
M(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#
E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*
M(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#
E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*
M(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C


T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!C


3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('-T


P
#`P
#`G



T0Q
M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A




3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R

7!X('-O

M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`\(2TM($5N9!486)L92!(



M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF

M93TS1#(^)#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]


T0R/C`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@

T0R/B8C
38P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N




@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

Q
M-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N

M
T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L



@
M;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A


2PX-38L
#4T

@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^



MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

Q-C`[

T0R
M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]


T0R/C`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@

T0R/B8C
38P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F

T0R/C$L-3`P+#8V
M.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D


T0G

@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L

T0G9F]N

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O


T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXQ+#4T-PU
#$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@;F]W


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO

M#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D

P
#`P
#`G/B8C


P
#`P
#`G/B8C


#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\
M+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`\

#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
M
#L\+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L

Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO






M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T

T1B


M

M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^




T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXS,3(L,#0U/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

M;&4]

M9VX]

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXI)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O


Q
M-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG


#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R
M87`]




T0G
M;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z
2XP
&5M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM
2XP
&5M)SX\9F]N

M


3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT

M1#(^

M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M;&4]

@
M;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ-S0L
3$W/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR+#@R
M
SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D

M/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS



M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M



M='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q


Q-C`[
M/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

7!X('-O;&ED

7!X('-O

#L\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



#`P
M


M
#`P

M9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@

P
#`P
#`G/B8C

P
#`P
#`G/B8C


M;&]R/3-$(V-C965F9CX@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@/'`@

T0G;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z
RXP
&5M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM
2XP
M




M:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A


M=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT

T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H


T0R/C$S-RPY



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M1#$^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A

T0R/B@S+#
Q-3PO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A

T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\





T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

Q-C`[

T0R
M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]


T0R/C$S-PS.#D\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@


M.C$N

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$



T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G

@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

3XF(S$V


Q-C`[/]F;VYT
M/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT


2PU



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A;6EL


T0R
M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]

T0R/CDP
M+#
U-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`\



@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T



M;&4]

@
M;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\

M

M

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXI)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


Q-C`[
M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS


#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
M



3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T

M*#0T
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L



M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

P
#`P
M
#`G/B8C


P
M
#`P
#`G/B8C

38P.SPO
M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@


#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V


#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B

Q
M-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*

M)B
Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@
M(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

7!X

M

M
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



6QE

N

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$




T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXH-34L


M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B

3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT

M1#(^*#0L.#


M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B


3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D



@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^



M(AL;W-S*2!O9B!S=6)S:61I87)I97,\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXV-PR

T0R
M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]

T0R/B@T
M+#@W
3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


T0R/B8C
M
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]


T0R/C`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@;F]W


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M93TS1#$^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT

T0R/B@U.2PS-3
\+V9O



T0R/BDF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N

@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$


M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V


'!E;G-E(AB96YE




T0R/BDF(S$V

T0Q/B8C
M
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O


M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXS
RPT


M
T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]

T0R
M/C

@
M;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M

@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXP/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D(&YO=W)A

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

M
T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T


M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ
BPU
C0\+V9O;G0^



T0R/B8C


@
M;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M;&4]

@
M;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXP/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D(&YO

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ+#@U-3PO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@


M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT

M1#(^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O


#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!N;W=R87`]


Q
M-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N


7!X/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@



#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]


M;&4]

#`P

M/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(`@/'`@


#`P


P
#`P
#`G/B8C


P
#`P
#`G/B8C

M


#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V

#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^#0H@
M(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V




M:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A

T0R/C8T+#(R-#PO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@



@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH-3DL
S4S/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B
Q
M-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N





W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P)SXF
M(S$V
#L\+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L

P
#`P
#`G/B8C


M;&4]


W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
M
#L\+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

P
#`P
#`G/B8C


M


W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\
M+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V


#!E;3L@=&5X

M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$



T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N=UF
M86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^


T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG




@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M



T1B;W1T

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXI)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V


M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N

M
T0R/B@U.2PS-3



T0R/BDF(S$V

T0Q/B8C
M
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O



M;&4]


38P



P
#`P
#`G/B8C


Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

P
M
#`P
#`G/B8C

38P.SPO
M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@



P
#`P
#`G/B8C


M)B
Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

P
#`P
M
#`G/B8C

38P.SPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT



P
#`P
#`G/B8C



#$Q(#PO8CX\+V9O






M/3-$


M9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,R4^)B,Q-C`[
M/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,R4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@
M#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,R4^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@
M#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^(`T*(`@/'1R/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


P
#`P





T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$,3Y'=6%R86YT;W(\8G(@+SY3=6)S:61I87)I97,\+V9O;G0^/]T


M9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M93TS1#$^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

P
#`P
#`G/CQF

M93TS1#$^16QI;6EN871I;VYS/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@




M;F1E;G0Z+3$N



@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O


#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T

M)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\

3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


M=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H


T0R/C4S+#(V-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
M





M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@


2PW

M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@
M(#PO='(^(`T*(`@/'1R/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^#0H@(`\



M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A;6EL


T0R
M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]

T0R/C$L
M-#4U+#
T.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@




M;&4]

@
M;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\

M

M9VX]

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXI)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O


Q
M-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG


2PT.3


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(S$V

#L\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



#`P


#`P
M

M#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D

P
#`P
#`G/B8C


P
#`P
#`G/B8C


#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\
M+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`\

#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
M
#L\+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L

Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^
M)B





3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


Q-C`[
M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS


#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
M



3XF(S$V


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO
M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF

M93TS1#(^
BPU



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

Q
M-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N

M
T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]


T0R/C`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\

T0R/B8C
M
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]

T0R/C(W
RPP
M
3



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@/]T

#!E


M9VX]

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT

T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H


T0R/C4L


M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0Q
M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^


M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXR+#@W
SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R




3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D


34V+#@U
M
SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`\+W1R

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*

M)B
Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@
M#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M

M;W`Z

M(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]





M:60@(S`P
#`P



#`P

P
#`P
#`G/B8C

P
#`P
#`G/B8C

MB`@(#PO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`\+W1R/B`-B`@

T0G;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z
RXP
&5M.R!T97AT+6EN
M9&5N=#HM
2XP



I

3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T

M*#4L

M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B


3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@


W
M
SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]


T0R/B8C
38P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M





T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M1#$^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A

T0R/C$Q-BPQ-C`\+V9O;G0^



T0R/B8C





@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXW.2PP,C@\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@


M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL

3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O


Q
M-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG


2PT.#@\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@

T0R/B8C
38P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F

T0R/C`\+V9O;G0^



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A

T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\


T0R/CDX+#$T
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N





@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L

T0G9F]N
M=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXP/]F;VYT/CPO

T1B;W1T;VT^



M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V







T0G;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z
2XP
&5M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N
M=#HM
2XP



@;VX@96%R;'D@97AT:6YG=6ES:&UE




@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

T0G9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXP/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

M;&4]

M


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$




@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$



M

#`P


M;&4]

#`P

M/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

P
M
#`P
#`G/B8C


P
#`P
#`G/B8C

38P


#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V


#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^#0H@(`\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*

M)B
Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@
M#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M

M;W`Z





@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

T0G9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXQ,#,L-C,P/]F;VYT/CPO

T1B;W1T;VT^



M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V




@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T



M;&4]

@
M;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\

M
T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXQ-PQ
M
#



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@/]T

#!E


M

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A

T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\


T0R/C8R+#8V.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N




T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$,CXI)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT

M1#(^
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@


M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS


M;F1E;G0Z+3$N


M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@


3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT


M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B

M:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A


M=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T








M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V



M86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L








T0G8F]R9&5R

#`P


T0G8F]R

#`P


P
#`P
#`G/B8C
M


P
#`P
#`G
M/B8C

38P.SPO=&0^(`T*


#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT


#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q


Q-C`[
M/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

7!X('-O;&ED

7!X('-O


T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M;&4]


T0G

@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*

M86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXI)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T

M)#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M


T0R/B@V


@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG


30L

@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

M(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


#`P



M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]

M;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P



M
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


#`P

M/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(`@/'`@


M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M

M;&4@(S`P
#`P



#L\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


#`P


M;&4]



M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ-PR.#D\+V9O;G0^/]T


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXV
M



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


T0R/B0\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$


@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS


M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A





7!X/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
M
#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V

Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^


W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V

Q-C`[/]P/@T*
M(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
M
#`P)SXF(S$V

Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*


W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V


Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@
M/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/B8C

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P
M)SXF(S$V

Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B



'!X/B8C

@
M;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CX\8CY#;VUP86YY#0H@(`\+V(^/]F;VYT

M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CX\8CY#;VYD96YS960@

@86YD($-O

M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$



'!X




T1F





#L\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0S)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0S)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0S)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0S)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0S)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V

3XF(S$V

T0Q/B8C
38P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M;CTS1#(@86QI9VX]

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P

M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

T0Q/B8C
M
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG





M/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M(&-O;'-P86X]

#`P
#`P)SX\9F]N

M

M


M
#`P


T0Q/D-O;G-O;&ED871E9#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXP/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D(&YO=W)A

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

M
T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T


3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]

T0R/C(W
M+#`R-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@

M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXX-3@L

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V




M86QI9VX]

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO
M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F

T0R/B8C
38P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R





T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A;6EL


PQ,#,\+V9O;G0^/]T

M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT

M1#(^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O



@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXI)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O




M
#`P


M(S`P
#`P

P
#`P
#`G/B8C

P
#`P
#`G/B8C


#`P
#`P)SXF
M(S$V

#`P
#`P
M)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@

Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\

Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@
M(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
M
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@(#QP('-T






T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]

T0R/C`\+V9O



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT

T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H


T0R/C$S


T1B;W1T;VT^



M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V



M86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L



M;&4]
T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF
M(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^(`T*(`@/'1R/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]

\+V9O;G0^/]P
M/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$


T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

M;&4]

M


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$


T1F;VYT+7-I

7!X/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@
M#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M

M;W`Z

M(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]





M:60@(S`P
#`P



#`P

P
#`P
#`G/B8C

P
#`P
#`G/B8C

MB`@(#PO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C

#`P
M
#`P)SXF(S$V

M
#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\


M969T.C
N

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$




T0R/B8C
M
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]


T0R/C`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@;F]W


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M93TS1#$^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT


M=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@




M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL


T0G;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z
2XP
&5M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM
2XP
M




3XF(S$V


Q-C`[/]F;VYT
M/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT


T1N


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A;6EL

T0R/C@S
3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT

M1#(^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O


3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


Q-C`[
M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS



@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\




T1B;W1T;VT^

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]

T0R/C`\



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO
M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F

T0R/B8C
38P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R


T0R/B@W



T0R/BDF(S$V
#L\+V9O

M
T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T


M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M

@
M;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M

@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH-S
X/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D(&YO

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B
Q-C`[

#L\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\


Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@
M#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@(#QP




M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]

M;VQI9`C,#`P,#`P)SXF(S$V,#L\+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

M

#`P


M;&4]

#`P

M/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

P
M
#`P
#`G/B8C


P
#`P
#`G/B8C

38P

T0G;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z
RXP
&5M.R!T97AT
M+6EN9&5N=#HM
2XP



L


MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

Q-C`[

T0R
M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]


T0R/B@U
BPS

T0R
M/BDF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXU



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


T0R/B8C
M
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]


T0R/B@Q+#(P.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!N;W=R87`]


M
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]

T0R/C`\+V9O



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT

T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H


T0R/C
L


M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^




@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@

T0G






T0R/BDF(S$V

T0Q/B8C
M
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O


M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXP/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^(`T*(`@/'1R/B`-B`@(#QT





M;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL


@
M;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\

M


M/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS


MB`@(#PO='(^(`T*(`@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C8V-E969F/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]

M:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A


#PO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@



T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M



M

@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@

T0G
M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXP/]F;VYT

T1B;W1T


M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^




7!X/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

7!X('-O;&ED

7!X('-O

#L\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



#`P
M


M
#`P

M9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@

P
#`P
#`G/B8C

P
#`P
#`G/B8C

38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`\

#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
M

#`P
#`P)SXF
M(S$V
#L\+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V

M




T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O



M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@


S4L

@
M;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M
T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXD/]F


T0G9F]N
M=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXI)B,Q-C`[/]F
M;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A;6EL

T0R/B@S-PW,#@\+V9O;G0^/]T


M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T

M



T0R/B8C

M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

T1B

M(S`P
#`P

M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

#`P


T1B;W1T

M
#`P

M9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@

MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

#`P


T1B;W1T;VT^

#`P
M

MB`@(#PO='(^(`T*(`@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C8V-E969F/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]



T0G9F]N

@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O



@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]


M9VX]

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXI)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O


M9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R



@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS


S



T0R/B8C



#`P


M9VX]

M;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P



#`P

M/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

M

M;&4@(S`P
#`P

M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


#`P

M(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`\


T1C96YT97(^/&9O;G0@




T1C96YT97(^



T0P('=I9'1H
M/3-$
3`P)2!B;W)D97(]


T1C96YT97(^#0H@
M(`\(2TM($)E9VEN(%1A8FQE($AE860@+2T^#0H@(`\='(^(`T*(`@/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$-3@E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#
E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#
E/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#
E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#
E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*
M(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#
E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*
M(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`\


T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M


B!A;&EG;CTS1&-E

M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P
M86X]

M



P
#`P




T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

Q-C`[

M/3-$

3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]



3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(#PO
M='(^#0H@(`\(2TM($5N9!486)L92!(96%D(TM/@T*(`@/$M+2!96=I




3XF(S$V


MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]

T0R



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]


T0R/B0\+V9O




T0G9F]N

@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O




@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]


M9VX]

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXI)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O


M9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R



RPY.34\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@;F]W


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO



T0G9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CY#;W-T(&]F('-A;&5S/]F


3XF(S$V


Q-C`[/]F
M;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I


M87`]




T1B;W1T


M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$,CXH.PP



T0R/BDF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0Q
M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^


M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXV

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

M
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]





M(S`P
#`P


M:60@(S`P
#`P

P
#`P
#`G/B8C

P
#`P
#`G/B8C


#`P
#`P
M)SXF(S$V

#`P
M
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\


Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@
M#0H@(`\=&0^)B




M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT

M1#(^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O


#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!N;W=R87`]


Q
M-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N

3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


Q-C`[
M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS





T0R/B8C
38P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M93TS1#$^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT




T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A;6EL

T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N

M
T0R/C$S



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D


M;G0Z+3$N




T0R/B8C
M
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]


T0R/C`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@;F]W


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M93TS1#$^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT

T0R/C$P




@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

T0G9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXP/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

M;&4]

M86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@
M(#PO='(^(`T*(`@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C8V-E969F/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
F4],T0Q/B8C,38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@

M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V



M86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXQ-PW
S`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\

T0R/B8C
M
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]

T0R/C`\+V9O



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT

T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H





T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

Q
M-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N

M
T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]



#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT

M1#(^)B

M(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B

Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@

Q-C`[/]P/@T*
M(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C



#L\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(`@


#`P


#`P

M(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A

P
#`P
#`G/B8C


P
#`P
#`G/B8C

M/'1D/B8C

T0G;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z
RXP
M
&5M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM
2XP
&5M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT

T0R/D]P97)A=&EN9R!P


T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$

M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M;&4]

@
M;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ
RPT.#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\

T0R/B8C
M
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]


M9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T


M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF

M93TS1#(^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O


30L
C

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^(`T*(`@/'1R(&)G
M8V]L;W(],T0C8V-E969F/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^#0H@(`\



M:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A


S
\+V9O



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT

T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H


T0R/C(R+#8U-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
M




T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O



M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V



M9VX]


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXS,PY.#4\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@

T0R/B8C
38P





@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXV+#,X.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@

3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@


C0L

@
M;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M

@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXP/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D(&YO=W)A

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

M
T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T


M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXS
2PR



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*

M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

P
M
#`P
#`G/B8C


P
#`P
#`G/B8C

38P


#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V


#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^#0H@(`\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*

M)B
Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@
M#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M

M;W`Z

M(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]








C0\



T0R/BDF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G

@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$



T0R/BDF(S$V
#L\+V9O

M
T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T


M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M


M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B




T1B;W1T


M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^




T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXR,RPY-38\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@


M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL




M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

M;&4]


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L



M;&4]
T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXI
M)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@



@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D

M/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS


M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M







M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V



M9VX]


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N


M;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG


#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF

M93TS1#(^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O


3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O


Q
M-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG




T0R/B8C
38P.SPO

M#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D

P
#`P
#`G/B8C


P
#`P
#`G/B8C


#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\
M+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`\

#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
M
#L\+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L

Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO






M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T

T1B


M





T0R/BDF(S$V
#L\+V9O

M
T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T



@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXS
M
3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D

M/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]


T0R/B@S-PR.#,\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@


M/B8C


P
#`P
#`G/B8C
38P.SPO


Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

P
#`P
#`G/B8C

M


Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@

P
#`P
#`G/B8C

MB`@(#PO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C

Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

P
#`P
#`G/B8C

38P



P
#`P
#`G/B8C

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`\+W1R/B`-B`@(#QT

T0G;6%R
M9VEN+6QE9G0Z-2XP
&5M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM
2XP

T0R
M/D-O;7!R96AE;G-I=F4@:6YC;VUE(AL;W-S*3PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@(`\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXH,S0L,C@S/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M,CXI)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXD/]F
M;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I



M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B

3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]


M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

P
M
#`P
#`G/B8C

38P.SPO
M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@



P
#`P
#`G/B8C


M)B
Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

P
#`P
M
#`G/B8C

38P.SPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT



P
#`P
#`G/B8C

38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`\

Q
M-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*

P
#`P
#`G
M/B8C

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@








M;&4]
!A;&EG;CTS1&-E;G1E<CX\


T0R/CQB/D-O;F1E;G-E9!#;VYS;VQI9&%T:6YG(%-T871E;65N=!O

T1M
F4],T0R/@T*(`@/&(^1F]R('1H92!996%R($5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R
M)B
Q-C`[
CDL(#(P

G!X


'!X/B8C



38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#,E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C
38P
M.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#,E/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#,E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#,E/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C


3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0Q
M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A



M

T1B

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@

T0Q/DYO;BU'
M=6%R86YT;W(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO
M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N

3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M


M
#`P

@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3Y#;W)P;W)A=&4\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!C


3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R


M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
M

7!X

M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`\(2TM($5N9!486)L




M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF

M93TS1#(^)#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]


T0R/B@R
RPX-C

T0R
M/BDF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]


3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


M=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H




M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0Q
M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^



T0G;6%R9VEN+6QE
M9G0Z
2XP
&5M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM
2XP


M9FQO=W

M
T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P

M(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C




M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

Q
M-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N

M
T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]


T0R/C`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\

T0R/B8C
M
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N



@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@

T0G

M



#`P


#`P
M

M#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D

P
#`P
#`G/B8C


P
#`P
#`G/B8C


#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\
M+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`\

#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
M
#L\+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L

Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^
M)B



MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

Q-C`[

T0R
M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]


T0R/C`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@

T0R/B8C
38P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$


@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L

T0G9F]N


T1B


T0G;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z
2XP
&5M.R!T97AT
M+6EN9&5N=#HM
2XP



@9G)O;2!F:6YA


T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@
M#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q

M
T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P


N

@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L



@
M;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\

M

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N



M


M
T0G;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z
RXP
&5M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM
2XP
&5M)SX\








N

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CY$:79I9&5N9!T;R!P87)E;G0\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(`@/]T

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXH-30L-S8Y/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$,CXI)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT

M1#(^
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@

M;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG


M=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T




N

M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY$:79I9&5N9'
@9G)O;2!S=6)S:61I
M87)I97
\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXQ
C$L


M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

T0Q/B8C
M
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O


M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH
3(R+#DS-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF

M93TS1#(^*28C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A;6EL

T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N

M


M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

T0Q/B8C
38P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXP/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
M

#L\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(`@


#`P


#`P

M(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A

P
#`P
#`G/B8C


P
#`P
#`G/B8C

M/'1D/B8C

#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^

#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\
M+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V





M:6YG(&%C=&EV:71I97
\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G

@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR
RPX-C
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@;F]W


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M93TS1#$^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT

T0R/B@Q

@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T




@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$




M;G0Z+3$N


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$




@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

T0G9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXP/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

M;&4]


M/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS


T0G9F]N
M=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXI)B,Q-C`[/]F




#`P

T0G8F]R9&5R+71O

#`P


P
#`P
#`G/B8C
38P.SPO

P
#`P
#`G/B8C
38P


#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V

#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B

Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@

Q-C`[/]P/@T*
M(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B




3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D


#PO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@






T0R/BDF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
MB`@(#PO='(^(`T*(`@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C8V-E969F/B`-B`@(#QT




M93TS1#$^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT




T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A;6EL

T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N

M
T0R/C8X+#$Q.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R




3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D


3$X

@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^

M='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@

T1B;W1T;VT^



#`P

T0G8F]R9&5R+71O

#`P


P
#`P
#`G/B8C
38P.SPO

P
#`P
#`G/B8C
38P


#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V

#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF
M(S$V





M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXT


M
T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\

M
T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXP/]F

T1B


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXD/]F;VYT/CPO
M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF

M93TS1#(^-#
L


M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

M#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M

M;&4@(S`P
#`P



#L\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


#`P


M;&4]

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B

M(S`P
#`P



#L\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

#`P

M







M;W`Z

'!X(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQF;VYT




'!X(&%L:6=N/3-$






'!X(&%L:6=N/3-$


M9'


M

#L\


MB`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#8T)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0T)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0T)3XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0T)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0T)3XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V

M;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]

T1C96YT97(^


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3Y.


3XF(S$V

3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&%L

7!X('-O;&ED

3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O

M
T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T


T0G8F]R9&5R

#`P

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3Y3=6)S:61I87)I
M97
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M


B!A;&EG;CTS1&-E


#`P
#`P)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A;6EL

T0Q/D-O;G-O;&ED871E9#PO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M1#$^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@/$M+2!%;F0@





M1#$^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]

T0R/C$R
BPQ



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]


T0R/B0\+V9O



@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O


3(S+#$V.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF

M93TS1#(^)B



#L\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

Q
M-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@
M#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*

M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(S$V


N

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$



M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL



T0R/BDF(S$V

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M;&4]

@
M;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH
S8R/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B
Q
M-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N


N

@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$



M1#$^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A



M
T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]

T0R



T0R/BDF(S$V

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M;&4]

@
M;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXP/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D(&YO

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B

M1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^
M)B

Q-C`[

Q
M-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

7!X('-O

7!X

#L\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]





M
#`P


M(S`P
#`P

T0C8V-E969F/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]




@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXH,S8R/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M,CXI)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T

M*#0V+#`X
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*

M+3$N


M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@
M#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/B8C

#L\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^



@;VX@;&]N9RUT
M97)M(&1E8G0\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXH.#$S+#(R-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
M


38P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M1#$^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A

T0R/B@V+#8X.#PO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A

T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\


T0R/B@Q+#0U
SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A;6EL

T0R/B@X
C$L

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXI)B


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

T0G9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXX-#`L,#`P/]F;VYT/CPO

T1B;W1T;VT^



M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V



M86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L



T0G

@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L

T0G9F]N
M=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXX-#`L,#`P/]F

T1B

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^(`T*
M(`@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C8V-E969F/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1T




T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXI)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT

M1#(^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O


#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!N;W=R87`]


Q
M-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N

3XF(S$V


Q-C`[/]F;VYT
M/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT




M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B


T1B;W1T;VT^

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]

T0R/B@V



T0R/BDF(S$V

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M;&4]

@
M;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXP/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D(&YO

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXH-C4L


M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B


MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

Q-C`[

T0R
M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]


T0R/C0R+#0T
3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T

M)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\


M;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL


M

@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@

T0G
M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXP/]F;VYT

T1B;W1T

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^(`T*(`@

M8F]T=&]M/B8C

#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\
M+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`\

#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
M
#L\+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L

Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO






M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T

T1B


M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

T0G9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXH,RPQ,C$\+V9O;G0^/]T


M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V




T0G9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXI)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO
M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF

M93TS1#(^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O




M
T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]

T0R
M/B@U
RPW
#



T0R/BDF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
MB`@(#PO='(^(`T*(`@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C8V-E969F/B`-B`@(#QT




M(#PO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS


#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT

M1#(^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O


3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


Q-C`[
M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS



@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B


T1B;W1T;VT^

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$,CXI)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`\+W1R/B`-B`@(#QT

M;&4]

#`P

M/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(`@/'`@


#`P


P
#`P
#`G/B8C


P
#`P
#`G/B8C

M


#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V

#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^#0H@
M(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B




T0Q/B8C
38P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXP/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$



T0G;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z
2XP
&5M.R!T97AT+6EN
M9&5N=#HM
2XP




T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M;&4]

@
M;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXP/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D(&YO

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXT
RPV
3`\+V9O



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT

T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H


T0R/C$L


M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0Q
M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^


M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXT-PX,#4\+V9O;G0^/]T



7!X/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P





M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B

M

M9`C,#`P,#`P)SXF(S$V,#L\+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@

T0G8F]R

#`P


T0G

#`P


P
#`P
#`G
M/B8C


P
#`P
M
#`G/B8C

38P.SPO=&0^

T0G;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z
2XP
&5M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N
M=#HM
2XP




@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXD/]F;VYT/CPO
M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF

M93TS1#(^
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@



M:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A



M
T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\

M
T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXV.PQ
M



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@/]T


T1B;W1T

M
#`P

M9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@

MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

#`P


T1B;W1T;VT^

#`P
M

M#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D


#`P




T0G


T1C96YT97(^/&9O



T1C96YT97(^



M
38P.S$L(#(P

T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!W:61T
M:#TS1#$P,4@8F]R9&5R/3-$


M(`@/$M+2!96=I;B!486)L92!(96%D(TM/@T*(`@/'1R/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!W:61T:#TS1#8U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0T)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0T)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0T)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0T)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-

3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O

M
T0Q/B8C

B!V
M86QI9VX]


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
3Y'=6%R86YT;W(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]


B!N
M;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]

T0G

3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D

B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@
M(#PO='(^(`T*(`@/'1R/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@

P
#`P
M


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T


#`P
#`P)SX\9F]N

M


T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M



T0G;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z
2XP
&5M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N
M=#HM
2XP




M/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]


T0R/C0W+#
S-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT

M1#(^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS

M


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXD/]F;VYT
M/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT




M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^




Q-C`[/]F;VYT
M/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@
M(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M1#$^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

T0G;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z
RXP
M
&5M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM
2XP
&5M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT



3XF(S$V


Q-C`[/]F;VYT
M/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT


#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R





@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L



M;&4]

T0G;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z
M
RXP
&5M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM
2XP
&5M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F




@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L

T0G9F]N

M

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXI)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


Q-C`[
M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS


L


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR+#$Q
3PO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@







3XF(S$V


Q-C`[/]F;VYT
M/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT


#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R




M;&4]


38P


#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V


#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^#0H@(`\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*

M)B
Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@
M#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M

M;W`Z

M(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]





@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
F4],T0Q/B8C,38P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4]
M,T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N



M;&4]
T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXI
M)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@


L

@
M;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M

@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ+#
W
3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N
M;W=R87`]


Q-C`[




#L\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B



@;VX@;&]N9RUT97)M(&1E
M8G0\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M



T0R/BDF(S$V

T0Q/B8C
38P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH

T0R
M/BDF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH
M
2PS



T0R/BDF(S$V

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M;&4]

@
M;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI
M)B

@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@

T0G


M/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS




T0G;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z
RXP
&5M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N
M=#HM
2XP




M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L



T0G

@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L

T0G9F]N
M=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXP/]F;VYT/CPO

T1B;W1T;VT^



M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V




T0G9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXI)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO


T0G;6%R9VEN+6QE
M9G0Z
RXP
&5M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM
2XP

T0R/D1I=FED


@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L

T0G9F]N
M=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXP/]F;VYT/CPO

T1B;W1T;VT^



M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V



M86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L



M;&4]

T0G;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z
M
RXP
&5M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM
2XP
&5M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F




@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L



M;&4]

@
M;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\

M

M9VX]

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXI)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O


Q
M-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG


#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R
M87`]






#`P



#`P


P
#`P
#`G/B8C


P
#`P
#`G/B8C

M/B8C

#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^#0H@

#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^
M#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[





3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT

M1#(^
2PV-3(L


M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

T0Q/B8C
M
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O


M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXI)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O



T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXI)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT

M1#(^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O


2PV
#

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(S$V




M:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A


#PO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@


M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T

M)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A


\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@

T0R/B8C
38P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F


@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

M(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]





M:60@(S`P
#`P



#`P

P
#`P
#`G/B8C

P
#`P
#`G/B8C

MB`@(#PO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C

#`P
M
#`P)SXF(S$V

M
#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\


M969T.C$N

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY.970@


@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

T0G9F]N=UF
M86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXP/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O



M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V





M;&4]

@
M;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\

M
T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXT-PX
M



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@/]T

#!E


M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@


M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT

M1#(^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O


#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!N;W=R87`]


Q
M-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N

3XF(S$V


Q-C`[/]F;VYT
M/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT


#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R



#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^






M(#PO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

T1B;W1T

T0G8F]R9&5R+71O

#`P


T0G8F]R9&5R

#`P

M#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^(`T*(`@/'1R(&)G8V]L
M;W(]
T0C8V-E969F/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.G1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;B<@<VEZ93TS1#(^0V%S:!A;F0@97%U:79A;&5N='
@870@96YD(&]F('!E


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXP

@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G
M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXD/]F;VYT



@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O



T0R
M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@

T0G
M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXT-PX
#4\



T0R/B8C


T1B;W1T;VT^

#`P
M

M#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D


#`P


T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@

#`P

M(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A


#`P




T0G9F]N



'!X(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R


M
#LR-BP@
C`Q

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$


G!X.VUA


'!X/B8C

M('=I9'1H/3-$-C8E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#0E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#0E/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#0E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#0E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*
M(`@/'1D/B8C

3XF(S$V

T0Q/B8C
M
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG


T0Q

T1B;W1T

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D


T0Q/DYO;BU'=6%R
M86YT;W(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T1C


#`P
M

@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
3Y#;W)P;W)A=&4\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

Q
M-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS


3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('-T


3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R

7!X('-O

M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`\(2TM($5N9!486)L92!(




M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT

M1#(^)#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]


T0R/B@W+#4Q
3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!N;W=R87`]


M
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L

T0G9F]N
M=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXT.PV.38\+V9O



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT




M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT

M1#(^)#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]


T0R/C0S+#@R
SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!N;W=R87`]


Q



#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]

Q-C`[/]F;VYT
M/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@
M(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M


M;BUL969T.C
N

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY#


M;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O




T0G9F]N=UF
M86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXI)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT
M/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS


U-#PO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M






@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

T0G9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXP/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

M;&4]


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L



T0G

@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L

T0G9F]N

M/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`\

#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
M

#`P
#`P)SXF
M(S$V
#L\+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L

Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@

Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\
M=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P





M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B

M



M;&4]

M:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A


#PO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@




M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V




T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXI)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^

T0G;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z
2XP
&5M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N
M=#HM
2XP






T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B

T0Q/B8C
M
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^




M9VX]

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT

T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H


T0R/B@Q-30L
#8Q/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D(&YO=W)A

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B

S8\+V9O



T0R/BDF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N

@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH



T0R/BDF(S$V
#L\+V9O

M
T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T


M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH-C@U+#4V-#PO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T








3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT

M1#(^-BPP



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

Q-C`[

T0R
M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]


T0R/C`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@

T0R/B8C
38P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F

T0R/C8L
#

@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^(`T*




3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT

M1#(^
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@


M9#X-B`@(#PO='(^(`T*(`@/'1R/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^





M/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS


T1F;VYT

7!X/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M;W`Z




M(`T*(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@




#`P



#`P

P
#`P
#`G/B8C


P
#`P
#`G/B8C
38P.SPO


T0G;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z-2XP
&5M.R!T97AT
M+6EN9&5N=#HM
2XP





M1#$^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXH-#@L


M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B


T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$,CXI)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT

M1#(^*#0Q+#@Q-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D


M;G0Z+3$N


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$




@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

T0G9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXP/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

M;&4]

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N


38P.SPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT


#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@


#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^
M)B

Q-C`[

Q
M-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

7!X('-O

7!X

#L\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]





M;F1E;G0Z+3$N



M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N


M:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A


M9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$







M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@


M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T

M)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A


3@Y/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXX-S(\



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO
M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F

T0R/B8C
38P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R


T0R/C@W+#`V
3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R
M87`]



#L\+W1D/B`-
MB`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@

Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\

Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@
M(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
M
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@(#QP('-T




M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M

M9`C,#`P,#`P)SXF(S$V,#L\+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]

M;VQI9`C,#`P,#`P)SXF(S$V,#L\+W`^#0H@(`\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9#XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T

T0G

#`P

M

#`P

M(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^(`T*(`@
M/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C8V-E969F/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^

@870@


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$


M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

T0Q/B8C
38P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@



M

@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG


BPQ
3`\+V9O;G0^



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A





7!X/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
M
#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V

Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^


W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V

Q-C`[/]P/@T*
M(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
M
#`P)SXF(S$V

Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(`T*


W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P)SXF(S$V


Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@
M/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B


X
#AA-65B7S-A9&1?






]

T1)1#!%344^#0H@(`@(`\

M(&-O;'-P86X]


#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S






M(`\(2TM($)E9VEN($)L;V-K(%1A9V=E9!.;W1E(%1A8FQE.B!N;W1E
3)?

T0Q




T0V.4^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M,R4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,R4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,R4^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,R4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^(`T*(`@/'1R/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@



3XF(S$V

T0Q/B8C
38P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M

M=7-A;F1S*3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`\+W1R/B`-

M
T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D



3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M9VX]


M(S`P
#`P

@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3Y396-O;F0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!C


M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]


M

#`P

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3Y&
M;W5R=&@\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF

T0Q/B8C


M

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CX\=3Y&;W(@=&AE

38P.S(Y+`R,#$R/]U/CPO9F]N

#L\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT




@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXT

M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M;&4]

M:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A

T0R/C0W



@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXU
#


M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
MB`@(#PO='(^(`T*(`@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C8V-E969F/B`-B`@(#QT





3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT



M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

T0Q/B8C
38P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXW

T0R
M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]


M+#
U.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@


M
T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^(`T*(`@/'1R/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]



T0G9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXH,2PW,#8\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N


M:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A


3

@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(#PO='(^(`T*



M960@1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LS
2P@
C`Q
3PO=3X\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(`@

T0Q
M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/B`-B`@

M;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@
M#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/B8C

#!E;3L@

M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

\+V9O;G0^
M/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M


3XF(S$V


M/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N

M
T0R/C0R

@
M;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXT-3DL-#@W/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]


T0G;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z
2XP
&5M.R!T97AT
M+6EN9&5N=#HM
2XP


T0R/D=R;W-S('!R;V9I=#PO9F]N=#X\

3XF(S$V


Q-C`[/]F
M;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I


#@R/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D(&YO=W)A

@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

M
T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T


M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXV-BPP
C`\+V9O;G0^



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A

T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\



T1N




M;G0^/]P/@T*(`@/]T9#X@#0H@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF

T0Q/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]


@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH-#
U

@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D


T0G
M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXI)B,Q-C`[
M)B,Q-C`[*&(I)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(S$V


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO
M=&0^(`T*(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF



M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

T0Q/B8C
38P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/B`-B`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ.2PS

T0R
M/B8C



T0P(&-E;&QP
M861D:6YG/3-$







M







@=VET



;V-A=&EO;CH@
M9FEL93HO+R]#.B\S.#`X835E8E\S861D7S1B
CE?.3@P-5\W-V4W83DP
SDY
M-#



]




@*$1E=&%I;'
I(A54T0@)D\8G(^26X@5&AO

CDL(#(P
3(\8G(^
M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q
3QB

]






]




]
T1N=6UP/C



M



;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\S.#`X835E8E\S861D
M7S1B
CE?.3@P-5\W-V4W83DP
SDY-#

P+FAT


M:2(-@T*/&AT;6P^#0H@(#QH96%D/@T*(`@(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]
M

]
T13



@*$1E=&%I
M;'
@



CXQ
B!-;VYT:'

M1&5C+B`R.2P@
C`Q

#$Q/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@












]
T1N=6UP/B0@



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^56YR96%L:7IE9!L;W-S(&EN


]










]


C`Q
M

M
#$Q/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$



T1T;W`^26YT97)E







]


]




]












]




]







]
M

]



T1T;W`^2&5D9VEN9RUR96QA=&5D









M=&]P/E1O=&%L($QI86)I;&ET:65S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S




2D@6TUE;6)E

]


]


]




]




]




2D@6TUE;6)E


]



]




]
T1N


@*$QE=F5L(#$I(%M-96UB97)=('P@0V]M;6]D:71Y





]
M



M;7`^

]






M







]
M



M;7`^

]






M
T1T;W`^4VEG;FEF:6-A;G0@3W1H97(@3V)S97)V86)L92!);G!U='
@*$QE
M=F5L(#(I(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X






]
T1R93X-B`@(`@


BPY





]


]

]
T1N=6UP/C$L-S(S/'-P86X^



]



:6%B:6QI=&EE








]











]
T1N=6UP/C$L-C`W

M

]
'0^/'-P86X^











]
T1R93X-B`@(`@


]













]


@870@9F%I

]
T1T

]
T1P;!V86QI9VX]
M,T1T;W`^5&]T86P@3&EA8FEL:71I97,\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@8VQA

]



M92!);G!U='
@*$QE=F5L(#

M=V%P(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\





]



]

\+W1D


]
T1R




]















]
M



]







T1T;W`^/'-T






X
#AA







]

T1)1#!%349!


]
T1T:#Y$96


M=7-H96QS/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S






]
T1N=6UP/C8L









]



S$L(#(P


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4V]Y8F5A;B!-96%L(AT






]



'0O:'1M;#L@


]


#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@


]


]
T1T

]


]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@





T1T;W`^1&5R:79A=&EV97
@;F]T





]











]


T1T;W`^1&5R:79A=&EV97
@



]
M



M


]




S@P.&$U96)?
V%D9%\T8C(Y7SDX
#5?-S=E-V$Y
#
Y
M.30S#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S
X
#AA-65B7S-A


S4N



^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@*B\\+W-C









]





]
T1T:#Y$
M96

M;BX@
C8L(#(P


M97

]
T1N




]



2PR
M
3


M86QI9VX]



]
T1N=6UP/B0@







]

@;W1H97)W:7-E('-P


]

]
T1T

]
T1T:#Y*86XN(#`Q

CDL
M(#(P



M



]
T1T:#Y*86XN(#`Q

@6TUE;6)E

M
CDL(#(P



M+B`S
2P@
C`Q

]
T1T:#Y*

@


]



]






]
M
T1N=6UP/B0@





]
M



]



#$Q/&)R/D-O

M=&@^1&5C+B`R.2P@
C`Q


]
T1T

CDL
M(#(P





]

















BPT
3
I/'-P86X^


BPT
3



M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@S

2PR



]



T1T;W`^16YD:6YG
M($)A;&%N8V4L($9A:7(@=F%L=64@;V8@9&5R:79A=&EV97
@;F5T(&]F('1A
'0^/'-P86X^/]S<&%N


]


]

















]



C


]
T1N=6T^*#4Q
M

M/B@R

M1&YU;7`^


]
T1P

]
T1T97AT

]
T1N=6UP
M/C0L


M1&YU;3XH
C
















]
M
T1N=6UP/C




]


]



]


]




]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1N=6UP/C$U
M

]
T1N



M87-S/3-$;G5M/B@U
3

C



]
T1N=6T^*#4Q








;V-A=&EO;CH@
M9FEL93HO+R]#.B\S.#`X835E8E\S861D7S1B
CE?.3@P-5\W-V4W83DP
SDY
M-#




]




@*$1E=&%I;'


3(@

CDL(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q


]





]
T1R93X-

]
T1T


M9VX]
T1T;W`^5')A;G-L871I;VX@861J=7-T;65N=#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

T1T;W`^16YD:6YG(&)A;&%N8V4\+W1D



CDL.#0V/'-P



]
M

]





M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^365R9V5R(')E;&%T960@861J=7-T;65N=#PO=&0^#0H@





M;7`^-C@X+#4Q



]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^





]




BPX
#8\



]




]

]
T1N=6UP/CDR+#@X



T1T;W`^

]






M
T1T;W`^5')A;G-L871I;VX@861J=7-T;65N=#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT


]




M;&4Z+R\O0SHO
S@P.&$U96)?
V%D9%\T8C(Y7SDX
#5?-S=E-V$Y
#
Y.30S

O4VAE970S.2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-

T1T

M(%1H:7



T0Q(')O
M=W-P86X]

]
T1T:#Y$96

S$L(#(P
3$\


L(&]T:&5R('1H86X@9V]O

]
T1T97AT

]
2!C


2PP


2PP



]
T1N=6T^








L('1R861E;6%R:W
\


T1T

L(&]T:&5R('1H86X@9V]O9'=I;&P\+W1D

]
T1N=6UP/B0@-3@U+#(P



]





T1T;W`^



T1T;W`^
C`Q
SPO=&0^


]
T1R93X-

]
T1N=6UP/C
Q+#
Y


]




]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@

MCPO:'1M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\S.#`X835E8E\S861D7S1B
M
CE?.3@P-5\W-V4W83DP
SDY-#


T0G


^#0H@(`@(`\

M:6YG(%!O;&EC:65S(A$971A:6QS(#$R*2`H55-$(0I/&)R/DEN(%1H;W5S


CXQ
B!-;VYT
M:'

C`Q

#$Q/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@






T1T;W`^061D:71I;VYS('1O




]
T1N


]





M;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
S@P.&$U96)?
V%D9%\T8C(Y7SDX
#5?-S=E-V$Y
M
#

O4VAE970T
BYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\



M4F5M;W9E(%1H:7


M
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]



]

]


]
T1T

M1'1H/D1E8RX@
CDL(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S
M/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*











M:')E92!M;VYT:'


]



]






]

]
T1T97AT


T1T



]




]
T1T97AT/CQS


]





]


]
M


]
T1N=6UP/C@V+#`P





#QS

]
T1T97AT

]









]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT





\+W1D/@T*




#`L


S`L.#`P+#`P



M:65R('-E8W5R:71Y/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\







]


]
T1N=6UP/C(L
#`P+#`P


]
T1N=6UP/C(L
#`P+#`P


]









]
M



#`L


2PR-34L
#`P*3QS
















M1&YU;7`^
2PR
3`L
#`P+#`P







]







]










]
T1T


]




]

























]










]
M



M(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XQ


]
















]

M(&QI=F5S(')A;F=E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\



]
M

]


]






M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/D5S=&EM871E9!S97)V:6-E(&QI=F5S(')A;F=E/]T


M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XS('EE87)S/'-P86X^/]S





M871I=F4@26YS=')U;65N='

I(%M
:6YE($ET96US73PO















]



M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XU('EE















]


]







L($=A:6X@*$QO

I(%M


C`P+#`P







]



]
M


BPP
#`L









]


]






]


]



T1T;W`^3W=N



]







]











X
#AA-65B7S-A9&1?-&(R.5\Y.#`U







]


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#(Y





]
M

]








]


M1&5C+B`R.2P@
C`Q

#$Q/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@



]
T1N=6UP/B0@



P+#`P


M

M1&YU;7`^
RPS
S@L



3`L-C@U+#`P



]

]
T1N=6UP
M/C@L.#
S+#`P


]

2PQ
#0L

2PV
34L
#`P


97-S.B!#=7)R96YT(&UA='5R:71I97



3`L
C@P+#`P



]


M+#`P


]






]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@.#`V+#@P


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\S.#`X835E8E\S861D
M7S1B
CE?.3@P-5\W-V4W83DP
SDY-#



M:2(-@T*/&AT;6P^#0H@(#QH96%D/@T*(`@(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]
M

]
T13



@



]


]

]
M
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^,C`Q,SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C;&%S


]


]
T1N=6UP/C4L


#$U/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S


]
T1P

M1&YU;7`^

M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/C(P

#$X*3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\S
M.#`X835E8E\S861D7S1B
CE?.3@P-5\W-V4W83DP
SDY-#
O5V]R:W-H965T


M(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]






#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^


]
T1R:#X-B`@(`@


]










]




BPQ


X
#AA-65B7S-A9&1?-&(R.5\Y.#`U







]


I(A54T0@)D\8G(^26X@5&AO=7-A

T0R/C$R($UO;G1H


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q+`R,#$Q/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C

#$L(#(P


#$R

M87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q



]


]


]


]

















T1T;W`^36%R:RUT;RUM




]
T1N=6UP/C(L








M1&YU;3XH


]





]




M





;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#
M.B\S.#`X835E8E\S861D7S1B
CE?.3@P-5\W-V4W83DP
SDY-#
O5V]R:W-H


M151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]


M;CTS1#$^
3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S



^
3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H

@16YD960\+W1H/@T*



M(&-O;'-P86X]

M86X]

]
T1T:#Y$96

]
T1T:#Y$
M96
N(#

M/D1E8RX@
CDL(#(P
3(\8G(^16=G(%!R;V1U8W1S(%M-96UB97)=/&)R/CPO

]
T1T:#Y$96

M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5N+B`R-BP@
C`Q
#QB


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#(Y


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#(Y+`R,#$R/&)R/D-R961I=!&


#$R/&)R/DQI;F4@;V8@0W)E




M
C`Q




:6YE($ET96US
























]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1N=6UP
M/C$W+#4P

]


]


]
T1T97AT/DYO=B`R-2P-

]
M

]
M

]
M


]


]


]






]


]


]


]


]



T1T;W`^0F%S92!R871E

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]

#`L

CDL
#`P+#`P


]


]


]


]


]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^061D:71I;VYA;!A;6]U







M-38T+#`P

]
M

]
M





















S`L
#`P+#`P
#QS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]

]


]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/CDN-S4E

















RXY


]











]
T1N=6UP/C0L
#`P+#`P


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


#`L


]


]


]


]



]

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]










]























]


]


]


]


]


]






]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]




M(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#Y397`@




















]
T1R93X-B`@(`@


M+#`P

]


34L

]

]




















X
#AA-65B7S-A9&1?-&(R







]

T1)1#!%
D]!13X-B`@(`@(#QT

@;W1H97)W:7-E('-P96-I9FEE9#PO

CDL(#(P
3(\8G(^


C`Q



]




]
T1N


2PQ





]
T1N=6UP/C$L







MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q,PP

C0L



M9VX]


]
T1P

]
M


M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q


M92!487@@17AP96YS92`H0F5N969I=DL(%1O=&%L/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q,PX



]


]

M97)A=&EO;G
L(%1O=&%L/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M


3








M/3-$

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#(Y

M
S$L(#(P



]
T1R;SX-

]
T1N



]





L(&-U










]


]
T1R93X-B`@(`@

]
T1N=6T^*#$V
BPT
M

M;3XH


M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/E1R861E;6%R:W




]

]
T1N=6T^*#$L



T1T



]

]
T1N=6T^*#DL
34S

]

]
M

]
T1P



M




]


]


]






]


]

T0R/C$R



]
T1T:#Y$96


C8L(#(P
3`\8G(^4')E9&5C97-S;W(@6TUE;6)E









]
T1R


]
T1N=6UP/CDN


RXQ


]


]


M86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@T.XT,4I/'-P






M1&YU;7`^







]
T1N=6UP/C



]

]

M86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@S+C




]
M

]
T1N=6T^*#4N


S@P.&$U96)?
V%D9%\T8C(Y
M7SDX
#5?-S=E-V$Y
#
Y.30S#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O
M+T
Z+S
X

R]7;W)K

M(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES

$5:24%%/@T*(`@(`@/'1R


M/3-$

]

M1'1H(&-O;'-P86X]



]
T1T:#Y$96

C8L(#(P
3`\8G(^



]


]

]
M





]

M


]

]
T1N=6T^
M*#






]

@


]


3








]
T1N=6T^*#





]



]
T1N=6T^*#

M(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@U




]








M861D7S1B
CE?.3@P-5\W-V4W83DP
SDY-#

M;G0]





]

]

]

]

]


]
T1T:#Y$96

S$L(#(P
3$\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5N+B`R-BP@
C`Q

#$R/&)R/DUI;FEM=6T@

M+B`S
2P@
C`Q



@

]

]


]


]


]



]



]

]



]


]


]


]

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]

]


#

M;F5F:71S('1H870@=V]U;&0@:6UP86-T('1H92!E9F9E8W1I=F4@=&%X(')A

]











\

]
T1N=6UP/C`N


]


]



T1T;W`^5&]T86P@
M3&EA8FEL:71I97

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M






M=%\S.#`X835E8E\S861D7S1B
CE?.3@P-5\W-V4W83DP
SDY-#



M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH
M=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N



M*B!$;R!.;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7

M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]


T0R/C8@36]N

M;CTS1#(^
3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@

#$L(#(P
3$\
M8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5N+B`R-BP@
C`Q
M

M

]
M







]




]
T1N=6UP/B0@
2PV
#`L

#`\

M(#
L-#`P+#`P


]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M
C$L



]
T1N=6UP/B0@
S$L

CE?
M.3@P-5\W-V4W83DP
SDY-#

T0G=&5X



@*$1E=&%I
M;'
I(A54T0@)D\8G(^26X@36EL;&EO;G



]

]

M


#$P/&)R

M/DIU;BX@
C8L(#(P


]
T1T:#Y$96


2P@
C`Q


M96UB97)=/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S








]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
BXS/'-P86X^









\

]
T1N=6UP/C(N







]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT


T1T

]
T1N=6UP/B0@















X
#AA-65B7S-A9&1?-&(R







]

T1)1#!%-D1!0SX-B`@(`@(#QT








#$S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$


#$T/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$



]


]

]
T1N=6UP
M/C0L




]



;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\S.#`X835E8E\S861D7S1B
M
CE?.3@P-5\W-V4W83DP
SDY-#



M@T*/&AT;6P^#0H@(#QH96%D/@T*(`@(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]
T1#

]
T13:&]W




@;W1H97)W:7-E('-P96-I9FEE

]

]

]

C`Q

#$Q/&)R/E!A=&5N='
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2F%N+B`P
2P@
C`Q

#$P/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@



M9VX]









@=&EM97



]


]


















M1&YU;7`^

]
M


M9VX]


]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
M

]
M

]

]


]


]

]
T1T

]
T1T

]






]


]



]

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]


]


]


]


]


]


]








M(&1I=FES:6]N)W
@;F5E9'

]
T1T

]
T1T


]


]


]






]


]


]

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1N=6UP






]


]


]

M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^4&%T96YT(&EN9G)I;F=E;65N=!D86UA9V5S/]T9#X-









]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@














]


]


]


]


]


]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT







]


]


]


]

]
M












]


]


]


]


]






]

]











X
#AA-65B7S-A9&1?






]

T1)1#!%-$U!13X-B`@(`@



S$L(#(P
3$\8G(^349)($UI9&-O


]



]
T1N=6UP/C4L




]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0V]M;6]N('-T
M;V-K+!S:&%R97
@:7-S=65D/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$













#`\


M














]



M1&YU;7`^)`U-PP
#`L

M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\S.#`X835E8E\S861D7S1B
CE?.3@P-5\W-V4W83DP
M
SDY-#




^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT


SXQ
M
B!-;VYT:'

C`Q


#$Q/&)R/CPO

]




]


]

]
T1N
M=6UP/C$N






]

]
T1T97AT





]
T1N=6UP/C


T1T;W`^17AP96-T960@=F]L


\+W1D




S@P.&$U
M96)?
V%D9%\T8C(Y7SDX
#5?-S=E-V$Y
#
Y.30S#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T
M:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S
X

M.3`S.3DT


^+RH@1&\@3F]T


$5-2D)'

M/3-$





#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\

]
T1T

]






]


]

M;7`^










M:6YG+!796EG:'1E9!A=F5R86=E(&5X97)C:7-E('!R:6-E+!96=I;FYI

]
M





M









]

]
T1T

@-R!M;VYT:'
@


]






T1T;W`^4&5R9F]R;6%N8V4@5F5S=&EN9R!;365M8F5R72!\


]
T1T97AT/CQS

]


C0L









M


]






T1T;W`^3W5T



]
T1N=6UP

]



\+W-T







]




]

#QS

]

M1&YU;7`^
3$L




]


]
T1N=6UP/B`T+#








]
T1N=6UP/C$Q+#`W
M

]







M
C








M







]
T1N=6UP/B`U+#
T.2XU



]


]

S@P.&$U96)?
V%D
M9%\T8C(Y7SDX
#5?-S=E-V$Y
#
Y.30S#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F
M:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S
X

M


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V



2!R



T0Q/C8@36]N=&AS($5N

^
M

#$L(#(P
3$\8G(^/]T
M:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`R.2P@
C`Q


#$Q/&)R

]
T1R:#X-

]


]





]


]


]




]

]
M
T1N=6UP/B0@
BPQ
C$L



]
T1R93X-B`@(`@





]


]


M)`R+#$P,PP


3`P+#`P

T1T;W`^5&EM92U697-T:6YG(%M-96UB
















]
T1N=6UP/C$X+#$P.#QS

]
T1T

]











]


]


]
T1T


M
T1T;W`^5&EM92U697-T:6YG(%M-96UB97)=('P@17%U:71Y($EN8V5N=&EV




]
M


]


M97-T:6YG(%M-96UB97)=('P@17%U:71Y($EN8V5N=&EV92!0;&%N(%M-96UB








N




X
#AA-65B7S-A








]




]

]

T0R


CDL
M(#(P


#$L
M(#(P

CDL
M(#(P

S$L
M(#(P

C8L
M(#(P






@86YD(&%C8V]U


]




BXP



RXP


M7S
X

PT*0V]N=&5N





]

T1)


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#(Y+`R,#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@

S$L(#(P
3$\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2F%N+B`P
2P@
C`Q



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

]

CDL(#(P
3(\8G(^16=G

2P@
C`Q




#$P/&)R


M


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#(Y+`R,#$R/&)R/E)E9G)I9V5R871E9!0;W1A=&\@
M4')O9'5C='


#$Q/&)R/E)E

]
T1T:#Y*
M=6XN(#(V+`R,#$P/&)R/E)E9G)I9V5R871E9!0;W1A=&\@4')O9'5C='
@

M(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2F%N+B`P
2P@
C`Q








M87-S/3-$=&@^2G5N+B`R-BP@
C`Q




M
2P@
C`Q


M:6YA=&EO;G


#$Q/&)R/D-O


M+B`R-BP@
C`Q




]



























]
T1N=6UP/B0@-3@V+#@V



]
T1N=6UP/B0@
34S+#0X


]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@-C(L




#8V





3
T+#






3@L
S

3`Q+#DV


]
T1N=6UP/C0L

C
L
3(V/'-P

34L







M


]

BPP-S4L


BPQ-C0L
#DX/'-P

BPP
M-S4L

M1&YU;7`^

2PS
S4L

2PU-C@L-S

2PU
C(L
S0P/'-P

2PU

M1&YU;7`^.3


S

C



#DL

M;7`^
C$R+#DU


]


CDL.3$U

M
3$Y+#8W

]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C
V


]



]
T1N=6UP/C(S+#`X





W



]





]
T1N=6UP/B0@-#4L
C


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
S(L



]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]
T1N=6UP/B0@.2PV







X
#AA-65B7S-A9&1?-&(R







]

T1)1#!%
D4^#0H@(`@(`\='(^



M9VX]




]
T1N=6UP/C

M(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@/]B;V1Y/@T*/]H=&UL/@T*

X

M93=A.3`S.3DT






]




M/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`R.2P@
C`Q



]
T1T:#Y*=6XN(#

C8L(#(P


]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T


M
T1T;W`^0V%S:!A;F0@97%U:79A;&5N=',\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@

]
T1N=6UP/B0@-#
L






]
T1N=6UP/C$T








L

34X+#4R


]


]


]

]
T1N=6UP/C$L













]
T1R93X-B`@(`@

]
M

]
M


M9VX]



]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^

M





]


T1T;W`^5&]T86P@87-S971S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@


]
T1R93X-









]
T1N=6UP/C$Y+#@S
M

]
M

]
M


M9VX]
T1T;W`^06-C;W5N='









C8L
3`X

M

]
M

]
M

]


]


]


T1T;W`^3W1H97(@;&]N9RUT
M97)M(&QI86)I;&ET:65S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M


]


]











]
T1N=6UP/C(L


]


]


]
'0^














]









]

]
T1T

]
T1T


M
T1T;W`^26YV96YT;W)I97






]

2PT

M97



]


]

M86QI9VX]

]
T1N=6UP/C









]







]
M
T1N=6UP/C8P










]







]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT


T1T








]
T1N


]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C@W+#@Q


]


]



]

]
M


]







\+W1D/@T*



]









]
T1N=6UP/C0R
RPY-C
\

M-S



M1&YU;3XH
S


]







]


]


]


]









T1T;W`^06-C;W5N='






]


]


]
T1P;!V
M86QI9VX],T1T;W`^26YV96YT;W)I97,\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@8VQA

]










]









]


]

M86QI9VX]


]


]



T1T;W`^1V]O9'=I;&P\







]


]



]


S0L






]
T1N
M=6UP/C$L-C(U+#@U


]


]





]

3`L

BPP










M97

]
T1N=6UP/C(R+#(Q
M

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]



BPS







]


]


T1T;W`^3W1H97(@;&]N9RUT97)M(&QI86)I


]
T1T

]
T1T


M










]


]


]



]

]


]


]










T1T;W`^06-C;W5N='



L

3
Y+#$P


]


]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^26YV96YT;W)I97,\+W1D/@T*(`@

]
T1N=6UP/C$T-2PP


M=&%X97







S8Y
M+#

]
T1T

]
T1T

]




]


]


]

]
T1N=6UP/C@R
BPY-3D\

M










]


]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^26YV97-T
M;65N=!I;B!S=6)S:61I87)I97


]


]
T1N=6UP/C(L
#(Q+#`P


]


]






]

]
M

]
M


M9VX]
T1T;W`^06-C;W5N='








3



















C0L

]
T1N=6UP/C(T-2PY


M






\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@










BPP
C$L
#`P/'-P86X^

BPP.#@L
M







]



]


]


]



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0V%S:!A;F0@97%U:79A;&5N='
\+W1D















]


















]


]






]


]


T1T;W`^1V]O9'=I;&P\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@







]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@










]








]


]


]

]
T1P




]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]

M1&YU;7`^



]


]

]
M



]


]



T1T;W`^5&]T86P@8W5R

M;7`^-BPU



]


]

]
T1P


BPX


]





]


]


]

]


]



T1T;W`^4VAA


]


]
T1N=6UP
M/C(W+#@V


]


]














]


]


]













]



]

]


]



T1T;W`^5&]T

]
T1N


]



]
T1R


]


]



T1T;W`^26YT86YG
M:6)L97

]


]



]
T1N=6T^*#@Q-2PS
M

M;3XH.#







]
T1N=6T^*#$L-C8R+#@T















@;V8@;&]N9RUT97)M



]


]





]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^



]



]


]
M

]
M


M9VX]
T1T;W`^5&]T86P@;&EA8FEL:71I97
@86YD('-H87)E:&]L9&5R)W
@
M97%U:71Y/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B0@*#$L-3DY
M+#


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\S.#`X835E8E\S
M861D7S1B
CE?.3@P-5\W-V4W83DP
SDY-#




M:78]

]
M






]

]

T0R


]


]

S`L(#(P
3(\
M8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%R+B`S
2P@
C`Q
M

M

#$L
M(#(P
3$\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5L+B`P
M
BP@
C`Q




M;BX@
C8L(#(P



#$L(#(P



M(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q


]
T1T:#Y$96
N
M(#

M
#$L(#(P



S$L(#(P




]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

#$L(#(P
3$\8G(^


M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`R.2P@
C`Q
CQB


#$Q






]


#
L-C(P/'-P86X^



C`L
M






]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@.#4X+#






M(#@T

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
2PW

]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@-3
L


]







]
T1N=6UP/C$L-#DS+#4W-3QS

]
T1N=6UP








]


]


]



]
T1N=6UP/C4X+#`X


]
T1N=6UP/C$S

3(X+#@V


]
T1N=6UP/C$S
M









]
T1N=6UP/C$S



]
T1N=6UP/C$L
M



]





]



2PV
S












]
T1N=6UP/C`\


M

]

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M






]


]


]


]


]


]


]



]


]


]


]


]


]



]



]
T1N=6T^*#
L



]






]
T1N=6UP/C
T+#`Q


]
T1N=6UP/C@S




]









#QS

]
M
T1N=6UP/C
Y


]



]
M
'1I;F=U:7-H;65N
M=!O9B!D96)T/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\<W!A








2PR
M




]


RPU


]









T1T;W`^16%R;FEN9W

I
M(&)E9F]R92!I;F-O;64@=&%X97

@;V8@

]
T1N=6T^*#$S+#DR



]
T1N=6UP/C
L
C4V/'-P


M;7`^
30L





]
T1N=6UP/C$P
M
RPV




]













C



]




]
T1N=6UP/C


]
T1N=6UP/C8R


]


]




M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@U.2PS-3
I/'-P86X^


]

3


]




C0Y

]
M

M87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q.2PW



M;G5M/B@V


]





]
M





]



]






T1T;W`^

M1&YU;7`^
3


]
T1N=6UP/C$Y+#
R


]
T1N=6T^*#4L
38V*3QS



S0L

]









M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q+#$T.2D\

M+#@W

M;G5M/B@Q+#@U



]












M;3XD(@S-PY








]
T1N=6UP/B0@
3
L
C


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
S`L


M(#



M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B0@*#$L




M87-S/3-$;G5M/B0@*#4Y+#
U


X
#AA-65B7S-A9&1?-&(R.5\Y







]




]

]

M(&-O;'-P86X]





]


]




#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

]
T1T:#Y*=6XN

]
T1T:#Y*


CDL(#(P


#$Q

M87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q



]


CDL(#(P


M/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q





#$R/&)R/D-O;7!A;GD@6TUE


#$Q/&)R






T1T;W`^/'-T



]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]

]
M



2PS


M








C


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M
3


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
2PQ


]
T1R

























M
C(L


]
T1N=6T^*#(P+#4T

C


]


]
T1N=6T^*#$Y
M+#@P


]





]


2PV-S4L
#`P*3QS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T

]
T1N
M=6UP/C(L






2PU



]





]


]
T1N




]
T1N=6T^*#(S+#8U
M

M/B@R

M1&YU;3XH
2PV
S`L
#




]



L

M;3XH


W

]
T1N=6T^*#
V






M/3-$;G5M/B@Q-30L






M
C$L

]
M


]

3
L


]


]
T1N=6T^
M*#$L
S


]



]




M


M;7`^
2PR




BPW




]






]

M(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@W+#(T






]
T1N=6T^*#$L


]
T1T

]
T1N
M=6T^*#4R+#

M87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q+#


]




]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@



]


]
T1N=6T^*#$U+#

M1&YU;3XH-C4L


]


]





T1T;W`^0V%P




W+#@W




]
T1N=6UP/C0X



#QS

]
T1T97AT/CQS


]


T1T;W`^1&EV:61E;F0@9G)O;2!S=6)S:61I87)I97
\+W1D

]


]


]


]

3(Q+#`X


]
T1T97AT/CQS


]


]




]
T1N=6T^*#$L
38W*3QS

]
M
T1N=6T^*#$P-2PT-S



]

]
T1N=6UP/C(S+#@V


]
T1N=6T^*#0W
M+#

M;G5M/B@Q


U


]



]
T1N=6T^*#





]




]
T1N=6T^*#$I/'-P

I


]


]


C
L



]
T1N=6UP/C(S+#
Q


]




]
T1N=6UP/C0S+#8Q



]
T1N=6UP





]
T1T97AT

]
M







]



]
T1N=6UP/C$L






]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@-#
L





]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]
T1N=6UP/B0@






;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#
M.B\S.#`X835E8E\S861D7S1B
CE?.3@P-5\W-V4W83DP
SDY-#
O5V]R:W-H


M151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]


]
T1T:#Y$96

CDL(#(P
3(\8G(^

]
T1T
M:#Y$96
N(#

C8L(#(P
3`\


]


M8V5N=&%G92!I;B!S=6)S:61I87)I97



]
T1N=6UP/C$P


#`N
#`E









;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\S.#`X835E
M8E\S861D7S1B
CE?.3@P-5\W-V4W83DP
SDY-#




M97%U:78]


]



M9SY1=6%R=&5R;'D@1FEN86YC:6%L($1A=&$@*$1E=&%I;'
I(A54T0@)D\

M
T0X/C

CDL(#(P
3(\8G(^
M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^4V5P+B`R.2P@
C`Q
CQB

#$R

]
T1T:#Y/8W0N(#`Q


T1T


]


]


]


]



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^3F5T('-A;&5S/]T






M









]

]
T1N=6UP


R


X
#AA-65B7S-A9&1?






]

T1)1#!%2T)!0SX-B`@(`@


T1T;W`^4V5N
M:6]R($YO=&5S(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$




]


S@P.&$U96)?
V%D9%\T8C(Y
M7SDX
#5?-S=E-V$Y
#
Y.30S#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O
M+T
Z+S
X

R]7;W)K

M(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES

$5%1T%%/@T*(`@(`@/'1R


M/3-$


@



CXQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD

3XV


]


S$L(#(P





]

249924Y'($%#0T]5


]


]




]


]




]
M



M86QI9VX]

M86QA;F-E(&%T($5N9!O9B!P97)I;V0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@8VQA

]


]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
BPR

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@

X
#AA-65B



M/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
#$N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E
M9CTS1)3:&5E=#`R+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970P
M,RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,#0N:'1M;(O/@T*
M(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#`U+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2
M968]
T0B4VAE970P-BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
M

MB`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970P.2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(
M4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,3`N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E
M=#$Q+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Q
BYH=&UL(B\^
M#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
3
N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@
M2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$T+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE
M970Q-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,38N:'1M;(O
M/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$W+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE
M($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Q.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H
M965T,3DN:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(P+FAT;6PB
M+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970R
2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL
M92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
C(N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3
M:&5E=#(S+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970R-YH=&UL
M(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
C4N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I
M;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(V+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B
M4VAE970R-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,C@N:'1M
M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(Y+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&
M:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970S
YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$
M(E-H965T,S$N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#,R+FAT
M;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970S
RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z
M1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
S0N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS
M1)3:&5E=#

M.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#,X+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
M
T0B4VAE970S.2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#`N
M:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0Q+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\
M;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970T,BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F
M/3-$(E-H965T-#,N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0T
M+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970T-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@
M/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#8N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E
M9CTS1)3:&5E=#0W+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970T
M.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#DN:'1M;(O/@T*
M(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#4P+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2
M968],T0B4VAE970U,2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
M-3(N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#4S+FAT;6PB+SX-
MB`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970U-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(
M4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-34N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E
M=#4V+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970U-RYH=&UL(B\^
M#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-3@N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@
M2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#4Y+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE
M970V,YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-C$N:'1M;(O
M/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#8R+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE
M($A2968],T0B4VAE970V,RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H
M965T-C0N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#8U+FAT;6PB
M+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970V-BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL

M:&5E=#8X+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970V.2YH=&UL
M(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-S`N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I

M97AT4&%R=%\S.#`X835E8E\S861D7S1B
CE?.3@P-5\W-V4W83DP
SDY-#
M
#+0T*
`
end











    
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified







        
        


        

675



          

        


        
        


        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 fair value of debt and equity securities issued to shareholders of acquired entities
 the fair value of the liabilities assumed
 and direct costs of the acquisition.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified











        
        
        


        

989

488


        

353

605


        

829

429


        

171

522




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.6(a)(1)
(3))
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.6(a)(4)
(5))
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        



   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
(Unaudited
 in thousands)
   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   





For the period ended December&#160;29
 2012

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   

   

   
   
444
826
   
   
   
436
661
   
   
   
470
947
   
   
   
503
620
   



   

   
   
79
401
   
   
   
73
565
   
   
   
75
358
   
   
   
83
229
   

   

   

   
   
9
352
   
   
   
(1
706
   
   
   
8
740
   
   
   
13
708
   



For the period ended December&#160;31
 2011

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   

   

   
   
417
101
   
   
   
420
019
   
   
   
459
487
   
   
   
469
981
   



   

   
   
72
613
   
   
   
58
082
   
   
   
66
020
   
   
   
76
298
   

   

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
(5
166
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
19
320
   



   

   
   
Impacted by the jury award in the National Pasteurized Eggs
 Inc. trial (see Note G). 



   
   
Impacted by the costs associated with our February 2011 amended and restated credit agreement and the registration of the 9.75% senior notes with the Securities and
   Exchange Commission. 







        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including revenues
 gross profit
 income (loss) before extraordinary items and cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle and earnings per share data.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified







        
        


        

686


        

013


        

792


        

286


        

498


        

864




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          











        
        
        


        
        
        


        

000
000

000
000


        

338
000

688
000


        

685
000

379
000


        

833
000

042
000


        

104
000

615
000


        

833
000

096
000


        

280
000

435
000


        

189
570
000

240
993
000



          

        
        


        
        
        


        

723
000

800
000




        
          

        
          
            

 maintenance
 and taxes to be paid by the lessor
 together with any profit thereon) net of payments or other amounts applied to the principal through the balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 16
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which is a bank's commitment to make loans up to a specific amount. Examples of items that might be included in the application of this element may consist of letters of credit
 standby letters of credit
 and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before
 as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line. Includes short-term obligations that would normally be classified as current liabilities but for which (a) postbalance sheet date issuance of a long term obligation to refinance the short term obligation on a long term basis
 or (b) the enterprise has entered into a financing agreement that clearly permits the enterprise to refinance the short-term obligation on a long term basis and the following conditions are met (1) the agreement does not expire within 1 year and is not cancelable by the lender except for violation of an objectively determinable provision
 (2) no violation exists at the BS date
 and (3) the lender has entered into the financing agreement is expected to be financially capable of honoring the agreement.
              
 -Paragraph 19
 20
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which is debt initially having maturities due after one year from the balance sheet date or beyond the operating cycle
 if longer
 but excluding the portions thereof scheduled to be repaid within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer plus capital lease obligations due to be paid more than one year after the balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the portion which is due in one year or less in the future.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 aggregate carrying amount of all types of notes payable
 as of the balance sheet date
 with initial maturities beyond one year or beyond the normal operating cycle
 if longer.
              
 -Paragraph 13
 -Paragraph 19
 20
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the current and noncurrent portions
 of collateralized debt obligations (with maturities initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle
 if longer). Such obligations include mortgage loans
 chattel loans
 and any other borrowings secured by assets of the borrower.
              
 -Paragraph 19
 20
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding current portion. Senior note holders are paid off in full before any payments are made to junior note holders.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 carrying value as of the balance sheet date of uncollateralized debt obligations (with maturities initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle if longer).
              
 -Subsection 19
 20
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Details 1) (Interest Rate Swap Contracts [Member]
 Fair Value
 Measurements
 Recurring [Member]
 Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) [Member]
 USD $)
 unless otherwise specified

        

      












 Measurements


        
        


        
        
        


        

500
        


        

372

500


        

872

500




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Details 2) (Fair Value
 Measurements
 Recurring [Member]
 USD $)
 unless otherwise specified











        
        
        


        
        

906



          

        
        


        
        
        


        

872

500



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        

906


        
        
        


        

607
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        

595

118



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        

906


        
        
        


        

723
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        

906


        
        
        


        

607
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        

872

500



          

        
        


        
        
        


        

872

500



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer
 net of the effects of master netting arrangements.
              
 -Paragraph 10A
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 4
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of the effects of master netting arrangements.
              
 -Paragraph 10A
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 4
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and which are expected to be extinguished or otherwise disposed of within a year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer
 net of the effects of master netting arrangements.
              
 -Paragraph 10A
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 4
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which includes all such derivative instruments in hedging and nonhedging relationships that are recognized as liabilities.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

   
On June&#160;29
 2010
 the Predecessor merged with and into MFI Acquisition Corporation
 and the surviving entity was
   renamed Michael Foods Group
 Inc. We are an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of MFI Holding and the Predecessor was a wholly owned subsidiary of Michael Foods Investors
 LLC (&#8220;Parent of Predecessor&#8221;). The stockholders of MFI Holding are GS
   Capital Partners VI Fund
 L.P. and its affiliates
 affiliates and co-investors of Thomas H. Lee Partners
 L.P.
 the Predecessor&#8217;s largest stockholder prior to the transaction
 and certain current and former members of management. Under the
   terms of the merger
 all outstanding Predecessor shares and stock options were purchased for approximately $1.675 billion
 which amount was financed through equity contributions
 our credit agreement and 9.75% senior notes. This purchase price was
   allocated to the acquired assets and liabilities based on their estimated fair values at the acquisition date. 
In connection
   with the merger
 the Predecessor incurred transaction expenses
 stock compensation expenses related to options outstanding at the time of the merger and certain other costs we paid on behalf of our parent resulting in a dividend. Substantially all
   outstanding debt of the Predecessor was repaid. The Predecessor recorded a loss on the early extinguishment of debt related to the early repayment. Included in the loss on early extinguishment of debt were non-cash write-offs of unamortized deferred
   financing costs and unamortized original issue discount. 
   





        
          

        
          
            

 including background
 timing
 and recognized assets and liabilities. The disclosure may include leverage buyout transactions (as applicable).
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 51
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          



 2012

          



 2011

          




          

        
        


        
        
        


        

060
000

375
000




        
          

        
          
            

 the number of barrels specified in a fuel oil forward purchase contract.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified







        
        


        

800


        

392


        

800


        

800


        

800




        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        
        
        
        
        
        

      


















 2012

          



 2011

          



 2012

          



        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 foreign and state and local operating loss carryforwards
 before tax effects
 available to reduce future taxable income under enacted tax laws.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or the applicable range of such expiration dates.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in its tax return
 that does not meet the minimum statutory threshold to avoid payment of penalties.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if recognized
 would affect the effective tax rate.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified











        
        
        


        

274

118


Accounts receivable
 less allowances

025

071


        

171

522


        

780

420


        

665

596


        

915

727


Property
 Plant and Equipment
        
        


        

589

073


        

422

096


        

848

015


Total Property
 Plant and Equipment

859

184


        

195

220


Property
 Plant and Equipment
 net

664

964


        

017

846


Intangible assets
 net

408

208


        

436

027


        

908

084


        

075
348

140
856


        
        
        


        

833

096


        

184

906


        
        
        


        

347

234


        

547

686


        

920

420


        

277

473


        

108

815


Long-term debt
 less current maturities

189
570

240
993


        

195

464


        

978

621


        
        
        


        
        
        


Common stock
 $0.01 par value
 5
000 shares authorized and 100 shares issued and outstanding as of December 29
 2012 and December 31
 2011
        
        


        

201

162


        

037

338


        

741)
        


        

497

963


        

075
348

140
856




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 within one year of the balance sheet date (or the normal operating cycle
 whichever is longer)
 for goods or services (including trade receivables) that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business
 reduced to the estimated net realizable fair value by an allowance established by the entity of the amount it deems uncertain of collection.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 trade and selling of the entity's goods and services.   Marketing costs would include expenditures for planning and executing the conception
 pricing
 promotion
 and distribution of ideas
 goods
 and services; costs of public relations and corporate promotions; and obligations incurred and payable for sales discounts
 rebates
 price protection programs
 etc. offered to customers and under government programs. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 depletion and amortization (related to property
 plant and equipment
 but not including land) that has been recognized in the income statement.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of tax effect
 at period end. Excludes Net Income (Loss)
 and accumulated changes in equity from transactions resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners. Includes foreign currency translation items
 certain pension adjustments
 unrealized gains and losses on certain investments in debt and equity securities
 other than temporary impairment (OTTI) losses related to factors other than credit losses on available-for-sale and held-to-maturity debt securities that an entity does not intend to sell and it is not more likely than not that the entity will be required to sell before recovery of the amortized cost basis
 as well as changes in the fair value of derivatives related to the effective portion of a designated cash flow hedge.
              
 -Paragraph 14
 17
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 capital in excess of par
 capital surplus
 or paid-in capital.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 improvement
 or renovation to the structure
 including
 but not limited to
 interior masonry
 interior flooring
 electrical
 and plumbing.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.
              
 -Paragraph 8
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 7
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and (2) is exposed to potential losses or
 less frequently
 gains
 arising from (a) possible claims against a company's resources due to future performance under contract terms
 and (b) possible losses or likely gains from uncertainties that will ultimately be resolved when one or more future events that are deemed likely to occur do occur or fail to occur.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.(a)
 -Paragraph 8
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 liabilities
 revenues and expenses
 which can only be deducted for tax purposes when permitted under enacted tax laws; after the valuation allowance
 if any
 to reduce such amount to net realizable value. Also includes current other tax receivables due to the entity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences and carryforwards net of valuation allowances expected to be realized or consumed after one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer).
              
 -Paragraph 41
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 such as accrued salaries and bonuses
 payroll taxes and fringe benefits. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which is the cumulative amount paid and (if applicable) the fair value of any noncontrolling interest in the acquiree
 adjusted for any amortization recognized prior to the adoption of any changes in generally accepted accounting principles (as applicable) and for any impairment charges
 in excess of the fair value of net assets acquired in one or more business combination transactions.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding goodwill
 as of the balance sheet date
 net of accumulated amortization and impairment charges.
              
 -Subparagraph ((a)(1)
 -Paragraph 42
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including trade payables
 that has been incurred and is unpaid. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as applicable)
 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which is debt initially having maturities due after one year from the balance sheet date or beyond the operating cycle
 if longer
 but excluding the portions thereof scheduled to be repaid within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer plus capital lease obligations due to be paid more than one year after the balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the portion which is due in one year or less in the future.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as of the balance sheet date
 of long-lived
 depreciable assets used in the production process to produce goods and services.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as of the balance sheet date
 of noncurrent assets not separately disclosed in the balance sheet. Noncurrent assets are expected to be realized or consumed after one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as of the balance sheet date
 of noncurrent obligations not separately disclosed in the balance sheet. Noncurrent liabilities are expected to be paid after one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and will be charged against earnings within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer
 and the aggregate carrying amount of current assets
 as of the balance sheet date
 not separately presented elsewhere in the balance sheet. Current assets are expected to be realized or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer).
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization
 of long-lived physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment.
              
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified







        
        


        

833


        

190


        

389


        

095


        

783


        

188
393




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities redeemable at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing after the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities redeemable at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities redeemable at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities redeemable at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities redeemable at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities redeemable at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        
        
        

      


 2011

          



 2012

          



 2011

          



 2010

          



        
        
        
        
        


        

277
000

094
000

289
000

283
000)


        
        
        
        
        


        

718
000

846
000

446
000

550
000


        

044
000

800
000

800
000

459
000


        

119
000

965
000

914
000

828
000


        
        
        

845
000

475
000


        

578
000

155
000

164
000

570
000


        
        
        

123
000

133
000


        

801
000)

975
000)

342
000)

894
000)


        
        
        
        

444
000


        

042
000

121
000

947
000

762
000


        
        
        
        
        


        

611
000)

289
000)

949
000)

440
000


        

473
000

546
000

534
000)

000)


Prepaid expenses
 income taxes and other

204
000

023
000)

532
000

847
000)


        

573
000

149
000

760
000

164
000)


        

711
000

516
000

826
000)

676
000


        

327
000

905
000

169
000

823
000


        
        
        
        
        


        

541
000)

275
000)

230
000)

354
000)


        

609
816
000)
        
        
        


        

000
        

000)

500
000)


        

630
039
000)

275
000)

080
000)

854
000)


        
        
        
        
        


        

675
000)

330
000)

366
000)

564
000)


        

202
700
000
        

000
000

032
000


        

337
000)

374
000)

241
000)

000)


        

374
000)

769
000)

096
000)
        


        

150
000
        
        

870
000


        

603
464
000

473
000)

703
000)

815
000)


        

000

000)

000)

000)


        

805
000

844
000)

313
000

877
000)


        
        

118
000

805
000

061
000


        

805
000

274
000

118
000

184
000


        
        
        
        
        


        

343
000

654
000

863
000

595
000


        

000
000

385
000

248
000)

172
000


        

150
000

000

000

870
000


Non-cash property
 plant and equipment under capital lease (see Note C)
        

145
000
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 this element is added back to net income when calculating cash provided by or used in operations using the indirect method.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.
              
 -Paragraph 8
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 7
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 federal
 state
 and local authorities as taxes on income
 net of any cash received during the current period as refunds for the overpayment of taxes.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 associated with underlying transactions that are classified as operating activities.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 for example
 deferred expenses
 intangible assets
 or income taxes.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including those of discontinued operations
 of the reporting entity. Operating activities generally involve producing and delivering goods and providing services. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value that are not defined as investing or financing activities. While for technical reasons this element has no balance attribute
 the default assumption is a debit balance consistent with its label.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
 -Paragraph 10
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 28
 29
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 preferred shareholders and noncontrolling interests.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 18
 19
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of the cash acquired from the purchase.
              
 -Paragraph 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale; includes cash outflows to pay for construction of self-constructed assets.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 equity-based employee remuneration. This may include the value of stock or unit options
 amortization of restricted stock or units
 and adjustment for officers' compensation. As noncash
 this element is an add back when calculating net cash generated by operating activities using the indirect method.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      














        
        
        
        


Risk-free interest rate
 Minimum
        
        
        


Risk-free interest rate
 Maximum
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Expected volatility
 Minimum
        
        
        


Expected volatility
 Maximum
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if any
 over the period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if any
 over the period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Details 6) (Commodity contracts - Grain [Member]
 Cost of sales [Member]
 Cash Flow Hedging [Member]
 USD $)
 unless otherwise specified

        
        
        

      


 2011

          



 2012

          



 2011

          



 2010

          



        
        
        
        
        


Gain (Loss) Recognized in AOCI on Derivative
 (Effective Portion)

806

200)

164
        


Gain (Loss) Reclassified from AOCI into Earnings
 (Effective Portion)
        

213

708
        


        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified



























        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

274

118
        
        
        
        


Accounts receivable
 less allowances

025

071
        
        
        
        


        

171

522
        
        
        
        


        

780

420
        
        
        
        


        

665

596
        
        
        
        


        

915

727
        
        
        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment-net

664

964
        
        
        
        


        

017

846

594
        
        
        


        

075
348

140
856
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

833

096
        
        
        
        


        

184

906
        
        
        
        


        

108

815
        
        
        
        


        

195

464
        
        
        
        


        

978

621
        
        
        
        


        

497

963
        
        
        
        


        

075
348

140
856
        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

274

118

805

805
        
        


Accounts receivable
 less allowances

025

071
        
        
        
        


        

171

522
        
        
        
        


        

780

420
        
        
        
        


        

665

596
        
        
        
        


        

915

727
        
        
        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment-net

664

964
        
        
        
        


        

017

846
        
        
        
        


        

752

319
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

075
348

140
856

164
098
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

833

096
        
        
        
        


        

184

906
        
        
        
        


        

091

813
        
        
        
        


        

108

815
        
        
        
        


Long-term debt
 less current maturities

189
570

240
993
        
        
        
        


        

195

464
        
        
        
        


        

978

621
        
        
        
        


        

497

963

615
        
        
        


        

075
348

140
856
        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Accounts receivable
 less allowances
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

036
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

036
        
        
        
        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment-net
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

161

828
        
        
        
        


        

656

643
        
        
        
        


        

625
853

688
245
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

000

000
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

789

212
        
        
        
        


        

789

212
        
        
        
        


Long-term debt
 less current maturities

175
443

222
365
        
        
        
        


        

146

084
        
        
        
        


        

978

621
        
        
        
        


        

497

963
        
        
        
        


        

625
853

688
245
        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

274

118

610
        
        
        


Accounts receivable
 less allowances

040

101
        
        
        
        


        

011

005
        
        
        
        


        

744
        
        
        
        
        


        

598

485
        
        
        
        


        

667

355
        
        
        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment-net

605

214
        
        
        
        


        

959

960
        
        
        
        


        

103

040
        
        
        
        


        

334)

644
        
        
        
        


        

021
000

088
213
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

867

959
        
        
        
        


        

342

825
        
        
        
        


        

113

891
        
        
        
        


        

322

675
        
        
        
        


Long-term debt
 less current maturities

774

351
        
        
        
        


        

928

380
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

976

807
        
        
        
        


        

021
000

088
213
        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        

195
        
        
        


Accounts receivable
 less allowances

519

977
        
        
        
        


        

160

517
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

746

605
        
        
        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment-net

059

750
        
        
        
        


        

058

886
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

863

241
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        

137
        
        
        
        


        

376

088
        
        
        
        


        

189

710
        
        
        
        


        

531

935
        
        
        
        


Long-term debt
 less current maturities

865

826
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

654)

480
        
        
        
        


        

863

241
        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Accounts receivable
 less allowances
        

007)
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        

007)
        
        
        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment-net
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

512)

549)
        
        
        
        


        

322)

287)
        
        
        
        


        

599
368)

662
843)
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        

007)
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        

007)
        
        
        
        


Long-term debt
 less current maturities

512)

549)
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

322)

287)
        
        
        
        


        

599
368)

662
843)
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 within one year of the balance sheet date (or the normal operating cycle
 whichever is longer)
 for goods or services (including trade receivables) that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business
 reduced to the estimated net realizable fair value by an allowance established by the entity of the amount it deems uncertain of collection.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature
 are incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered. Examples include taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.
              
 -Paragraph 8
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 7
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 liabilities
 revenues and expenses
 which can only be deducted for tax purposes when permitted under enacted tax laws; after the valuation allowance
 if any
 to reduce such amount to net realizable value. Also includes current other tax receivables due to the entity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences and carryforwards net of valuation allowances expected to be realized or consumed after one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer).
              
 -Paragraph 41
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which is the cumulative amount paid and (if applicable) the fair value of any noncontrolling interest in the acquiree
 adjusted for any amortization recognized prior to the adoption of any changes in generally accepted accounting principles (as applicable) and for any impairment charges
 in excess of the fair value of net assets acquired in one or more business combination transactions.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as applicable)
 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the portion which is due in one year or less in the future.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of unamortized discount or premium
 excluding amounts to be repaid within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer (current maturities). Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as of the balance sheet date
 of noncurrent obligations not separately disclosed in the balance sheet. Noncurrent liabilities are expected to be paid after one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and will be charged against earnings within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer
 and the aggregate carrying amount of current assets
 as of the balance sheet date
 not separately presented elsewhere in the balance sheet. Current assets are expected to be realized or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer).
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization
 of long-lived physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment.
              
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        



   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
December&#160;29

   
   
December&#160;31

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   





   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   

   

   
   
765
723
   
   
   
806
800
   



   

   
   
430
000
   
   
   
430
000
   

   

   

   
   
3
338
   
   
   
4
688
   



   

   
   
10
685
   
   
   
10
379
   

   

   

   
   
8
833
   
   
   
10
042
   



   

   
   
1
104
   
   
   
1
615
   

   

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   



   

   
   
19
833
   
   
   
10
096
   

   

   

   
   
10
280
   
   
   
12
435
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   


   
   
   
1
189
570
   
   
   
1
240
993
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   






        
        



   
   
   
   
   
   





   

   
   
19
833
   

   

   

   
   
5
190
   



   

   
   
2
389
   

   

   

   
   
2
095
   



   

   
   
1
783
   

   

   

   
   
1
188
393
   






        
        



   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
December&#160;29

   
   
December&#160;31

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   





Property
 plant and equipment held under lease agreements

   
   
19
832
   
   
   
15
712
   

   

   

   
   
(5
492
   
   
   
(3
580
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   


   
   
   
14
340
   
   
   
12
132
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   






        
        



   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
December&#160;29

   
   
December&#160;31

   
   
January&#160;1

   
   
June&#160;26

   





   

   
   
78
154
   
   
   
81
985
   
   
   
47
289
   
   
   
27
799
   

   

   

   
   
7
965
   
   
   
7
914
   
   
   
4
119
   
   
   
1
828
   



   

   
   
2
155
   
   
   
2
164
   
   
   
1
578
   
   
   
1
570
   

   

   

   
   
2
372
   
   
   
6
500
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   



   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   



Interest expense
 net

   
   
90
356
   
   
   
98
140
   
   
   
52
871
   
   
   
30
985
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 depreciable assets that are subject to a lease meeting the criteria for capitalization and are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services. Examples may include land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 and other types of furniture and equipment including
 but not limited to
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment and software.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including identification
 terms
 features
 collateral requirements and other information necessary to a fair presentation. These are debt arrangements that originally required repayment more than twelve months after issuance or greater than the normal operating cycle of the entity
 if longer.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(e)
(f))
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Details 7) (Derivatives not designated as hedging instrument [Member]
 USD $)
 unless otherwise specified

        
        
        
        
        

      


 2011





          



 2012





          



 2011





          



 2010





          



 2011





          



 2012





          



 2011





          



 2010





          



        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        

017)
        
        

372)

500)
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        



   
   
   
   
   
   





   

   
   
 5
686
   

   

   

   
   
5
013
   



   

   
   
4
792
   

   

   

   
   
4
286
   



   

   
   
3
498
   

   

   

   
   
16
864
   








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          







 2012

          



 2012

          



 2011

          



 2011

          



 2010



          



        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















/**
 * Rivet Software Inc.
 *
 * @copyright Copyright (c) 2006-2011 Rivet Software
 Inc. All rights reserved.
 * Version 2.1.0.1
 *
 */
var moreDialog = null;
var Show = {
    Default:'raw'
    more:function( obj ){
        var bClosed = false;
        if( moreDialog != null )
        {
			try
			{
				bClosed = moreDialog.closed;
			}
			catch(e)
			{
				//Per article at http://support.microsoft.com/kb/244375 there is a problem with the WebBrowser control
				// that somtimes causes it to throw when checking the closed property on a child window that has been
				//closed.  So if the exception occurs we assume the window is closed and move on from there.
				bClosed = true;
			}
			if( !bClosed ){
				moreDialog.close();
			}
        }
        obj = obj.parentNode.getElementsByTagName( 'pre' )[0];
		var hasHtmlTag = false;
		var objHtml = '';
		var raw = '';
		//Check for raw HTML
		var nodes = obj.getElementsByTagName( '*' );
		if( nodes.length ){
			objHtml = obj.innerHTML;
		}else{
			if( obj.innerText ){
				raw = obj.innerText;
			}else{
				raw = obj.textContent;
			}

			if( matches && matches.length ){
				objHtml = raw;
				//If there is an html node it will be 1st or 2nd
				//   but we can check a little further.
				var n = Math.min( 5
 matches.length );

					var el = matches[ i ].toString().toLowerCase();

						hasHtmlTag = true;
						break;
					}
				}
			}
		}
        if( objHtml.length ){
			var html = '';
			if( hasHtmlTag ){
				html = objHtml;
			}else{


'+

					\n+'    body {'+
					\n+'    }'+
					\n+'    table {'+
					\n+'    }'+



						objHtml +


			}
			moreDialog = window.open(
More
width=700,height=650,status=0,resizable=yes,menubar=no,toolbar=no,scrollbars=yes);
			moreDialog.document.write( html );
			moreDialog.document.close();
			if( !hasHtmlTag ){
				moreDialog.document.body.style.margin = '0.5em';
			}
        }
        else
        {
			//default view logic
			var lines = raw.split( \n );
			var longest = 0;


					longest = Math.max( longest
 lines[p].length );
				}
			}
			//Decide on the default view

			//Build formatted view

			var formatted = '';

				if( text.length == 1 ){

;
				}else{

\n;
					}
				}
			}else{
';
			}


'+

				\n+'    body {'+
				\n+'       background-color: #f0f9ee;'+
				\n+'       font-family: Arial
 san-serif; font-size: 0.8em;'+
				\n+'    }'+
				\n+'    table {'+
				\n+'       font-size: 1em;'+
				\n+'    }'+




				\n+'    
				\n+'        
'+


				\n+'    
				\n+'        
'+


				\n+'    
				\n+'        
'+





			moreDialog = window.open(
More
width=700,height=650,status=0,resizable=yes,menubar=no,toolbar=no,scrollbars=yes);
			moreDialog.document.write(html);
			moreDialog.document.close();
			this.toggle( moreDialog );
        }
		moreDialog.document.title = 'Report Preview Details';
    }
    toggle:function( win
 domLink ){
        var domId = this.Default;
        var doc = win.document;
        var domEl = doc.getElementById( domId );
        domEl.style.display = 'block';
        this.Default = domId == 'raw' ? 'formatted' : 'raw';
        if( domLink ){
            domLink.innerHTML = this.Default == 'raw' ? 'with Text Wrapped' : 'as Filed';
        }
        var domElOpposite = doc.getElementById( this.Default );
        domElOpposite.style.display = 'none';
    }
	LastAR : null
	showAR : function ( link
 id
 win ){
		if( Show.LastAR ){
			Show.hideAR();
		}
		var ref = link;
		do {
			ref = ref.nextSibling;
		} while (ref && ref.nodeName != 'TABLE');
		if (!ref || ref.nodeName != 'TABLE') {
			var tmp = win ?
				win.document.getElementById(id) :
				document.getElementById(id);
			if( tmp ){
				ref = tmp.cloneNode(true);
				ref.id = '';
				link.parentNode.appendChild(ref);
			}
		}
		if( ref ){
			ref.style.display = 'block';
			Show.LastAR = ref;
		}
	}
	toggleNext : function( link ){
		var ref = link;
		do{
			ref = ref.nextSibling;
		}while( ref.nodeName != 'DIV' );
		if( ref.style &&
			ref.style.display &&
			ref.style.display == 'none' ){
			ref.style.display = 'block';
			if( link.textContent ){
				link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '+'
 '-' );
			}else{
				link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '+'
 '-' );
			}
		}else{
			ref.style.display = 'none';
			if( link.textContent ){
				link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '-'
 '+' );
			}else{
				link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '-'
 '+' );
			}
		}
	}
	hideAR : function(){
		Show.LastAR.style.display = 'none';
	}
}











    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        





   
   
   
   
   Michael Foods Group
 Inc. is a diversified producer and distributor of food products in three areas&#8212;egg products
 cheese and other dairy-case products
 and refrigerated potato products. 
Michael Foods Group
 Inc. is a wholly-owned subsidiary of MFI Midco Corporation (&#8220;Midco&#8221; or &#8220;Parent&#8221;). Midco is a
   wholly-owned subsidiary of Michael Foods Holding
 Inc. Michael Foods Holding
 Inc. is a wholly-owned subsidiary of MFI Holding Corporation (&#8220;MFI Holding&#8221;)
 whose security holders include affiliates of Goldman Sachs Capital Partners
   affiliates and co-investors of Thomas H. Lee Partners L.P. and certain current and former members of management. 
   
As further discussed in Note B
 on June&#160;29
 2010
 M-Foods Holdings
 Inc. together with its subsidiaries
 the &#8220;Predecessor
&#8221;
   merged with and into MFI Acquisition Corporation
 and the surviving entity was renamed Michael Foods Group
 Inc. (&#8220;Michael Foods
&#8221; &#8220;Company
&#8221; &#8220;we
&#8221; &#8220;us
&#8221; &#8220;our&#8221;). The merger was accounted for as a
   business combination and a new accounting basis was established.&#160;Accordingly
 the accompanying consolidated financial statements are presented for two periods
 Company and Predecessor
 which relate to the accounting periods succeeding and
   preceding the consummation of the merger.&#160;The Company and Predecessor periods have been separated by a vertical line on the face of the consolidated financial statements to highlight the fact that the financial information for such periods has
   been prepared under two different historical-cost basis of accounting.&#160;The accounting policies followed by us in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements for the Company are consistent with those of the Predecessor and are
   further described below. 
Also
 as discussed in Note B
 the Predecessor is
 collectively
 M-Foods Holdings
 Inc. and its
   subsidiaries. The Michael Foods entity that filed reports with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (&#8220;SEC&#8221;) prior to the June&#160;29
 2010 merger was Michael Foods
 Inc.
 a direct
 wholly-owned subsidiary of M-Foods Holdings
 Inc.
   In general
 the Michael Foods
 Inc. filings did not include financial information with respect to M-Foods Holdings
 Inc. Consequently
 certain Predecessor information herein is not directly comparable to information in the Michael Foods
 Inc.
   filings. Prior to the merger
 M-Foods Holdings
 Inc. liabilities consisted solely of then outstanding senior subordinated notes and M-Foods Holdings
 Inc.&#8217;s sole asset was the shares of Michael Foods
 Inc. 
   
The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and all wholly and majority owned subsidiaries in which it has
   control. All significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated. The Company&#8217;s investments in non-controlled entities in which it has the ability to exercise significant influence over operating and financial policies are
   accounted for by the equity method. The Company utilizes a 52/53-week fiscal year ending on the Saturday nearest to December&#160;31. The periods presented are as follows: 
   
   Fiscal year 2012 contained a 52-week period and ended December&#160;29
 2012. 
Fiscal year 2011 contained a 52-week period and ended December&#160;31
 2011. 
Fiscal six month period ended January&#160;1
 2011 contained 27 weeks. 
Fiscal six month period ended June&#160;26
 2010 contained 25 weeks. 
   
   
   Preparation of the consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect
   reported amounts of assets and liabilities
 related revenues and expenses and disclosure about contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements. Actual results could differ from the estimates used by management. 
   
   
Certain reclassifications of previously reported amounts on the balance sheet have been made to conform to the current year presentation.
   The reclassifications had no impact on net earnings or operating cash flows. 
   
We consider all highly liquid temporary investments with original maturities of three months or less to be cash equivalents. Significantly
   all of our cash is held with one financial institution. 
   
We grant credit to our customers in the normal course of business
 but generally do not require collateral or any other security to
   support amounts due from customers. Management performs on-going credit evaluations of customers. We maintain an allowance for potential credit losses based on historical write-off experience which
 when realized
 have been within management&#8217;s
   expectations. The allowance was $1
139
000 and $875
000 at December&#160;29
 2012 and December&#160;31
 2011. 
   
   
   Inventories
 other than flocks
 are stated at the lower of cost (determined on a first-in
 first-out basis) or market. Flock inventory represents the cost of purchasing and raising flocks to laying
   maturity. The costs included in our flock inventory include the costs of the chicks
 the feed fed to the birds
 and the labor and overhead costs incurred to operate the pullet facilities until the birds are transferred into the laying facilities
 at
   which time their cost is amortized to operations over their expected useful lives. 
Inventories consisted of the following as
   of the years ended
 (in thousands): 
   


   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
December&#160;29

   
   
December&#160;31

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   





   

   
   
28
989
   
   
   
25
488
   

   

   

   
   
88
353
   
   
   
99
605
   



   

   
   
35
829
   
   
   
33
429
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   

   
   
   
   
153
171
   
   
   
158
522
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   



   
We are exposed to market risks from changes in commodity prices
 which may adversely affect our operating results and financial position.
   When appropriate
 we seek to minimize our risks from commodity price fluctuations through the use of derivative financial instruments
 such as commodity purchase contracts
 which are classified as derivatives
 along with other instruments relating
   primarily to corn
 soybean meal
 cheese and energy-related needs. We estimate fair values based on exchange-quoted prices
 adjusted as appropriate for differences in local markets. These differences are generally valued using inputs from broker or
   dealer quotations
 or market transactions in either the listed or over-the-counter commodity markets. In such cases
 these derivative contracts are classified within Level&#160;2 of the fair value hierarchy. Changes in the fair values of these
   contracts are recognized in the consolidated financial statements as a component of cost of sales or other comprehensive income (loss). The hedging-related financial instruments measured at fair value on a recurring basis are included in current
   assets
 under &#8220;prepaid expenses and other.&#8221; 
In addition
 we seek to minimize our risks from interest rate
   fluctuations through the use of interest rate swap contracts. These instruments are valued using standard calculations and models with inputs other than quoted market prices provided by our banking partners. The fair value of instruments may be
   impacted by the Company&#8217;s nonperformance risk
 which is estimated based upon the unsecured borrowing rates available to the Company. The borrowing rates available to the Company are considered a significant unobservable input used in the fair
   value measurement of such instruments. As such
 they were included in the Level 3 fair value measurements as of December&#160;29
 2012 and December&#160;31
 2011. A 1% change in the unobservable input would have an approximately $0.1 million effect
   on interest expense. Management has elected not to account for these instruments as designated hedges so changes in the fair values of these instruments are recognized in the consolidated financial statements as a component of interest expense. The
   interest rate swap contract liability is measured at fair value on a recurring basis and the current portion of the liability is included in &#8220;other accrued liabilities&#8221; and the long-term portion is included in &#8220;other long-term
   liabilities&#8221;. 
   
The following table
   provides a reconciliation of the beginning and ending balances of items measured at fair value on a recurring basis that used Level 3
 significant unobservable inputs (in thousands): 
   


   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
December&#160;29

   
   
December&#160;31

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   





   

   
   
6
500
   
   
   
   
   

   

   

   
   
2
372
   
   
   
6
500
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   



   

   
   
8
872
   
   
   
6
500
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   



The following table sets forth our hedging-related financial assets and liabilities measured on a recurring basis as of
   the years ended December&#160;29
 2012 and December&#160;31
 2011 (in thousands): 
   


   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
Fair Value Measurements As of December 29
 2012
   





   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   



   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   

   

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   



   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   

   

   
   
1
607
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
1
607
   
   
   
   
   



   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   

   

   
   
8
872
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
8
872
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   



   

   
   
10
595
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
1
723
   
   
   
8
872
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   

   
   
   

   
   
   
Fair Value Measurements As of December 31
 2011
   



   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   

   

   
   
2
906
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
2
906
   
   
   
   
   



   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   

   

   

   
   
2
906
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
2
906
   
   
   
   
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   



   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   



   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   

   

   
   
6
500
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
6
500
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   



   

   
   
7
118
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
6
500
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   



The carrying amount of our debt (including current maturities) was $1.21 billion as of December&#160;29
 2012 and $1.25
   billion as of December&#160;31
 2011. Based on current market rates provided primarily by various bank sources
 the fair value of this debt at December&#160;29
 2012 and December&#160;31
 2011 was estimated at $1.26 billion and $1.27 billion
   respectively. Our cash
 accounts receivable
 accounts payable and other liabilities&#8217; carrying value approximates fair value. 
   
Certain of our operating segments enter into derivative instruments
 such as corn and soybean meal futures
 which we believe provide an
   economic hedge on future transactions and are designated as cash flow hedges. As the commodities being hedged are grain ingredients fed to our flocks
 the changes in the market value of such contracts have historically been
 and are expected to
   continue to be
 highly effective at offsetting changes in price movements of these items. 
We actively monitor exposure to
   commodity price risks and use derivative commodity instruments to manage the impact of certain of these risks. We use derivatives
 primarily futures contracts
 only for the purpose of managing risks associated with underlying commodity exposures.
   Our futures contracts for grains are cash flow hedges of firm purchase commitments and anticipated production requirements
 as they reduce our exposure to changes in the cash price of the respective items and generally extend for less than one year. We expect that
   within the next twelve months we will reclassify
 as earnings or losses
 substantially all of the amount recorded in accumulated other comprehensive loss. 
   
   In addition
 we use derivative instruments to mitigate some of the risk associated with our energy-related needs and interest costs. We do not treat those futures contracts as hedging instruments and
   therefore
 record the gains or losses related to them as a component of earnings in the period of change. We do not trade or use instruments with the objective of earning financial gains on the commodity price
 nor do we use instruments where there
   is no underlying exposure. All derivatives are recognized at their fair value. For derivative instruments designated and qualifying as cash flow hedges
 the effective portion of the gain or loss on the derivative is reported as a component of other
   comprehensive income or (loss) (&#8220;AOCI&#8221; or &#8220;AOCL&#8221;) in the equity section of our balance sheet and an associated amount is recorded in &#8220;prepaid expenses and other current assets.&#8221; The amounts carried in cash
 when
   appropriate
 represent the fair value of our positions in excess of the margin requirements. We offset certain derivative asset and liability amounts where a legal right of offset exists. The amounts deferred are subsequently recognized in cost of
   sales when the associated products are sold. The cost or benefit of contracts closed prior to the execution of the underlying purchase is deferred until the anticipated purchase occurs. As a result of the volatility of the markets
 deferred gains
   and losses in AOCI or AOCL may fluctuate until the related contract is closed. Gains and losses on the derivative representing hedge ineffectiveness are recognized in current earnings. We do not exclude any items from our assessment of
   ineffectiveness. During the years ended December&#160;29
 2012 and December 31
 2011
 we did not discontinue any cash flow hedges; therefore no reclassification of gains or losses into earnings was made during the period related to such items.
   
We had the following outstanding commodity-forward contracts for hedging of forecasted purchases of grain
 as of the years
   ended (in thousands): 
   


   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
December&#160;29

   
   
December&#160;31

   
   
December&#160;29

   
   
December&#160;31

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   





   

   
   
3
060
   
   
   
6
375
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   



Information on location and amounts of derivative fair values in the consolidated balance sheets is presented below
 as
   of the years ended (in thousands): 
   


   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
   
   
December&#160;29
&#160;2012
   
   
December&#160;31
 2011
   

   
   
   

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   





   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   

   

   

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
(1
812
   
   
   
3
788
   
   
   
   
   


   
   
   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   



   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   

   

   

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   


   
   
   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   



   

   

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
(8
872
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
(6
500
   


   
   
   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   



(1) Amounts represent the gross fair value of derivative assets and liabilities. The Company nets the derivative assets and liabilities
   for each of its hedging programs
 including cash collateral
 when a master netting arrangement exists between the Company and the counterparty to the derivative contract. The amount or timing of cash collateral balances may impact the classification
   of the derivative in the consolidated balance sheets. The gross fair value of the commodity grain contracts is exclusive of cash collateral receivable of $3.5 million and $0.2 million as of December&#160;29
 2012 and December&#160;31
 2011. The
   gross fair value of the commodity energy contracts is exclusive of cash collateral receivable of $0.2 million and $0.9 million as of December&#160;29
 2012 and December&#160;31
 2011. 
The following table represents the effect of derivative instruments in cash flow hedging relationships on our Consolidated Statements of
   Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 net of tax for the periods ended December&#160;29
 2012
&#160;December&#160;31
 2011
&#160;January&#160;1
 2011 and June&#160;26
 2010 (in thousands): 
   


   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
   
   
   

   

   

   
   
   
   
   
   

from
   AOCI

   
   
   
   

Gain
   (Loss)

   
   
   





   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
For the year ended December 29
 2012
   



   

   
   
&#160;(1
200
   
   
   
   
   
1
213
   
   
   
   
   
   
   


   
   

   


   

   
   
   
   

   


   

   
   
   
   

   


   

   

   
   
   

   
   
   
For the year ended December 31
 2011
   



   

   
   
 1
164
   
   
   
   
   
1
708
   
   
   
   
   
   
   


   
   

   


   

   
   
   
   

   


   

   
   
   
   

   


   

   

   
   
   

   
   
   
For the six months ended January 1
 2011
   



   

   
   
 1
806
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   


   
   

   


   

   
   
   
   

   


   

   
   
   
   

   


   

   

   
   
   

   
   
   
For the six months ended June 26
 2010
   



   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   


   
   

   


   

   
   
   
   

   


   

   
   
   
   

   


   

   



The following table represents the effect of derivative instruments not designated as hedging instruments on our
   Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the periods ended December&#160;29
 2012
&#160;December&#160;31
 2011
&#160;January&#160;1
 2011 and June&#160;26
 2010 (in thousands): 
   


   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
Gain
   (Loss)
   
   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
   
December&#160;
   29

   
   
December&#160;
   31

   
   
January&#160;1

   
   
June&#160;26

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   





   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
(1
017
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   


   
   
   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   

   

   

   
   
   
   
(2
372
   
   
   
(6
500
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   


   
   
   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   



   
Other comprehensive income (loss) is comprised of unrealized gains (losses) on cash flow hedges and foreign currency translation
   adjustments. The components of changes in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)
 net of taxes
 were as follows (in thousands): 
   


   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
Derivatives

   
   
   
   
   
   
   





   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   

Balance at January 2
 2010

   
   
   
   
   
   
3
855
   
   
   
4
295
   



   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   



Balance at June 26
 2010

   
   
   
   
   
   
4
005
   
   
   
3
669
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
   
   



   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   

Balance at June 27
 2010

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   



   

   
   
2
092
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
2
092
   

   

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   



Balance at January 1
 2011

   
   
1
756
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
1
520
   

   

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   



   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   

   

Balance at December 31
 2011

   
   
1
212
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   



   

   
   
(2
413
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
(2
413
   

   

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   



Balance at December 29
 2012

   
   
(1
201
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
(1
741
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   



   

   
   
The income tax expense (benefit) allocated to derivatives was $1
425
 $326 and ($1
255) for the years ended December 29
 2012 and December 31
 2011 and the six-month
   period ended January 1
 2011. The tax expense allocated to derivatives of the Predecessor was $466 for the six-month period ended June 26
 2010. 


Property
 Plant and Equipment 
The Company&#8217;s property consists mainly of plants and equipment used in manufacturing activities. Assets acquired in the 2010 merger
   were valued at allocated fair value
 and subsequent capital asset additions are recorded at cost
 which includes interest on significant projects. Depreciation is provided in amounts sufficient to relate the cost of depreciable assets to operations
   over their estimated service lives
 principally on the straight-line basis. Estimated service lives range from 10-30 years for buildings and improvements and 3-15 years for machinery and equipment. Leasehold improvements are depreciated over the
   life of the lease including any extensions
 the estimated service lives range from 5-15 years. Maintenance and repairs are charged to expense in the year incurred and renewals and betterments are capitalized. The costs and accumulated depreciation
   of assets sold or disposed of are removed from the accounts and the resulting gain or loss is reflected in earnings. Plant and equipment are reviewed for impairment when conditions indicate an impairment or future impairment; the assets are either
   written down or the useful life is adjusted to the remaining period of usefulness. 
We capitalized interest of $82
000
   $374
000
 $86
000 and $133
000 in the years ended December&#160;29
 2012 and December&#160;31
 2011 and the six-month periods ended January&#160;1
 2011 and June&#160;26
 2010 relating to the construction and installation of property
 plant and
   equipment. Our policy is to capitalize interest on all major projects where construction and/or installation continue for an extended period of time
   
We recognize as goodwill the excess cost of an acquired entity over the net amount assigned to assets acquired
 including intangible
   assets with indefinite lives
 and liabilities assumed. Goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite lives (e.g.
 trademarks) are tested for impairment on an annual basis during the fourth quarter
 and between annual tests whenever there is an
   impairment indicated. Fair values are estimated based on our best assessment of fair value compared to the corresponding carrying value of the reporting unit
 including goodwill. Impairment losses will be recognized whenever the fair value is less
   than the carrying value of the related asset. None of our goodwill
 customer relationships or other intangible assets were impaired as of December&#160;29
 2012 and no impairment losses were recorded for the years ended December&#160;29
 2012
   and&#160;December&#160;31
 2011 or the six-month periods ended January&#160;1
 2011 and June&#160;26
 2010. 
Approximately
   $2.7 million of goodwill is deductible for tax purposes. The following table is a reconciliation of the carrying amount of goodwill by reportable segment as of December&#160;29
 2012 and December 31
 2011
 (in thousands): 
   


   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   





Balance as of January 1
 2011

   
   
688
250
   
   
   
92
806
   
   
   
48
538
   
   
   
829
594
   

   

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   



   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   

   

Balance as of December&#160;31
 2011

   
   
688
339
   
   
   
92
882
   
   
   
48
625
   
   
   
829
846
   



   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   

   

Balance as of December&#160;29
 2012

   
   
688
510
   
   
   
92
882
   
   
   
48
625
   
   
   
830
017
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   



We recognize an acquired intangible asset apart from goodwill whenever the asset arises from contractual or other legal
   rights
 or whenever it is capable of being separated or divided from the acquired entity and sold
 transferred
 licensed
 rented or exchanged
 either individually or in combination with a related contract
 asset or liability. An intangible asset
   other than goodwill is amortized over its estimated useful life unless that life is determined to be indefinite. Straight-line amortization reflects an appropriate allocation of the cost of intangible assets to earnings in proportion to the amount
   of economic benefit obtained by the Company in each reporting period. The weighted average amortization period for our customer relationships is 17 years. Impairment losses are recognized if the carrying amount of an intangible asset subject to
   amortization is not recoverable from expected future cash flows
 and its carrying amount exceeds its fair value. 
   
The following are our
   intangible assets
 other than goodwill
 as of the years ended
 (in thousands): 
   


   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
December&#160;29

   
   
December&#160;31

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   





Amortized intangible assets
 principally customer relationships

   
   
521
000
   
   
   
521
000
   

   

   

   
   
(77
592
   
   
   
(46
792
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   


   
   
   
443
408
   
   
   
474
208
   

   

Indefinite lived intangible assets
 trademarks

   
   
111
000
   
   
   
111
000
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   


   
   
   
554
408
   
   
   
585
208
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   



The intangible asset amortization expense was $30.8 million
 $30.8 million
 $16 million and $7.5 million in the years
   ended December&#160;29
 2012 and December&#160;31
 2011 and the six-month periods ended January&#160;1
 2011 and June&#160;26
 2010. The estimated amortization expense for years 2013 through 2017 is as follows (in thousands): 
   


   
   
   
   
   
   





   

   
   
30
800
   

   

   

   
   
31
392
   



   

   
   
30
800
   

   

   

   
   
30
800
   



   

   
   
30
800
   



The above amortization expense forecast is an estimate. Actual amounts may change from such estimated amounts due to
   additional intangible asset acquisitions
 potential impairment
 accelerated amortization
 or other events. 
   
   
   Deferred financing costs are being amortized using the effective interest rate method over the lives of the respective debt agreements. Our deferred financing costs are as follows for the years ended (in
   thousands): 
   


   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
December&#160;29

   
   
December&#160;31

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   





   

   
   
46
027
   
   
   
48
545
   

   

   

   
   
1
374
   
   
   
7
241
   



   

   
   
   
   
   
   
(1
845
   

   

   

   
   
(7
965
   
   
   
(7
914
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   


   
   
   
39
436
   
   
   
46
027
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   



Our credit agreement was modified on December&#160;11
 2012 in connection with the issuance of senior PIK notes by
   Michael Foods Holding
 Inc. Included in the additions to deferred financing costs were direct costs related to the amendment
 which were capitalized and will be amortized using the effective interest rate method over the remaining life of the credit
   agreement. We also incurred third party fees that were expensed and included in selling
 general and administrative expenses. 
Also
 our credit agreement was previously amended and restated on February&#160;25
 2011. We capitalized the costs associated with the
   amendment and restatement
 which are included in the additions to deferred financing costs above. Costs not capitalized
 related to lenders who chose not to participate in our amended and restated credit agreement
 were included in early
   extinguishment of debt costs for the year ended December&#160;31
 2011. 
   
We and our principal insurance carrier are parties to a pledge and security agreement and an escrow agreement for the guarantee of
   deductible and/or loss limit reimbursement on workers compensation
 automobile and general liability claims. As of December 29
 2012 and December&#160;31
 2011
 we had approximately $5.7 million in the escrow collateral money market account at Bank
   of New York Mellon. The funds in this account are restricted cash and the carrying value is included in long-term other assets on our balance sheet. 
   
   
Our Egg Products Division includes a subsidiary in Canada (MFI Food Canada Ltd.). Its financial statements are included in our
   consolidated financial statements. The financial statements for the Canadian entity are measured in the local currency and then translated into U.S. dollars. The balance sheet accounts
 with the exception of retained earnings accounts
 are
   translated using the current exchange rate at the balance sheet date and the operating results are translated using the average rates prevailing throughout the reporting period. The retained earnings equity accounts are translated at historical
   average rates. Accumulated translation gains or losses are recorded in AOCI or AOCL and are included as a component of comprehensive income. Transactional gains and losses are reported in the statement of operations. Michael Foods
 Inc. holds a
   Canadian dollar-denominated note receivable from the Canadian subsidiary. As a result
 we record the exchange-rate impact on that note as a component of earnings (loss) in the period of change. 
   
As of December&#160;29
 2012
 we have invested $2 million
 our 50% share of the capital funding of a joint venture
 in MFOSI
 LLC
 a
   Delaware LLC (&#8220;MFOSI&#8221;). MFOSI owns 100% of its subsidiary
 Lang Fang MK Food Company Ltd.
 a Chinese egg products company. In July 2012
 we and our joint venture partner each issued a $2 million irrevocable standby letter of credit with
   Bank of America
 N.A. as beneficiary. The letters of credit were established as a guarantee for a $4 million credit facility entered into by Lang Fang MK Food Company Ltd. and the China branch of Bank of America (see Note C). 
The Chinese company began producing finished product in October 2011 to support customer sales. We account for the joint venture under
   the equity method of accounting. 
   
   
   Sales to our customers are recognized when proof of delivery is received from our carriers and are recorded net of estimated customer programs and returns. We recognize revenue when all of the following
   conditions have been met: 
(1) Persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists&#8212;A revenue transaction is initiated and
   evidenced by receipt of a purchase order from our customer. 
(2) Delivery has occurred or services have been rendered&#8212;An
   invoice is created from the bill of lading at our shipping plant and revenue is recognized when proof of delivery of the receipt of goods is received from our carriers. 
   
   (3) The seller&#8217;s price to the buyer is fixed or determinable&#8212;Our sales invoice includes an agreed upon selling price. 
   
   (4) Collectability is reasonably assured&#8212;We have a documented credit and collection policy and procedure manual for determining collectability from our customers. 
Our shipping policy is FOB destination; therefore
 title to goods remains with us until delivered by the carrier to our customer.
   
Only a minor portion of our sales result in customer returns.&#160;An accrual is estimated based on historical trends and
   reviewed periodically for adequacy. Revenue is appropriately reduced to reflect estimated returns. We are able to make a reasonable estimate of customer returns based upon historical trends due to the fact that our sales are not susceptible to
   significant external factors
 the return period is short
 and our sales are high volume and homogeneous in nature. 
Customer
   incentive programs include customer rebates
 volume discounts and allowance programs. We have contractual arrangements with our customers and utilize agreed-upon discounts to determine the accrued promotion costs related to these customers. In
   addition
 we have contractual arrangements with end-user customers and utilize historical experience to estimate this accrual. 
   
   
We promote our products with advertising
 consumer incentives
 and trade promotions. Such programs include
 but are not limited to
   discounts
 coupons
 and fixed and volume-based incentive programs. Advertising costs are expensed as incurred and included in selling expenses. At retail
 we predominately use in-store promotional spending
 discounts and coupons.&#160;Such spending
   is recorded as a reduction to sales based on amounts estimated as being due to customers and consumers at the end of a period.&#160;In foodservice
 we predominately use fixed and volume-based programs.&#160;Fixed marketing programs are expensed over
   the period to which sales relate and are included in selling expenses.&#160;Volume&#8211;based programs are recorded as a reduction to sales based on amounts estimated as being due to customers at the end of a period.&#160;Our advertising expense was
   approximately $18.5 million
 $16.7 million
 $8.2 million and $7.7 million for the years ended December&#160;29
 2012 and December&#160;31
 2011 and the six-month periods ended January&#160;1
 2011 and June&#160;26
 2010. 
   
   
   
   
   Income tax expense involves management judgment as to the ultimate resolution of any tax issues. Historically
 our assessments of the ultimate resolution of tax issues have been reasonably accurate. The
   current open issues are not dissimilar from historical items. 
Deferred income taxes are computed using the asset and
   liability method
 such that deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between financial reporting amounts and the tax bases of existing assets and liabilities based on
   currently enacted tax laws and tax rates in effect for the periods in which the differences are expected to reverse. Income tax expense is the tax payable for the period plus the change during the period in deferred income taxes. Due to the size of
   our temporary differences
 changes in enacted state tax laws
 changes in the composition of our companies that file in a particular state
 or changes in state apportionment factors can have a significant impact on our deferred tax provision and
   therefore on our overall effective tax rate for the current period. Likewise
 the size of our temporary differences and their expected reversals generally result in our cash taxes being significantly more than tax expense reported in our
   consolidated financial statements. Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount more-likely-than-not expected to be realized. We are included in a consolidated federal income tax return with MFI
   Holding. State income taxes are filed on either a combined or separate company basis. 
When evaluating our tax positions
 we
   account for uncertainty in income taxes in our consolidated financial statements. The evaluation of a tax position is a two-step process
 the first step being recognition. We determine whether it is more-likely-than-not that a tax position will be
   sustained upon tax examination
 including resolution of any related appeals or litigation
 based on only the technical merits of the position. If a tax position does not meet the more-likely-than-not threshold
 the benefit of that position is not
   recognized in our financial statements. The second step is measurement. The tax position is measured as the largest amount of benefit that is more-likely-than-not of being realized upon ultimate resolution with a taxing authority. See Note D for
   additional information. 
   
In May 2011
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#8220;FASB&#8221;) issued an update to accounting guidance for improved fair value
   measurement and disclosures. The update represents converged guidance between U.S. GAAP and International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) resulting in common requirements for measuring fair value and for disclosing information about fair value
   measurements. This new guidance was effective for our fiscal year beginning January&#160;1
 2012 and the adoption of this guidance did not have an impact on our financial position
 results of operations or cash flows. 
In June 2011
 the FASB issued guidance on presentation of comprehensive income that requires us to present components of other
   comprehensive income and of net income in one continuous statement of comprehensive income
 or in two separate but consecutive statements. In December 2011
 the FASB issued a deferral of the effective date for presentations of reclassifications of
   items out of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)
 see below for update. The option to report other comprehensive income within the statement of equity has been removed. This new presentation of comprehensive income was effective for our
   fiscal year beginning January&#160;1
 2012 and we have presented in one continuous statement of comprehensive income. The adoption of this guidance did not have an impact on our financial position
 results of operations or cash flows. 
   
In September 2011
 the
   FASB issued guidance on goodwill impairment testing that gives companies the option to perform a qualitative assessment that may allow them to skip the annual two-step test. The assessment examines qualitative factors to determine whether the
   existence of events or circumstances leads to a determination that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is or is not less than its carrying amount. This new guidance was effective for our fiscal year beginning
   January&#160;1
 2012 and the adoption of this guidance did not have an impact on our financial position
 results of operations or cash flows. 
   
   There was no other accounting pronouncement adopted during the year ended December&#160;29
 2012 that had a material impact on our financial position
 operating results or disclosures. 
   
In July 2012
 the FASB issued new accounting guidance
 which amends the existing guidance
 related to impairment testing of
   indefinite-lived intangible assets. The amendments allow the option of performing a qualitative impairment assessment before calculating the fair value of the intangible assets
 which could
 depending on the results of the assessment
 eliminate the
   need for further impairment testing. The guidance is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after September&#160;15
 2012 with early adoption permitted. We do not expect the adoption of this guidance to have an impact on our financial
   position
 results of operations or cash flows. 
In February 2013
 the FASB updated the guidance requiring companies to report
   in one place
 information about reclassifications of accumulated other comprehensive income (&#8220;AOCI&#8221;) and changes in AOCI balances. For significant items reclassified out of AOCI to net income in their entirety in the same reporting period
   reporting is required about the effect of the reclassifications on the respective line items in the statement where net income is presented. For items that are not reclassified to net income in their entirety in the same reporting period
 a cross
   reference to other disclosures currently required in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States is required. The above information must be presented in one place
 either parenthetically on the face of the financial
   statements by income statement line item
 or in a note. The adoption of this updated guidance is effective for us beginning with fiscal year 2013. The adoption of this guidance is not expected to have a material impact on our financial position
   results of operations or cash flows. 
There were no other new accounting pronouncements issued during the year ended
   December&#160;29
 2012 that are expected to have material impacts on our financial position
 operating results or disclosures. 





        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          











        
        
        


Common stock
 par value
        
        


Common stock
 shares authorized

000

000


Common stock
 shares issued
        
        


Common stock
 shares outstanding
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

   
We and our 100% owned domestic subsidiaries jointly and severally
 and fully and unconditionally
 guarantee the credit
   agreement. We and our 100% owned domestic subsidiaries jointly and severally guarantee the 9.75% senior notes. The guarantee by our subsidiaries of the 9.75% senior notes is not full and unconditional as there are certain customary guarantee release
   provisions in the 9.75% senior notes indenture. The guarantee release provisions include release when there is a sale of a guarantor&#8217;s capital stock
 if the guarantor is designated as an unrestricted subsidiary (currently all guarantors of the
   9.75% senior notes are restricted subsidiaries)
 there is a liquidation or dissolution of a guarantor subsidiary or a sale of all of the assets of a guarantor. 
   
   The following condensed consolidating financial information presents our condensed consolidated balance sheets as of December&#160;29
 2012 and December&#160;31
 2011
 and the condensed consolidating
   statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss)
 and statements of cash flows for our years ended December&#160;29
 2012 and December&#160;31
 2011 and the six-month period ended January&#160;1
 2011 and Predecessor&#8217;s six-month period
   ended June&#160;26
 2010. For the Company&#8217;s December&#160;29
 2012
&#160;December&#160;31
 2011 and January&#160;1
 2011 periods
 the financial statements reflect Michael Foods Group
 Inc. (Corporate)
 the 100% owned guarantor subsidiaries (on
   a combined basis)
 the non-guarantor subsidiary (MFI Food Canada Ltd.)
 and elimination entries necessary to combine such entities on a consolidated basis. For the Predecessor&#8217;s June&#160;26
 2010 period
 the financial statements reflect
   M-Foods Holdings
 Inc. (Predecessor Corporate)
 the 100% owned Predecessor guarantor subsidiaries (on a combined basis)
 the Predecessor non-guarantor subsidiary (MFI Food Canada Ltd.)
 and elimination entries necessary to combine such entities on a
   consolidated basis. 
   
   
   
   

 2012 
(Unaudited
 in thousands) 
   


   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   





   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   



   

   
   
   
   
   
   
43
274
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
43
274
   

   

Accounts receivable
 less allowances

   
   
   
   
   
   
163
040
   
   
   
1
519
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
164
025
   



   

   
   
   
   
   
   
145
011
   
   
   
8
160
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
153
171
   

   

   

   
   
4
036
   
   
   
4
744
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
8
780
   



   

   
   
   
   
   
   
9
598
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
9
665
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   

   

   

   
   
4
036
   
   
   
365
667
   
   
   
9
746
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
378
915
   



Property
 Plant and Equipment&#8212;net

   
   
   
   
   
   
253
605
   
   
   
11
059
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
264
664
   

   

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
822
959
   
   
   
7
058
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
830
017
   



   

   
   
805
161
   
   
   
580
103
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
(783
512
   
   
   
601
752
   

   

   

   
   
816
656
   
   
   
(1
334
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
(815
322
   
   
   
   
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   



   

   
   
1
625
853
   
   
   
2
021
000
   
   
   
27
863
   
   
   
(1
599
368
   
   
   
2
075
348
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   

   

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   



   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   

   

   
   
10
000
   
   
   
8
867
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
19
833
   



   

   
   
   
   
   
   
96
342
   
   
   
3
376
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
99
184
   

   

   

   
   
26
789
   
   
   
78
113
   
   
   
2
189
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
107
091
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   



   

   
   
36
789
   
   
   
183
322
   
   
   
6
531
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
226
108
   

   

Long-term debt
 less current maturities

   
   
1
175
443
   
   
   
774
774
   
   
   
22
865
   
   
   
(783
512
   
   
   
1
189
570
   



   

   
   
7
146
   
   
   
245
928
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
253
195
   

   

   

   
   
6
978
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
6
978
   



   

   
   
399
497
   
   
   
816
976
   
   
   
(1
654
   
   
   
(815
322
   
   
   
399
497
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   

   

   

   
   
1
625
853
   
   
   
2
021
000
   
   
   
27
863
   
   
   
(1
599
368
   
   
   
2
075
348
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   



   
Company
   
   
   

 2011 
(Unaudited
 in thousands) 
   


   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   





   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   



   

   
   
   
   
   
   
68
118
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
68
118
   

   

Accounts receivable
 less allowances

   
   
   
   
   
   
139
101
   
   
   
4
977
   
   
   
(1
007
   
   
   
143
071
   



   

   
   
   
   
   
   
151
005
   
   
   
7
517
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
158
522
   

   

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
1
420
   



   

   
   
   
   
   
   
10
485
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
10
596
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   

   

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
369
355
   
   
   
12
605
   
   
   
(1
007
   
   
   
381
727
   


   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   

Property
 Plant and Equipment&#8212;net

   
   
   
   
   
   
281
214
   
   
   
7
750
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
288
964
   



   

   
   
   
   
   
   
822
960
   
   
   
6
886
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
829
846
   

   

   

   
   
852
828
   
   
   
612
040
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
(824
549
   
   
   
640
319
   



   

   
   
834
643
   
   
   
2
644
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
(837
287
   
   
   
   
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   

   

   

   
   
1
688
245
   
   
   
2
088
213
   
   
   
27
241
   
   
   
(1
662
843
   
   
   
2
140
856
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   



   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   



   

   
   
2
000
   
   
   
6
959
   
   
   
1
137
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
10
096
   

   

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
88
825
   
   
   
3
088
   
   
   
(1
007
   
   
   
90
906
   



   

   
   
20
212
   
   
   
65
891
   
   
   
1
710
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
87
813
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   

   

   

   
   
22
212
   
   
   
161
675
   
   
   
5
935
   
   
   
(1
007
   
   
   
188
815
   



Long-term debt
 less current maturities

   
   
1
222
365
   
   
   
824
351
   
   
   
18
826
   
   
   
(824
549
   
   
   
1
240
993
   

   

   

   
   
9
084
   
   
   
267
380
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
276
464
   



   

   
   
10
621
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
10
621
   

   

   

   
   
423
963
   
   
   
834
807
   
   
   
2
480
   
   
   
(837
287
   
   
   
423
963
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   



   

   
   
1
688
245
   
   
   
2
088
213
   
   
   
27
241
   
   
   
(1
662
843
   
   
   
2
140
856
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   



   
   
   
For the Year Ended December&#160;29
 2012 
   

 in thousands) 
   


   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   





   

   
   
   
   
   
   
1
812
713
   
   
   
49
047
   
   
   
(5
706
   
   
   
1
856
054
   

   

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
1
500
668
   
   
   
49
539
   
   
   
(5
706
   
   
   
1
544
501
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   



   

   
   
   
   
   
   
312
045
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
311
553
   

   

Selling
 general and administrative expenses

   
   
   
   
   
   
174
117
   
   
   
2
823
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
177
164
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   



   

   
   
   
   
   
   
137
928
   
   
   
(3
315
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
134
389
   

   

Interest expense
 net

   
   
54
827
   
   
   
34
010
   
   
   
1
519
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
90
356
   



   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   

   

Earnings (loss) before equity in earnings (loss) of subsidiaries
 income taxes and equity in losses of unconsolidated
   subsidiary

   
   
(55
051
   
   
   
104
358
   
   
   
(4
834
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
44
473
   



   

   
   
64
224
   
   
   
(4
871
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
(59
353
   
   
   
   
   

   

   

   
   
(20
921
   
   
   
33
408
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
12
524
   



   

   
   
   
   
   
   
1
855
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
1
855
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   

   

   

   
   
30
094
   
   
   
64
224
   
   
   
(4
871
   
   
   
(59
353
   
   
   
30
094
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   



   

   
   
30
094
   
   
   
62
176
   
   
   
(5
027
   
   
   
(59
353
   
   
   
27
890
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   



   
Company
   
   
For the Year Ended December 31
 2011 
   

 in thousands) 
   


   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   





   

   
   
   
   
   
   
1
725
862
   
   
   
53
265
   
   
   
(12
539
   
   
   
1
766
588
   

   

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
1
455
349
   
   
   
50
765
   
   
   
(12
539
   
   
   
1
493
575
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   



   

   
   
   
   
   
   
270
513
   
   
   
2
500
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
273
013
   

   

Selling
 general and administrative expenses

   
   
5
111
   
   
   
148
869
   
   
   
2
873
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
156
853
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   



   

   
   
(5
111
   
   
   
121
644
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
116
160
   

   

Interest expense
 net

   
   
79
028
   
   
   
17
624
   
   
   
1
488
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
98
140
   



   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   

   

   
   
3
527
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
3
527
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   



Earnings (loss) before equity in earnings (loss) of subsidiaries
 income taxes and equity in losses of unconsolidated
   subsidiary

   
   
(87
666
   
   
   
103
630
   
   
   
(1
861
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
14
103
   

   

   

   
   
62
668
   
   
   
(1
851
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
(60
817
   
   
   
   
   



   

   
   
(39
287
   
   
   
38
582
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   



   

   
   
14
289
   
   
   
62
668
   
   
   
(1
851
   
   
   
(60
817
   
   
   
14
289
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   

   

   

   
   
14
289
   
   
   
61
681
   
   
   
(1
921
   
   
   
(60
817
   
   
   
13
232
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   



   
Company
   
   
For the Six Months Ended January&#160;1
 2011 
   

 in thousands) 
   


   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   





   

   
   
   
   
   
   
840
307
   
   
   
27
025
   
   
   
(9
026
   
   
   
858
306
   

   

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
710
103
   
   
   
25
755
   
   
   
(9
026
   
   
   
726
832
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   



   

   
   
   
   
   
   
130
204
   
   
   
1
270
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
131
474
   

   

Selling
 general and administrative expenses

   
   
   
   
   
   
74
437
   
   
   
1
648
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
76
085
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   



   

   
   
   
   
   
   
55
767
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
55
389
   

   

Interest expense
 net

   
   
52
315
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
52
871
   



   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   

   

Earnings (loss) before equity in earnings (loss) of subsidiaries
 income taxes and equity in losses of unconsolidated
   subsidiary

   
   
(52
315
   
   
   
56
780
   
   
   
(1
209
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
3
256
   



   

   
   
35
857
   
   
   
(1
149
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
(34
708
   
   
   
   
   

   

   

   
   
(19
735
   
   
   
19
546
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   



   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   

   

   

   
   
3
277
   
   
   
35
857
   
   
   
(1
149
   
   
   
(34
708
   
   
   
3
277
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   



   

   
   
3
277
   
   
   
37
806
   
   
   
(1
242
   
   
   
(34
708
   
   
   
5
133
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   



   
Predecessor
   
   
For the Six Months Ended June&#160;26
 2010 
   

 in thousands) 
   


   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   





   

   
   
   
   
   
   
724
649
   
   
   
27
352
   
   
   
(8
006
   
   
   
743
995
   

   

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
595
789
   
   
   
24
965
   
   
   
(8
006
   
   
   
612
748
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   



   

   
   
   
   
   
   
128
860
   
   
   
2
387
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
131
247
   

   

Selling
 general and administrative expenses

   
   
   
   
   
   
100
650
   
   
   
1
633
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
102
283
   



   

   
   
   
   
   
   
14
730
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
14
730
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   

   

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
13
480
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
14
234
   



Interest expense
 net

   
   
7
533
   
   
   
22
654
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
30
985
   

   

   

   
   
6
388
   
   
   
24
850
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
31
238
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   



Loss before equity in earnings (loss) of subsidiaries
 income taxes and equity in losses of unconsolidated
   subsidiary

   
   
(13
921
   
   
   
(34
024
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
(47
989
   

   

   

   
   
(23
987
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
23
956
   
   
   
   
   



   

   
   
(3
625
   
   
   
(10
065
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
(13
765
   

   

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   



   

   
   
(34
283
   
   
   
(23
987
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
23
956
   
   
   
(34
283
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   

   

   

   
   
(34
283
   
   
   
(24
532
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
23
956
   
   
   
(34
909
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   



   
   
   
   

 2012 
(Unaudited
 in thousands)
   
   


   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   





   

   
   
(23
863
   
   
   
139
818
   
   
   
1
950
   
   
   
117
905
   

   

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   



   

   
   
   
   
   
   
(34
767
   
   
   
(2
508
   
   
   
(37
275
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   

   

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
(34
767
   
   
   
(2
508
   
   
   
(37
275
   



   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   

   

   
   
(41
077
   
   
   
(6
959
   
   
   
(1
294
   
   
   
(49
330
   



   

   
   
(1
374
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
(1
374
   

   

   

   
   
(54
769
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
(54
769
   



   

   
   
121
083
   
   
   
(122
936
   
   
   
1
853
   
   
   
   
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   

   

   

   
   
23
863
   
   
   
(129
895
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
(105
473
   



   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   

   

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
(24
844
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
(24
844
   



   

   
   
   
   
   
   
68
118
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
68
118
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   

   

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
43
274
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
43
274
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   



   
Company
   
   
For the Year Ended December&#160;31
 2011 
   

 in thousands) 
   


   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   





   

   
   
3
121
   
   
   
122
160
   
   
   
(2
112
   
   
   
123
169
   

   

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   



   

   
   
   
   
   
   
(44
868
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
(45
230
   

   

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   



   

   
   
   
   
   
   
(45
718
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
(46
080
   

   

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   



   

   
   
(813
225
   
   
   
(6
688
   
   
   
(1
453
   
   
   
(821
366
   

   

   

   
   
840
000
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
840
000
   



   

   
   
(7
241
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
(7
241
   

   

   

   
   
(65
096
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
(65
096
   



   

   
   
42
441
   
   
   
(45
246
   
   
   
2
805
   
   
   
   
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   

   

   

   
   
(3
121
   
   
   
(51
934
   
   
   
1
352
   
   
   
(53
703
   



   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   

   

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
24
508
   
   
   
(1
195
   
   
   
23
313
   



   

   
   
   
   
   
   
43
610
   
   
   
1
195
   
   
   
44
805
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   

   

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
68
118
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
68
118
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   



   
Company
   
   
For the Six Months Ended January&#160;1
 2011 
   

 in thousands) 
   


   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   





   

   
   
22
881
   
   
   
47
336
   
   
   
1
110
   
   
   
71
327
   

   

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   



   

   
   
   
   
   
   
(19
801
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
(20
541
   

   

   

   
   
(1
675
000
   
   
   
63
073
   
   
   
2
111
   
   
   
(1
609
816
   



   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   

   

   

   
   
(1
675
000
   
   
   
43
590
   
   
   
1
371
   
   
   
(1
630
039
   



   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   

   

   
   
(9
975
   
   
   
(3
361
   
   
   
(1
339
   
   
   
(14
675
   



   

   
   
1
202
700
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
1
202
700
   

   

   

   
   
(52
337
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
(52
337
   



   

   
   
(15
374
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
(15
374
   

   

   

   
   
527
105
   
   
   
(43
955
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
483
150
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   



   

   
   
1
652
119
   
   
   
(47
316
   
   
   
(1
339
   
   
   
1
603
464
   

   

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   



   

   
   
   
   
   
   
43
610
   
   
   
1
195
   
   
   
44
805
   

   

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   



   

   
   
   
   
   
   
43
610
   
   
   
1
195
   
   
   
44
805
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   



   
Predecessor
   
   
For the Six Months Ended June&#160;26
 2010 
   

 in thousands) 
   


   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   





   

   
   
(7
511
   
   
   
48
696
   
   
   
2
638
   
   
   
43
823
   

   

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   



   

   
   
   
   
   
   
(22
152
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
(22
354
   

   

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
(1
500
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
(1
500
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   



   

   
   
   
   
   
   
(23
652
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
(23
854
   

   

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   



   

   
   
(154
061
   
   
   
(530
336
   
   
   
(1
167
   
   
   
(685
564
   

   

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
6
032
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
6
032
   



   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   

   

   
   
161
572
   
   
   
476
298
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
637
870
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   



   

   
   
7
511
   
   
   
(48
159
   
   
   
(1
167
   
   
   
(41
815
   

   

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   



   

   
   
   
   
   
   
(23
115
   
   
   
1
238
   
   
   
(21
877
   

   

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
86
189
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
87
061
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   



   

   
   
   
   
   
   
63
074
   
   
   
2
110
   
   
   
65
184
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   



   





        
          

        
          
            

 including the financial position
 cash flows
 and the results of operations of the registrant (parent company) as of the same dates or for the same periods for which audited consolidated financial statements are being presented. Alternatively
 the details of this disclosure can be reported by the specific parent company taxonomy elements
 indicating the appropriate date and period contexts in an instance document.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        
        

      










        
        
        


        

 INC.
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        

         2012
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 then the document is an amendment to previously-filed/accepted document.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 the first fiscal quarter should be given as the fiscal period focus. Values: FY
 Q1
 Q2
 Q3
 Q4
 H1
 H2
 M9
 T1
 T2
 T3
 M8
 CY.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word Other.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 (2) Accelerated Filer
 (3) Non-accelerated Filer
 (4) Smaller Reporting Company (Non-accelerated) or (5) Smaller Reporting Accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter. The public float should be reported on the cover page of the registrants form 10K.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

   
   


   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
(Unaudited
 in thousands)
   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   





For the period ended December&#160;29
 2012

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   

   

   
   
444
826
   
   
   
436
661
   
   
   
470
947
   
   
   
503
620
   



   

   
   
79
401
   
   
   
73
565
   
   
   
75
358
   
   
   
83
229
   

   

   

   
   
9
352
   
   
   
(1
706
   
   
   
8
740
   
   
   
13
708
   



For the period ended December&#160;31
 2011

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   

   

   
   
417
101
   
   
   
420
019
   
   
   
459
487
   
   
   
469
981
   



   

   
   
72
613
   
   
   
58
082
   
   
   
66
020
   
   
   
76
298
   

   

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
(5
166
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
19
320
   



   

   
   
Impacted by the jury award in the National Pasteurized Eggs
 Inc. trial (see Note G). 



   
   
Impacted by the costs associated with our February 2011 amended and restated credit agreement and the registration of the 9.75% senior notes with the Securities and
   Exchange Commission. 







        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including revenues
 gross profit
 income or loss before extraordinary items and earnings per share data. It also includes an indication if the information in the note is unaudited
 comments on the aggregate effect of year-end adjustments
 and an explanation of matters or transactions that affect comparability or are pertinent to an understanding of the information furnished.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 23
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        
        
        

      


 2011

          



 2012

          



 2011

          



 2010

          



        

306

856
054

766
588

995


        

832

544
501

493
575

748


        

474

553

013

247


Selling
 general and administrative expenses

085

164

853

283


        
        
        
        

730


        

389

389

160

234


Interest expense
 net

871

356

140

985


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        

527

238


        

256

473

103

989)


        
        

524
        

765)


        
        

855
        
        


        

277

094

289

283)


        
        
        
        
        


Change in fair value of derivatives
 net of tax

092

413)
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        

856

204)

057)
        


        

133

890

232

909)




        
          

        
          
            

 legal
 accounting
 valuation
 and other professional or consulting fees; general administrative costs
 including the costs of maintaining an internal acquisitions department; and may include costs of registering and issuing debt and equity securities.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but excludes any and all transactions which are directly or indirectly attributable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which is therefore an adjustment to reconcile income (loss) from continuing operations to net cash provided by or used in continuing operations. Excludes foreign currency transactions designated as hedges of net investment in a foreign entity and intercompany foreign currency transactions that are of a long-term nature
 when the entities to the transaction are consolidated
 combined
 or accounted for by the equity method in the reporting entity's financial statements. For certain entities
 primarily banks
 that are dealers in foreign exchange
 foreign currency transaction gains (losses) may be disclosed as dealer gains (losses).
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 20
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 income taxes
 extraordinary items
 and noncontrolling interest.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -Subparagraph a
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
 -Paragraph 10
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 28
 29
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 when the entities to the transaction are consolidated
 combined
 or accounted for by the equity method in the reporting enterprise's financial statements; and gain (loss) on a derivative instrument or nonderivative financial instrument that may give rise to a foreign currency transaction gain (loss) that has been designated and qualified as a hedging instrument for hedging of the foreign currency exposure of a net investment in a foreign operation.
              
 -Subparagraph (b
c)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in the normal course of business
 reduced by sales returns and allowances
 and sales discounts.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as well as all other general and administrative expenses. Direct selling expenses (for example
 credit
 warranty
 and advertising) are expenses that can be directly linked to the sale of specific products. Indirect selling expenses are expenses that cannot be directly linked to the sale of specific products
 for example telephone expenses
 Internet
 and postal charges. General and administrative expenses include salaries of non-sales personnel
 rent
 utilities
 communication
 etc.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

   
Pursuant to a Management Agreement with Goldman
 Sachs&#160;&#038; Co. and THL Managers V
 LLC
 (together
 the
   &#8220;managers&#8221;) we pay the managers an annual fee of the greater of $2.25 million or 1.0% of consolidated earnings before interest
 taxes
 depreciation and amortization
 whichever is greater. The Predecessor had a similar agreement with THL
   Managers V
 LLC. The management fees were approximately $2.4 million
 $2.3 million
 $1.1 million and $1.1 million in the years ended December&#160;29
 2012 and December&#160;31
 2011 and the six-month periods ended January&#160;1
 2011 and
   June&#160;26
 2010 and were included in selling
 general and administrative expenses. 
On June&#160;29
 2010
 MFI Holding paid
   the managers a one-time transaction fee in connection with the merger in an aggregate amount equal to $16.75 million. This fee consisted of Predecessor transaction costs
 debt financing costs and buyer-related transaction costs. We will also pay to
   the managers a 1% transaction fee (based on the total value of the transaction) in connection with certain transactions during the term of the Management Agreement
 including acquisitions
 sales or dispositions of assets or equity interests or
   similar transactions involving the Company or any of its subsidiaries. 





        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

   
Employees who meet certain service requirements are eligible to participate in a defined contribution retirement plan.
   We match up to 4% of each participant&#8217;s eligible compensation. Our matching contributions were $3.4 million
 $3.4 million
 $1.8 million and $1.6 million in the years ended December&#160;29
 2012 and December&#160;31
 2011 and the six-month
   periods ended January&#160;1
 2011 and June&#160;26
 2010. 
We also contribute to one union-defined contribution retirement
   plan which totaled $40
000
 $31
000
 $21
000 and $19
000 for the years ended December&#160;29
 2012 and December&#160;31
 2011 and the six-month periods ended January&#160;1
 2011 and June&#160;26
 2010. 





        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 7
 21
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 20
 21
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 5
 6
 7
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        



   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
December&#160;29

   
   
December&#160;31

   
   
January&#160;1

   
   
June&#160;26

   





   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   

   

   
   
35
920
   
   
   
6
180
   
   
   
9
375
   
   
   
   
   



   

   
   
3
579
   
   
   
2
447
   
   
   
1
177
   
   
   
1
129
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   

   
   
   
   
39
499
   
   
   
8
627
   
   
   
10
552
   
   
   
1
129
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   



   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   

   

   
   
(24
157
   
   
   
1
715
   
   
   
(10
026
   
   
   
(14
268
   



   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   

   

   
   
(2
855
   
   
   
(11
047
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   


   
   
   
(26
975
   
   
   
(9
342
   
   
   
(10
801
   
   
   
(14
894
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   

   
   
   
   
12
524
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
(13
765
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   






        
        



   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
December&#160;29

   
   
December&#160;31

   





   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   

   

   
   
(7
417
   
   
   
(6
974
   



   

   
   
1
957
   
   
   
   
   

   

Other
 primarily accrued expenses

   
   
13
265
   
   
   
8
501
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   



Total gross deferred income taxes
 current

   
   
7
805
   
   
   
   
   

   

   

   
   
(1
761
   
   
   
   
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   



   

   
   
6
044
   
   
   
   
   

   

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   



   

   
   
(41
979
   
   
   
(51
784
   

   

   

   
   
(162
420
   
   
   
(174
271
   



   

   
   
(39
969
   
   
   
(40
041
   

   

   

   
   
(1
370
   
   
   
(1
131
   



   

   
   
2
179
   
   
   
1
766
   

   

   

   
   
(9
153
   
   
   
(11
681
   



   

   
   
5
026
   
   
   
5
451
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   

   

Total gross deferred income taxes
 non-current

   
   
(247
686
   
   
   
(271
691
   



   

   
   
(5
509
   
   
   
(4
773
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   

   

   

   
   
(253
195
   
   
   
(276
464
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   



   

   
   
(247
151
   
   
   
(275
819
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   






        
        



   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
December&#160;29

   
   
December&#160;31

   
   
January&#160;1

   
   
June&#160;26

   





   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   

State taxes
 net of federal impact

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   



   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   



   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   



   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   






        
        



   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
December&#160;29

   
   
December&#160;31

   
   
January&#160;1

   
   
June&#160;26

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   





   

   
   
4
121
   
   
   
3
791
   
   
   
4
873
   
   
   
3
198
   

   

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   



   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
1
675
   



   

   
   
(1
792
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   



   

   
   
2
079
   
   
   
4
121
   
   
   
3
791
   
   
   
4
873
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but not limited to: current tax expense (benefit)
 deferred tax expense (benefit)
 investment tax credits
 government grants
 the benefits of operating loss carryforwards
 tax expense that results from allocating certain tax benefits either directly to contributed capital or to reduce goodwill or other noncurrent intangible assets of an acquired entity
 adjustments of a deferred tax liability or asset for enacted changes in tax laws or rates or a change in the tax status of the entity
 and adjustments of the beginning-of-the-year balances of a valuation allowance because of a change in circumstances that causes a change in judgment about the realizability of the related deferred tax asset in future years.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities
 the total of all deferred tax assets
 the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        



   
   
   
MICHAEL FOODS GROUP
 INC. 
   
   
   
   


   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   





   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   



June&#160;26
 2010

   
   
2
210
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
2
159
   

   

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   



January&#160;1
 2011

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   

December&#160;31
 2011

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   



December&#160;29
 2012

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
1
139
   








        
          

        
          
            

 as well as a reconciliation by type of activity during the period). Alternatively
 disclosure of the required information may be within the footnotes to the financial statements or a supplemental schedule to the financial statements.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

   
   
   
   MFI Holding adopted the MFI Holding Corporation Equity Incentive Plan (the &#8220;Plan&#8221;) to (a)&#160;assist the Company and its affiliated companies in recruiting and retaining employees
 directors
   and consultants; (b)&#160;provide employees
 directors and consultants with an incentive for productivity; and (c)&#160;provide employees
 directors and consultants with an opportunity to share in the growth and value of the company. The maximum
   number of shares that may be subject to the Plan is 71
065. Under the form of option agreement used under the Plan
 the term of the options commences on the date of grant and expires on the tenth anniversary of the date of grant unless earlier
   terminated or cancelled. The exercise price per share purchasable under each option will be determined by the Compensation Committee of the MFI Holding Board of Directors; provided
 however
 that such exercise price shall not be less than the fair
   market value of the share on the date such option is granted. The Plan includes non-qualified time-vesting and performance-vesting options. The options and accrued stock compensation associated with the options is classified as equity and is being
   expensed during the requisite service periods. We recorded stock-based compensation expense of $2
121
000
 $1
947
000 and $1
042
000 for the years ended December&#160;29
 2012 and December&#160;31
 2011 and six months ended January&#160;1
 2011
   respectively. As of December&#160;29
 2012
 the total compensation cost for nonvested awards not yet recognized in our statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss) was approximately $5.7 million. This amount will be expensed over the
   balance of the vesting periods
 approximately 2.69 years. 
   
On December&#160;18
   2012
 MFI Holding paid its shareholders a $321 million dividend. The Plan provisions require that in the event of a dividend
 an appropriate adjustment will be determined to the number of outstanding option shares granted or their exercise prices in
   order to prevent dilution. Concurrent with the MFI Holding dividend payment
 our compensation committee adopted a resolution that reduced the exercise prices of 44
173.35 performance-vesting stock options and 18
107.79 time-vesting stock options by
   the amount of the dividend per share. The required adjustment due to the dividend did not affect the fair value of the options outstanding and no incremental stock-based compensation was recorded. 
The weighted-average grant-date fair value of time-vesting Class&#160;A options granted in 2012
 2011 and 2010 under the Plan was
   $659.84
 $745.90 and $585.82
 respectively. The fair value of shares vesting in 2012 and 2011 was $2.1 million and $2.1 million; no shares vested in 2010. The weighted-average grant-date fair value of options under the Plan was determined by using
   the fair value of each option grant on the date of grant
 utilizing the Black-Scholes option-pricing model and the following key assumptions: 
   


   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   





   

   
   
   
   
   
   

   

   

   
   
   
   
   
   



   

   
   
   
   
   
   

   

   

   
   
   
   
   
   



The time-vesting options (Class A) have a service condition and vest 20% on the anniversary date of the grant each year
   for five years
 commencing on the first anniversary date of the grant. They also include a performance condition which is triggered upon the occurrence of a change in control
 at which time the option shall
 to the extent not then vested
   automatically become fully vested and exercisable. Vested options may be exercised in whole or in part at any time and from time to time during the term by giving written notice of exercise. Upon exercise and execution of a Stockholders Agreement
   between MFI Holding and the grantee
 shares will be issued to the grantee. In certain instances
 agreed to by the Compensation Committee of the MFI Holding Board of Directors
 payment for exercise and applicable withholding may be made with shares
   (issued or to be issued as part of the exercise)
 and such shares to be valued at the fair market value on the date of such exercise. All shares received pursuant to time-vesting nonqualified stock option exercises will be subject to the
   Company&#8217;s Stockholders Agreement
 which grants the Company a call right with respect to such shares in the event of termination of the holder&#8217;s employment. 
   
   The performance-vesting awards include three classes of options (referred to as Class B
 C and D options) each granted at differing option strike prices. Each class of performance-vesting options
 at the
   classes&#8217; corresponding option strike price
 is treated as if it were a separate option
 each which may be exercised individually. The performance-vesting options become vested and exercisable with respect to option shares only upon the
   consummation of a liquidity event as defined in the Plan. A liquidity event will be deemed to have occurred when the existing owner group sells all of the equity securities of the company or has achieved a defined return on investment. For purposes
   of determining whether a liquidity event has occurred
 the applicable return on initial investment (&#8220;ROI&#8221;) threshold is a minimum return of two times. The performance-vesting options are forfeited upon termination of employment. Based upon
   the performance conditions (liquidity event
 as defined and ROI threshold of two times) for vesting of the performance-vesting options
 the conditions will not be satisfied for class B
 C or D options to become vested until a liquidity event is
   initiated. We expect all outstanding options to vest at that time. Therefore
 we have not recorded compensation cost for performance-vesting options and we will reassess the probability of meeting the performance conditions quarterly or as business
   circumstances suggest that a liquidity event is likely. 
   
Information regarding
   outstanding stock options follows: 
   


   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   





Outstanding at December&#160;31
 2011

   
   
17
890
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
24
178
   
   
   
2
872.87
   
   
   
11
072
   
   
   
4
358.86
   
   
   
8
923
   
   
   
5
349.52
   

   

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   



   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   


   
   

   


   

   
   
   
   
   
   

   


   

   
   
   
   
   
   

   


   

   
   
   
   
   
   

   


   

   
   
   
   
   



Outstanding at December&#160;29
 2012

   
   
18
108
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
24
178
   
   
   
2
872.87
   
   
   
11
072
   
   
   
4
358.86
   
   
   
8
923
   
   
   
5
349.52
   


   
   

   


   

   
   
   
   
   
   

   


   

   
   
   
   
   
   

   


   

   
   
   
   
   
   

   


   

   
   
   
   
   

   

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   


   
   

   


   

   
   
   
   
   
   

   


   

   
   
   
   
   
   

   


   

   
   
   
   
   
   

   


   

   
   
   
   
   



   

   
   
18
108
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
24
178
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
11
072
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
8
923
   
   
   
   
   


   
   

   


   

   
   
   
   
   
   

   


   

   
   
   
   
   
   

   


   

   
   
   
   
   
   

   


   

   
   
   
   
   

   

Exercisable at December&#160;29
 2012

   
   
6
950
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   


   
   

   


   

   
   
   
   
   
   

   


   

   
   
   
   
   
   

   


   

   
   
   
   
   
   

   


   

   
   
   
   
   



   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   


   
   

   


   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   



   

   
   
   







        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may include disclosure of policies
 compensation plan details
 allocation of equity compensation
 incentive distributions
 equity-based arrangements to obtain goods and services
 deferred compensation arrangements
 employee stock ownership plan details and employee stock purchase plan details.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 64
 65
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        



          

        


        
        


Outstanding
 Beginning

890


Outstanding
 Granted
        


Outstanding
 Exercised
        


Outstanding
 Forfeited
        


Outstanding
 Ending

108


Outstanding
 Exercisable

950


Outstanding
 Weighted average exercise price
 Beginning
        


Outstanding
 Granted
 Weighted-average Exercise Price
        


Outstanding
 Forfeited
 Weighted-average Exercise Price
        


Outstanding
 Weighted average exercise price
 Ending
        


Outstanding
 Weighted average exercise price
 Exercisable
        


        
        


Outstanding
 Options vested and expected to vest

108


Outstanding
 Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Options vested and expected to vest
        



          

        


        
        


Outstanding
 Beginning

178


Outstanding
 Granted
        


Outstanding
 Exercised
        


Outstanding
 Forfeited
        


Outstanding
 Ending

178


Outstanding
 Exercisable
        


Outstanding
 Weighted average exercise price
 Beginning

872.87


Outstanding
 Weighted average exercise price
 Ending

872.87


        
        


Outstanding
 Options vested and expected to vest

178



          

        


        
        


Outstanding
 Beginning

072


Outstanding
 Granted
        


Outstanding
 Exercised
        


Outstanding
 Forfeited
        


Outstanding
 Ending

072


Outstanding
 Exercisable
        


Outstanding
 Weighted average exercise price
 Beginning

358.86


Outstanding
 Weighted average exercise price
 Ending

358.86


        
        


Outstanding
 Options vested and expected to vest

072



          

        


        
        


Outstanding
 Beginning

923


Outstanding
 Granted
        


Outstanding
 Exercised
        


Outstanding
 Forfeited
        


Outstanding
 Ending

923


Outstanding
 Exercisable
        


Outstanding
 Weighted average exercise price
 Beginning

349.52


Outstanding
 Weighted average exercise price
 Ending

349.52


        
        


Outstanding
 Options vested and expected to vest

923




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph b(1)(c)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including vested options.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the number of shares into which fully vested and expected to vest stock options outstanding can be converted under the option plan.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the weighted-average exercise price for outstanding stock options that are fully vested or expected to vest.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28
 -Paragraph 29
 30
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

   
   
   
   Our corporate offices and several of our manufacturing facilities are leased under operating leases expiring at various times through February 2024. The leases provide that real estate taxes
 insurance
   and maintenance expenses are our obligations. In addition
 we lease some of our transportation equipment under operating leases. 
   
   Rent expense
 including real estate taxes and maintenance expenses
 was approximately $7.2 million
 $8.8 million
 $4.5 million
 and $4.5 million for the years ended December&#160;29
 2012 and
   December&#160;31
 2011 and the six-month periods ended January&#160;1
 2011 and June&#160;26
 2010. 
   
The following is a
   schedule of minimum rental commitments for base rent for the years ending (in thousands): 
   


   
   
   
   
   
   





   

   
   
 5
686
   

   

   

   
   
5
013
   



   

   
   
4
792
   

   

   

   
   
4
286
   



   

   
   
3
498
   

   

   

   
   
16
864
   



   
   
   In addition to the debt guarantees described in Note C
 we have guaranteed the repayment of two industrial revenue bonds used for the expansion of two wastewater treatment facilities in a Minnesota
   municipality and an Iowa municipality where we have manufacturing facilities. The repayment of these bonds is funded through the wastewater treatment charges paid by us. However
 should those charges not be sufficient to pay the bond payments as
   they become due
 we have agreed to pay any shortfall. At December&#160;29
 2012
 the principal balance of these two guaranteed industrial revenue bonds was approximately $1.8 million. 
   
   
We have entered into substantial purchase
   obligations to fulfill our egg and potato requirements. We maintain long-term egg procurement contracts with numerous cooperatives and egg producers throughout the Midwestern and Eastern United States and Canada
 which supply approximately 57% of
   our annual external egg requirements. Most of these contracts vary in length from 18 to 120 months. The egg prices are primarily indexed to grain or Urner Barry market indices. Two egg suppliers each provide more than 10% of our annual egg
   requirements. Based upon the best estimates available to us for grain and egg prices
 we project our purchases from our top five contracted egg suppliers under existing contracts will approximate $336.3 million in 2013
 $258.1 million in 2014
   $251.5 million in 2015
 $222.5 million in 2016
 and $222.7 million in 2017. The 2013 amount represents approximately 42% of our anticipated total egg requirements for the year. In addition
 we have contracts to purchase potatoes that expire in 2013.
   These contracts will supply approximately 53% of the Refrigerated Potato Products Division&#8217;s raw potato needs in 2013. One potato supplier is expected to provide approximately 28% of our 2013 potato requirements. We purchase our cheese from
   numerous vendors on the open market at prevailing market prices. 
   
: In late 2008 and early 2009
 some 22 class-action lawsuits were filed in various federal courts against Michael
   Foods
 Inc. and approximately 20 other defendants (producers of shell eggs
 manufacturers of processed egg products
 and egg industry organizations)
 alleging violations of federal and state antitrust laws in connection with the production and sale
   of shell eggs and processed-egg products
 and seeking unspecified damages. Plaintiffs seek to represent nationwide classes of direct and indirect purchasers
 and allege that defendants conspired to reduce the supply of eggs by participating in
   animal husbandry
 egg-export and other programs of various egg-industry associations. In December 2008
 the Judicial Panel on Multidistrict Litigation ordered the transfer of all cases to the Eastern District of Pennsylvania for coordinated and/or
   consolidated pretrial proceedings. Between late 2010 and early 2012
 a number of companies
 each of which would be part of the purported class in the antitrust action
 brought separate actions against defendants. These &#8220;tag-along&#8221; cases
   brought primarily by various grocery chains and food companies
 assert essentially the same allegations as the Second Consolidated Amended Complaint in the main action. All but one of the tag-along cases were either filed in or transferred to the
   Eastern District of Pennsylvania where they are being treated as related to the main action; the one tag-along case where pretrial proceedings are not under the jurisdiction of the Eastern District of Pennsylvania was brought by a retail grocery
   chain in Kansas state court. Discovery is underway in these matters. 
We received a Civil Investigative Demand
   (&#8220;CID&#8221;) issued by the Florida Attorney General on November&#160;17
 2008
 regarding an investigation of possible anticompetitive activities &#8220;relating to the production and sale of eggs or egg products.&#8221; The CID requested
   information and documents related to the pricing and supply of shell eggs and egg products
 as well as our participation in various programs of United Egg Producers. We have fully cooperated with the Florida Attorney General&#8217;s Office to date.
   Further compliance was suspended pending discovery in the civil antitrust litigation referenced above. 
Patent infringement
   litigation
 2010
 National Pasteurized Eggs
 Inc. and National Pasteurized Eggs
 LLC (collectively &#8220;NPE&#8221;) commenced litigation against Michael Foods
 Inc. and several of its subsidiaries in U.S. District Court for
   the Western District of Wisconsin. NPE alleged that our pasteurized shell eggs infringe on patents and trademarks that NPE owns or licenses. On April&#160;15
 2011
 Michael Foods
 Inc. commenced litigation against National Pasteurized Eggs
 Inc. in
   U.S. District Court for the District of Minnesota
 alleging that National Pasteurized Eggs
 Inc.&#8217;s production and sale of pasteurized shell eggs infringed three patents exclusively licensed to Michael Foods
 Inc. The cases were consolidated before the U.S. District Court for the Western District of Wisconsin. A jury
   trial took place in June
 2012; the jury returned a verdict of patent infringement against Michael Foods and awarded $5.8 million in damages. The verdict does not affect Michael Foods&#8217; ability to continue producing pasteurized shell eggs
 but
   in response to the jury verdict
 we returned to process parameters that were in place prior to April
 2010. Several post-trial motions are pending before the trial court
 including a motion for reduction of the damages award. In June 2012
 we
   recorded a liability of $5.8 million for the damages award; it is included in &#8220;other current liabilities&#8221; and &#8220;selling
 general and administrative expenses.&#8221; 
 On January&#160;28
 2010
 our subsidiary Papetti&#8217;s Hygrade Egg
   Products
 Inc. commenced suit in New Jersey Superior Court against the City of Elizabeth
 N.J. and Liberty Water Company. The suit alleges that City sewer charges
 which are billed by Liberty Water
 are arbitrary and inequitable. Papetti&#8217;s
   seeks a declaration that its sewer bills have been inaccurate at least since 2002
 and seeks invalidation of certain sewer-related charges and surcharges. In responding to the suit
 the City of Elizabeth counterclaimed on May&#160;7
 2010 that
   Papetti&#8217;s &#8220;has not been charged the full and proper amount of sewage charges due to billing mistakes of Defendant Liberty Water Company
&#8221; but did not allege any undercharged amount. On June&#160;1
 2011
 Liberty Water gave notice of
   its belief that since 2004
 it underbilled Papetti&#8217;s by some $6.5 million. In November of 2011
 Liberty Water issued invoices totaling $6.2 million to Papetti&#8217;s in connection with the alleged underbilling. We have not recorded a liability
   for the alleged underbilling as we believe there is no merit in this claim. 
We do not believe it is possible to estimate any
   possible loss in connection with these litigated matters. Accordingly
 we cannot predict what impact
 if any
 these matters and any results from such matters could have on our future results of operations. 
 In addition
 we are from time to time party to litigation
 administrative proceedings and union grievances that arise in
   the ordinary course of business
 and occasionally pay non-material amounts to resolve claims and alleged violations of regulatory requirements. There are no pending &#8220;ordinary course&#8221; matters that
 separately or in the aggregate
 would
 in
   the opinion of management
 have a material adverse effect on our operations
 financial condition or cash flow. 





        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 9
 10
 11
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

   
   
   
   At December&#160;29
 2012 and December&#160;31
 2011
 we had 5
000 shares of common stock authorized and 100 shares issued and outstanding with a $0.01 par value. All common shares were issued to Midco
 a
   wholly owned subsidiary of Michael Foods Holding
 Inc.
 which is a wholly owned subsidiary of MFI Holding. 
Additional Paid In Capital
   
We recorded a non-cash capital investment from our parent of $292
000 in the year ended December&#160;29
 2012 related to
   the tax benefit the Company receives on Midco&#8217;s tax amortization deduction due to filing a consolidated federal tax return. 
Dividend
   
On December&#160;18
 2012
 the Company used cash from operations to pay a $54 million cash dividend to its parent
 Midco
   which paid a dividend to its parent Michael Foods Holding
 Inc. 





        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 comprised of portions attributable to the parent entity and noncontrolling interest
 if any
 including other comprehensive income (as applicable).  Including
 but not limited to: (1) balances of common stock
 preferred stock
 additional paid-in capital
 other capital and retained earnings; (2) accumulated balance for each classification of other comprehensive income and total amount of comprehensive income; (3) amount and nature of changes in separate accounts
 including the number of shares authorized and outstanding
 number of shares issued upon exercise and conversion
 and for other comprehensive income
 the adjustments for reclassifications to net income; (4) rights and privileges of each class of stock authorized; (5) basis of treasury stock
 if other than cost
 and amounts paid and accounting treatment for treasury stock purchased significantly in excess of market; (6) dividends paid or payable per share and in the aggregate for each class of stock for each period presented; (7) dividend restrictions and accumulated preferred dividends in arrears (in aggregate and per share amount); (8) retained earnings appropriations or restrictions
 such as dividend restrictions; (9) impact of change in accounting principle
 initial adoption of new accounting principle and correction of an error in previously issued financial statements; (10) shares held in trust for Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP); (11) deferred compensation related to issuance of capital stock; (12) note received for issuance of stock; (13) unamortized discount on shares; (14) description
 terms
 and number of warrants or rights outstanding; (15) shares under subscription and subscription receivables
 effective date of new retained earnings after quasi-reorganization and deficit eliminated by quasi-reorganization and
 for a period of at least ten years after the effective date
 the point in time from which the new retained dates; and (16) retroactive effective of subsequent change in capital structure.
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 -Paragraph 7
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(d)
(e))
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

   
Beginning January&#160;1
 2012
 we changed our internal reporting of segment information reported to our President and
   Chief Executive Officer who is our Chief Operating Decision Maker (&#8220;CODM&#8221;). We now report all sales of shell egg and egg products and refrigerated potato products in their respective segments and the balance of our retail distributed
   products
 cheese and other dairy-case products
 as our third segment. This change increased the amount of external net sales and operating profit reported for prior periods for both the egg products and refrigerated potato products segments as we
   reclassified the egg and refrigerated potato products previously reported under the cheese &#038; other dairy-case products segment. All periods presented have been restated to reflect the new internal reporting to the CODM. This change had no impact
   on the assets of the segments as none of the underlying business unit operations were affected by this reporting change. 
With
   the exception of the reclassification change noted above
 our business activities are consistent with those of our Predecessor and continue to be organized around three business segments as follows: 
Egg Products processes and distributes numerous egg products and shell eggs primarily through its facilities in the Midwest and Eastern
   United States and Canada. Sales of egg products are made through an internal sales force and independent brokers to the foodservice
 food ingredient and retail markets primarily throughout North America
 and to certain export markets. 
Refrigerated Potato Products processes and distributes refrigerated potato products from its manufacturing facilities in Minnesota and
   Nevada. Sales of potato products are made through an internal sales force and independent brokers to food service and retail markets throughout the United States. 
   
   Cheese&#160;&#038; Other Dairy-Case Products distributes a wide range of refrigerated grocery products
 including various cheese products packaged at its Wisconsin cheese packaging facility. Sales of
   refrigerated grocery products are made through an internal sales force and independent brokers to retail and wholesale markets throughout much of the United States. 
   
   Both internal and external reporting conforms to this organizational structure
 with no significant differences in accounting policies applied. We evaluate the performance of our business segments and
   allocated resources to them based primarily on operating profit
 defined as earnings before interest expense
 interest income
 income taxes and allocations of corporate costs to the respective divisions. Our corporate office maintains a majority of
   our cash under our cash management policy. See Note K for disclosure of our foreign operations represented in the Non-Guarantor Subsidiary column of the respective statements. 
   
We have the following
   concentrations in sales for major customers recorded in all three segments of our business: 
   


   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
December&#160;29

   
   
December&#160;31

   
   
January&#160;1

   
   
June&#160;26

   





   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   



   
   


   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   





   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   

Year ended December&#160;29
 2012

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   



   

   
   
1
315
705
   
   
   
153
481
   
   
   
386
868
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
1
856
054
   

   

   

   
   
118
335
   
   
   
23
126
   
   
   
17
116
   
   
   
(24
188
   
   
   
134
389
   



   

   
   
1
522
340
   
   
   
233
895
   
   
   
212
953
   
   
   
106
160
   
   
   
2
075
348
   

   

   

   
   
78
901
   
   
   
11
370
   
   
   
7
370
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
97
646
   



   

   
   
32
274
   
   
   
2
800
   
   
   
2
201
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
37
275
   

   

Year ended December&#160;31
 2011

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   



   

   
   
1
228
410
   
   
   
138
004
   
   
   
400
174
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
1
766
588
   

   

   

   
   
101
961
   
   
   
15
716
   
   
   
18
131
   
   
   
(19
648
   
   
   
116
160
   



   

   
   
1
545
678
   
   
   
239
535
   
   
   
225
728
   
   
   
129
915
   
   
   
2
140
856
   

   

   

   
   
78
443
   
   
   
11
048
   
   
   
7
748
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
97
246
   



   

   
   
42
589
   
   
   
1
483
   
   
   
1
158
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
45
230
   

   

Six months ended January&#160;1
 2011

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   



   

   
   
586
860
   
   
   
71
119
   
   
   
200
327
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
858
306
   

   

   

   
   
49
610
   
   
   
4
399
   
   
   
7
072
   
   
   
(5
692
   
   
   
55
389
   



   

   
   
1
568
733
   
   
   
248
938
   
   
   
209
619
   
   
   
136
808
   
   
   
2
164
098
   

   

   

   
   
40
221
   
   
   
5
511
   
   
   
4
027
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
49
762
   



   

   
   
16
843
   
   
   
3
087
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
20
541
   

   

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   



Six months ended June&#160;26
 2010

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   

   

   
   
527
571
   
   
   
62
358
   
   
   
154
066
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
743
995
   



   

   
   
64
854
   
   
   
(6
492
   
   
   
11
139
   
   
   
(55
267
   
   
   
14
234
   

   

   

   
   
936
738
   
   
   
168
980
   
   
   
109
891
   
   
   
119
672
   
   
   
1
335
281
   



   

   
   
23
082
   
   
   
10
633
   
   
   
2
292
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
36
009
   

   

   

   
   
12
286
   
   
   
9
638
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
22
354
   



   





        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including sales to external customers and intersegment sales or transfers is 10 percent or more of the combined revenue
 internal and external
 of all operating segments b) the absolute amount of its reported profit or loss is 10 percent or more of the greater
 in absolute amount of 1) the combined reported profit of all operating segments that did not report a loss or 2) the combined reported loss of all operating segments that did report a loss c) its assets are 10 percent or more of the combined assets of all operating segments.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      


 2012

          



        
        


        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

      


































 2010

          



 2010



          



 2010



          



 2010



          



 2010



          



 2011

          



 2012

          



 2011

          



 2011



          



 2012



          



 2011



          



 2011



          



 2012



          



 2011



          



 2011



          



 2012



          



 2011



          



 2011



          



 2012



          



 2011



          



        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

620

947

661

826

981

487

019

101

995
        

649

352

006)

306

856
054

766
588
        
        
        

307

812
713

725
862

025

047

265

026)

706)

539)


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

748
        

789

965

006)

832

544
501

493
575
        
        
        

103

500
668

455
349

755

539

765

026)

706)

539)


        

229

358

565

401

298

020

082

613

247
        

860

387
        

474

553

013
        
        
        

204

045

513

270
        

500
        
        
        


Selling
 general and administrative expenses
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

283
        

650

633
        

085

164

853
        
        

111

437

117

869

648

823

873
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

730
        

730
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

234
        

480
        
        

389

389

160
        
        

111)

767

928

644
        

315)
        
        
        
        


Interest expense
 net
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

985

533

654
        
        

871

356

140

315

827

028
        

010

624
        

519

488
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

238

388

850
        
        
        
        

527
        
        

527
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

989)

921)

024)
        
        

256

473

103

315)

051)

666)

780

358

630

209)

834)

861)
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

987)
        
        

956
        
        
        

857

224

668

149)

871)

851)
        
        
        

078)

353)

817)


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

765)

625)

065)
        
        
        

524
        

735)

921)

287)

546

408

582
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

855
        
        
        
        
        

855
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

708

740

706)

352

320
        

166)
        

283)

283)

987)
        

956

277

094

289

277

094

289

857

224

668

149)

871)

851)

708)

353)

817)


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

909)

283)

532)
        

956

133

890

232

277

094

289

806

176

681

242)

027)

921)

708)

353)

817)




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 legal
 accounting
 valuation
 and other professional or consulting fees; general administrative costs
 including the costs of maintaining an internal acquisitions department; and may include costs of registering and issuing debt and equity securities.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but excludes any and all transactions which are directly or indirectly attributable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which is therefore an adjustment to reconcile income (loss) from continuing operations to net cash provided by or used in continuing operations. Excludes foreign currency transactions designated as hedges of net investment in a foreign entity and intercompany foreign currency transactions that are of a long-term nature
 when the entities to the transaction are consolidated
 combined
 or accounted for by the equity method in the reporting entity's financial statements. For certain entities
 primarily banks
 that are dealers in foreign exchange
 foreign currency transaction gains (losses) may be disclosed as dealer gains (losses).
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 20
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 income taxes
 extraordinary items
 and noncontrolling interest.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -Subparagraph a
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
 -Paragraph 10
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 28
 29
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in the normal course of business
 reduced by sales returns and allowances
 and sales discounts.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as well as all other general and administrative expenses. Direct selling expenses (for example
 credit
 warranty
 and advertising) are expenses that can be directly linked to the sale of specific products. Indirect selling expenses are expenses that cannot be directly linked to the sale of specific products
 for example telephone expenses
 Internet
 and postal charges. General and administrative expenses include salaries of non-sales personnel
 rent
 utilities
 communication
 etc.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

      










 2011

          



 2012

          



 2011

          



 2010

          



 2011



          



 2012



          



 2011



          



 2010



          



 2011



          



 2012



          



 2011



          



 2010



          



 2011



          



 2012



          



 2011



          



 2010



          



 2011



          



 2012



          



 2011



          



 2010



          



        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        

306

856
054

766
588

995

860

315
705

228
410

571

119

481

004

358

327

868

174

066
        
        
        
        


        
        
        

389

389

160

234

610

335

961

854

399

126

716

492)

072

116

131

139

692)

188)

648)

267)


        

075
348

140
856

164
098

075
348

140
856

335
281

568
733

522
340

545
678

738

938

895

535

980

619

953

728

891

808

160

915

672


        
        
        

762

646

246

009

221

901

443

082

511

370

048

633

027

370

748

292
        
        
        
        


        
        
        

541

275

230

354

843

274

589

286

087

800

483

638
        

201

158
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets not used in production
 and which are not intended for resale
 to allocate or recognize the cost of such assets over their useful lives; or to record the reduction in book value of an intangible asset over the benefit period of such asset; or to reflect consumption during the period of an asset that is not used in production.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale; includes cash outflows to pay for construction of self-constructed assets.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 even if not included in that measure of segment profit or loss.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified












          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        

788


        

812)
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        

872)

500)




        
          

        
          
            

 presented on a gross basis even when the derivative instrument is subject to master netting arrangements and qualifies for net presentation in the statement of financial position.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Subparagraph (a)
(c)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 presented on a gross basis even when the derivative instrument is subject to master netting arrangements and qualifies for net presentation in the statement of financial position.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Subparagraph (a)
(c)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        
        
        

      


 2011

          



 2012

          



 2011

          



 2010

          



        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


State taxes
 net of federal impact
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


Effective Income Tax Rate
 Continuing Operations
 Total
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or differences in the methodologies used to determine expense amounts for financial statements prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
 not otherwise listed in the existing taxonomy.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of the federal tax benefit (expense) thereon
 recorded during the period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        



   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
December&#160;29

   
   
December&#160;31

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   





   

   
   
28
989
   
   
   
25
488
   

   

   

   
   
88
353
   
   
   
99
605
   



   

   
   
35
829
   
   
   
33
429
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   

   
   
   
   
153
171
   
   
   
158
522
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   






        
        



   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
December&#160;29

   
   
December&#160;31

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   





   

   
   
6
500
   
   
   
   
   

   

   

   
   
2
372
   
   
   
6
500
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   



   

   
   
8
872
   
   
   
6
500
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   






        
        



   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
Fair Value Measurements As of December 29
 2012
   





   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   



   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   

   

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   



   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   

   

   
   
1
607
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
1
607
   
   
   
   
   



   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   

   

   
   
8
872
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
8
872
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   



   

   
   
10
595
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
1
723
   
   
   
8
872
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   

   
   
   

   
   
   
Fair Value Measurements As of December 31
 2011
   



   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   

   

   
   
2
906
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
2
906
   
   
   
   
   



   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   

   

   

   
   
2
906
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
2
906
   
   
   
   
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   



   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   



   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   

   

   
   
6
500
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
6
500
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   



   

   
   
7
118
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
6
500
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   






        
        



   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
December&#160;29

   
   
December&#160;31

   
   
December&#160;29

   
   
December&#160;31

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   





   

   
   
3
060
   
   
   
6
375
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   






        
        



   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
   
   
December&#160;29
&#160;2012
   
   
December&#160;31
 2011
   

   
   
   

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   





   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   

   

   

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
(1
812
   
   
   
3
788
   
   
   
   
   


   
   
   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   



   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   

   

   

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   


   
   
   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   



   

   

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
(8
872
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
(6
500
   


   
   
   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   






        
        



   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
   
   
   

   

   

   
   
   
   
   
   

from
   AOCI

   
   
   
   

Gain
   (Loss)

   
   
   





   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
For the year ended December 29
 2012
   



   

   
   
&#160;(1
200
   
   
   
   
   
1
213
   
   
   
   
   
   
   


   
   

   


   

   
   
   
   

   


   

   
   
   
   

   


   

   

   
   
   

   
   
   
For the year ended December 31
 2011
   



   

   
   
 1
164
   
   
   
   
   
1
708
   
   
   
   
   
   
   


   
   

   


   

   
   
   
   

   


   

   
   
   
   

   


   

   

   
   
   

   
   
   
For the six months ended January 1
 2011
   



   

   
   
 1
806
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   


   
   

   


   

   
   
   
   

   


   

   
   
   
   

   


   

   

   
   
   

   
   
   
For the six months ended June 26
 2010
   



   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   


   
   

   


   

   
   
   
   

   


   

   
   
   
   

   


   

   






        
        



   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
Gain
   (Loss)
   
   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
   
December&#160;
   29

   
   
December&#160;
   31

   
   
January&#160;1

   
   
June&#160;26

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   





   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
(1
017
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   


   
   
   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   

   

   

   
   
   
   
(2
372
   
   
   
(6
500
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   


   
   
   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   






        
        



   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
Derivatives

   
   
   
   
   
   
   





   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   

Balance at January 2
 2010

   
   
   
   
   
   
3
855
   
   
   
4
295
   



   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   



Balance at June 26
 2010

   
   
   
   
   
   
4
005
   
   
   
3
669
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
   
   



   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   

Balance at June 27
 2010

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   



   

   
   
2
092
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
2
092
   

   

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   



Balance at January 1
 2011

   
   
1
756
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
1
520
   

   

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   



   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   

   

Balance at December 31
 2011

   
   
1
212
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   



   

   
   
(2
413
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
(2
413
   

   

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   



Balance at December 29
 2012

   
   
(1
201
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
(1
741
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   



   

   
   
The income tax expense (benefit) allocated to derivatives was $1
425
 $326 and ($1
255) for the years ended December 29
 2012 and December 31
 2011 and the six-month
   period ended January 1
 2011. The tax expense allocated to derivatives of the Predecessor was $466 for the six-month period ended June 26
 2010. 





        
        



   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   





Balance as of January 1
 2011

   
   
688
250
   
   
   
92
806
   
   
   
48
538
   
   
   
829
594
   

   

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   



   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   

   

Balance as of December&#160;31
 2011

   
   
688
339
   
   
   
92
882
   
   
   
48
625
   
   
   
829
846
   



   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   

   

Balance as of December&#160;29
 2012

   
   
688
510
   
   
   
92
882
   
   
   
48
625
   
   
   
830
017
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   






Schedule of intangible assets
 other than goodwill
        



   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
December&#160;29

   
   
December&#160;31

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   





Amortized intangible assets
 principally customer relationships

   
   
521
000
   
   
   
521
000
   

   

   

   
   
(77
592
   
   
   
(46
792
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   


   
   
   
443
408
   
   
   
474
208
   

   

Indefinite lived intangible assets
 trademarks

   
   
111
000
   
   
   
111
000
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   


   
   
   
554
408
   
   
   
585
208
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   






        
        



   
   
   
   
   
   





   

   
   
30
800
   

   

   

   
   
31
392
   



   

   
   
30
800
   

   

   

   
   
30
800
   



   

   
   
30
800
   






        
        



   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
December&#160;29

   
   
December&#160;31

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   





   

   
   
46
027
   
   
   
48
545
   

   

   

   
   
1
374
   
   
   
7
241
   



   

   
   
   
   
   
   
(1
845
   

   

   

   
   
(7
965
   
   
   
(7
914
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   


   
   
   
39
436
   
   
   
46
027
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including [financial] instruments measured at fair value that are classified in stockholders' equity
 if any
 that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis. The disclosures contemplated herein include the fair value measurements at the reporting date by the level within the fair value hierarchy in which the fair value measurements in their entirety fall
 segregating fair value measurements using quoted prices in active markets for identical assets (Level 1)
 significant other observable inputs (Level 2)
 and significant unobservable inputs (Level 3).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may be broken down by segment or major class.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including
 but not limited to
 the fair value of the derivatives
 statement of financial position location
 and statement of financial performance location of these instruments.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 goods
 commodities
 or supplies held for future sale or to be used in manufacturing
 servicing or production process.
              
 -Subparagraph a
b
c
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        



   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
December&#160;29

   
   
December&#160;31

   
   
January&#160;1

   
   
June&#160;26

   





   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   






        
        



   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   





   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   

Year ended December&#160;29
 2012

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   



   

   
   
1
315
705
   
   
   
153
481
   
   
   
386
868
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
1
856
054
   

   

   

   
   
118
335
   
   
   
23
126
   
   
   
17
116
   
   
   
(24
188
   
   
   
134
389
   



   

   
   
1
522
340
   
   
   
233
895
   
   
   
212
953
   
   
   
106
160
   
   
   
2
075
348
   

   

   

   
   
78
901
   
   
   
11
370
   
   
   
7
370
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
97
646
   



   

   
   
32
274
   
   
   
2
800
   
   
   
2
201
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
37
275
   

   

Year ended December&#160;31
 2011

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   



   

   
   
1
228
410
   
   
   
138
004
   
   
   
400
174
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
1
766
588
   

   

   

   
   
101
961
   
   
   
15
716
   
   
   
18
131
   
   
   
(19
648
   
   
   
116
160
   



   

   
   
1
545
678
   
   
   
239
535
   
   
   
225
728
   
   
   
129
915
   
   
   
2
140
856
   

   

   

   
   
78
443
   
   
   
11
048
   
   
   
7
748
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
97
246
   



   

   
   
42
589
   
   
   
1
483
   
   
   
1
158
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
45
230
   

   

Six months ended January&#160;1
 2011

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   



   

   
   
586
860
   
   
   
71
119
   
   
   
200
327
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
858
306
   

   

   

   
   
49
610
   
   
   
4
399
   
   
   
7
072
   
   
   
(5
692
   
   
   
55
389
   



   

   
   
1
568
733
   
   
   
248
938
   
   
   
209
619
   
   
   
136
808
   
   
   
2
164
098
   

   

   

   
   
40
221
   
   
   
5
511
   
   
   
4
027
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
49
762
   



   

   
   
16
843
   
   
   
3
087
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
20
541
   

   

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   



Six months ended June&#160;26
 2010

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   

   

   
   
527
571
   
   
   
62
358
   
   
   
154
066
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
743
995
   



   

   
   
64
854
   
   
   
(6
492
   
   
   
11
139
   
   
   
(55
267
   
   
   
14
234
   

   

   

   
   
936
738
   
   
   
168
980
   
   
   
109
891
   
   
   
119
672
   
   
   
1
335
281
   



   

   
   
23
082
   
   
   
10
633
   
   
   
2
292
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
36
009
   

   

   

   
   
12
286
   
   
   
9
638
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
22
354
   








        
          

        
          
            

 if revenues from transactions with a single external customer amount to 10 percent or more of entity revenues
 including the disclosure of that fact
 the total amount of revenues from each such customer
 and the identity of the reportable segment or segments reporting the revenues. The entity need not disclose the identity of a major customer or the amount of revenues that each segment reports from that customer. For these purposes
 a group of companies known to the entity to be under common control is considered a single customer
 and the federal government
 a state government
 a local government such as a county or municipality
 or a foreign government is each considered a single customer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 even if not included in that measure of segment profit or loss.
              
 -Paragraph 27
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        
        
        

      


 2011

          



 2012

          



 2011

          



 2010

          



        
        
        
        
        


        

375

920

180
        


        

177

579

447

129


Current Income Tax Expense 
 Total

552

499

627

129


        
        
        
        
        


        

026)

157)

715

268)


        
        
        
        
        


        
        

855)

047)
        


Deferred Income Tax Expense (Benefit)
 Total

801)

975)

342)

894)


Income Tax Expense (Benefit)
 Continuing Operations
 Total
        

524
        

765)




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 8
 16
 17
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 8
 16
 17
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -Subparagraph a
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        

      










        
        
        


        

027

545


        

374

241


        
        

845)


        

965)

914)


        

436

027




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 18
 19
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          


          


          




          




          




          




          


          




          




          




          




          



Beginning Balance at Jan. 02
 2010
        
        
        
        
        
        

897
000

000

016
000

581
000

295
000


Beginning Balance
 Shares at Jan. 02
 2010
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        

762
000
        

762
000
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        

870
000
        

870
000
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        

283
000)
        
        

283
000)
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000
        
        
        

000


Change in fair value of derivatives
 net of tax
        
        
        
        
        
        

000)
        
        
        

000)


Ending Balance at Jun. 26
 2010
        

000)
        
        
        

000)

620
000

000

648
000

298
000

669
000


Ending Balance
 Shares at Jun. 26
 2010
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        

042
000
        

042
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        

150
000
        

150
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        

374
000)
        

374
000)
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        

277
000
        
        

277
000
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        

000)
        
        
        

000)
        
        
        
        
        


Change in fair value of derivatives
 net of tax
        

092
000
        
        
        

092
000
        
        
        
        
        


Ending Balance at Jan. 01
 2011
        

615
000
        

818
000

277
000

520
000
        
        
        
        
        


Ending Balance
 Shares at Jan. 01
 2011
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        

947
000
        

947
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        

000
        

000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        

096
000)
        

868
000)

228
000)
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        

289
000
        
        

289
000
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        

000)
        
        
        

000)
        
        
        
        
        


Change in fair value of derivatives
 net of tax
        

000)
        
        
        

000)
        
        
        
        
        


Ending Balance at Dec. 31
 2011
        

963
000
        

162
000

338
000

000
        
        
        
        
        


Ending Balance
 Shares at Dec. 31
 2011
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        

121
000
        

121
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        

000
        

000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        

769
000)
        

374
000)

395
000)
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        

094
000
        
        

094
000
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        

000
        
        
        

000
        
        
        
        
        


Change in fair value of derivatives
 net of tax
        

413
000)
        
        
        

413
000)
        
        
        
        
        


Ending Balance at Dec. 29
 2012
        

497
000
        

201
000

037
000

741
000)
        
        
        
        
        


Ending Balance
 Shares at Dec. 29
 2012
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 that is
 the amount recognized as expense in the income statement (or as asset if compensation is capitalized).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
 -Paragraph 10
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 28
 29
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 when the entities to the transaction are consolidated
 combined
 or accounted for by the equity method in the reporting enterprise's financial statements; and gain (loss) on a derivative instrument or nonderivative financial instrument that may give rise to a foreign currency transaction gain (loss) that has been designated and qualified as a hedging instrument for hedging of the foreign currency exposure of a net investment in a foreign operation.
              
 -Subparagraph (b
c)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

   
   
   


   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
December&#160;29

   
   
December&#160;31

   
   
January&#160;1

   
   
June&#160;26

   





   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   

   

   
   
35
920
   
   
   
6
180
   
   
   
9
375
   
   
   
   
   



   

   
   
3
579
   
   
   
2
447
   
   
   
1
177
   
   
   
1
129
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   

   
   
   
   
39
499
   
   
   
8
627
   
   
   
10
552
   
   
   
1
129
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   



   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   

   

   
   
(24
157
   
   
   
1
715
   
   
   
(10
026
   
   
   
(14
268
   



   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   

   

   
   
(2
855
   
   
   
(11
047
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   


   
   
   
(26
975
   
   
   
(9
342
   
   
   
(10
801
   
   
   
(14
894
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   

   
   
   
   
12
524
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
(13
765
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   



The components of the deferred tax assets and (liabilities) associated with the cumulative temporary differences
   between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts for financial reporting purposes are as follows (in thousands): 
   


   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
December&#160;29

   
   
December&#160;31

   





   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   

   

   
   
(7
417
   
   
   
(6
974
   



   

   
   
1
957
   
   
   
   
   

   

Other
 primarily accrued expenses

   
   
13
265
   
   
   
8
501
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   



Total gross deferred income taxes
 current

   
   
7
805
   
   
   
   
   

   

   

   
   
(1
761
   
   
   
   
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   



   

   
   
6
044
   
   
   
   
   

   

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   



   

   
   
(41
979
   
   
   
(51
784
   

   

   

   
   
(162
420
   
   
   
(174
271
   



   

   
   
(39
969
   
   
   
(40
041
   

   

   

   
   
(1
370
   
   
   
(1
131
   



   

   
   
2
179
   
   
   
1
766
   

   

   

   
   
(9
153
   
   
   
(11
681
   



   

   
   
5
026
   
   
   
5
451
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   

   

Total gross deferred income taxes
 non-current

   
   
(247
686
   
   
   
(271
691
   



   

   
   
(5
509
   
   
   
(4
773
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   

   

   

   
   
(253
195
   
   
   
(276
464
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   



   

   
   
(247
151
   
   
   
(275
819
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   



As of December&#160;29
 2012
 we have a valuation allowance of $7.3 million and the net increase during the year was
   $2.4 million. The valuation allowance was recorded against the deferred tax assets related to our foreign subsidiary and our investment in the entity that owns our foreign joint venture
 based on management&#8217;s judgment that it is
   more-likely-than-not that the benefits of those deferred tax assets will not be realized in the future. The 2012 change in the valuation allowance relating to those deferred tax assets was due to a combination of currency rate fluctuations
 the
   losses related to our foreign subsidiary and investment in our foreign joint venture
 and a change in the tax rate used to determine our deferred taxes. 
   
The following is a
   reconciliation of the federal statutory income tax rate to the consolidated effective tax rate based on earnings (loss)
 before equity in losses of unconsolidated subsidiary: 
   


   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
December&#160;29

   
   
December&#160;31

   
   
January&#160;1

   
   
June&#160;26

   





   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   

State taxes
 net of federal impact

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   



   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   



   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   



   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   



The effective tax rates for the years ended December&#160;29
 2012 and December&#160;31
 2011 were impacted by a change
   in the state tax rate used to determine our deferred income tax assets and liabilities. That rate changed due to changes in enacted state laws
 changes in the composition of the groups that file in certain states and other changes to the
   apportionment of income to various states. This change did not impact cash taxes paid. 
We have foreign net operating loss
   carry-forwards of approximately $8.2 million which expire from 2025 through 2032. 
Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes
   
   
   


   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
December&#160;29

   
   
December&#160;31

   
   
January&#160;1

   
   
June&#160;26

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   





   

   
   
4
121
   
   
   
3
791
   
   
   
4
873
   
   
   
3
198
   

   

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   



   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
1
675
   



   

   
   
(1
792
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   



   

   
   
2
079
   
   
   
4
121
   
   
   
3
791
   
   
   
4
873
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   



The total liability associated with unrecognized tax benefits that
 if recognized
 would impact the effective tax rate
   was approximately $1 million at December&#160;29
 2012. 
The Company accrues interest and penalties associated with
   unrecognized tax benefits as interest expense in the consolidated statement of operations
 and the corresponding liability in accrued interest in the consolidated balance sheet. Expenses of approximately $0.1 million and $0.1 million for interest
   and penalties were reflected in the consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December&#160;31
 2011 and the six-month period ended June&#160;26
 2010. In the statement of operations for the year ended December&#160;29
 2012 and six months ended January&#160;1
 2011
 we had a benefit of approximately $0.2 million and $0.1 million reflecting the effect of the
   closing of statutes of limitations and settlements with taxing authorities. The corresponding liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet were approximately $0.8 million and $1 million at December&#160;29
 2012 and December&#160;31
 2011.
   
Included in the balance of unrecognized tax benefits for 2012 are tax positions for which it is reasonably possible that the
   total amounts could significantly change during the next twelve months. We estimate that it is reasonably possible that $0.4 million to $0.6 million of unrecognized tax benefits could significantly change during the next twelve months. This amount
   represents a decrease in unrecognized tax benefits comprised of items related to expiring statutes. 
Our uncertain tax
   positions are related to tax years that remain subject to examination. As of December&#160;29
 2012
 the United States
 Minnesota
 New Jersey and Wisconsin jurisdictions remain subject to examination for tax years 2008 through 2012. The Iowa
   jurisdiction remains subject to examination for the tax years 2009 through 2012. 





        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net change during the year in the total valuation allowance
 approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets
 utilization of a tax carryback
 and tax uncertainties information.
              
 -Paragraph 136
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 43
 44
 45
 46
 47
 48
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        
        
        
        
        

      










 2012

          



 2012



          



 2011



          



        
        
        
        
        
        


Common stock
 shares authorized

000

000
        

000

000


Common stock
 shares issued
        
        
        
        
        


Common stock
 shares outstanding
        
        
        
        
        


Common stock
 par value
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        

000
        
        


        
        
        

000
000
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 preferred shareholders and noncontrolling interests.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        

      


































        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

620

947

661

826

981

487

019

101


        

229

358

565

401

298

020

082

613


        

708

740

706)

352

320
        

166)
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
 -Paragraph 10
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 28
 29
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in the normal course of business
 reduced by sales returns and allowances
 and sales discounts.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

   
   
   

 2012 
(Unaudited
 in thousands) 
   


   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   





   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   



   

   
   
   
   
   
   
43
274
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
43
274
   

   

Accounts receivable
 less allowances

   
   
   
   
   
   
163
040
   
   
   
1
519
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
164
025
   



   

   
   
   
   
   
   
145
011
   
   
   
8
160
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
153
171
   

   

   

   
   
4
036
   
   
   
4
744
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
8
780
   



   

   
   
   
   
   
   
9
598
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
9
665
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   

   

   

   
   
4
036
   
   
   
365
667
   
   
   
9
746
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
378
915
   



Property
 Plant and Equipment&#8212;net

   
   
   
   
   
   
253
605
   
   
   
11
059
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
264
664
   

   

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
822
959
   
   
   
7
058
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
830
017
   



   

   
   
805
161
   
   
   
580
103
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
(783
512
   
   
   
601
752
   

   

   

   
   
816
656
   
   
   
(1
334
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
(815
322
   
   
   
   
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   



   

   
   
1
625
853
   
   
   
2
021
000
   
   
   
27
863
   
   
   
(1
599
368
   
   
   
2
075
348
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   

   

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   



   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   

   

   
   
10
000
   
   
   
8
867
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
19
833
   



   

   
   
   
   
   
   
96
342
   
   
   
3
376
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
99
184
   

   

   

   
   
26
789
   
   
   
78
113
   
   
   
2
189
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
107
091
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   



   

   
   
36
789
   
   
   
183
322
   
   
   
6
531
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
226
108
   

   

Long-term debt
 less current maturities

   
   
1
175
443
   
   
   
774
774
   
   
   
22
865
   
   
   
(783
512
   
   
   
1
189
570
   



   

   
   
7
146
   
   
   
245
928
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
253
195
   

   

   

   
   
6
978
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
6
978
   



   

   
   
399
497
   
   
   
816
976
   
   
   
(1
654
   
   
   
(815
322
   
   
   
399
497
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   

   

   

   
   
1
625
853
   
   
   
2
021
000
   
   
   
27
863
   
   
   
(1
599
368
   
   
   
2
075
348
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   



   
Company
   
   
   

 2011 
(Unaudited
 in thousands) 
   


   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   





   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   



   

   
   
   
   
   
   
68
118
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
68
118
   

   

Accounts receivable
 less allowances

   
   
   
   
   
   
139
101
   
   
   
4
977
   
   
   
(1
007
   
   
   
143
071
   



   

   
   
   
   
   
   
151
005
   
   
   
7
517
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
158
522
   

   

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
1
420
   



   

   
   
   
   
   
   
10
485
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
10
596
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   

   

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
369
355
   
   
   
12
605
   
   
   
(1
007
   
   
   
381
727
   


   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   

Property
 Plant and Equipment&#8212;net

   
   
   
   
   
   
281
214
   
   
   
7
750
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
288
964
   



   

   
   
   
   
   
   
822
960
   
   
   
6
886
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
829
846
   

   

   

   
   
852
828
   
   
   
612
040
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
(824
549
   
   
   
640
319
   



   

   
   
834
643
   
   
   
2
644
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
(837
287
   
   
   
   
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   

   

   

   
   
1
688
245
   
   
   
2
088
213
   
   
   
27
241
   
   
   
(1
662
843
   
   
   
2
140
856
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   



   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   



   

   
   
2
000
   
   
   
6
959
   
   
   
1
137
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
10
096
   

   

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
88
825
   
   
   
3
088
   
   
   
(1
007
   
   
   
90
906
   



   

   
   
20
212
   
   
   
65
891
   
   
   
1
710
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
87
813
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   

   

   

   
   
22
212
   
   
   
161
675
   
   
   
5
935
   
   
   
(1
007
   
   
   
188
815
   



Long-term debt
 less current maturities

   
   
1
222
365
   
   
   
824
351
   
   
   
18
826
   
   
   
(824
549
   
   
   
1
240
993
   

   

   

   
   
9
084
   
   
   
267
380
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
276
464
   



   

   
   
10
621
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
10
621
   

   

   

   
   
423
963
   
   
   
834
807
   
   
   
2
480
   
   
   
(837
287
   
   
   
423
963
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   



   

   
   
1
688
245
   
   
   
2
088
213
   
   
   
27
241
   
   
   
(1
662
843
   
   
   
2
140
856
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   






        
        

   
   
For the Year Ended December&#160;29
 2012 
   

 in thousands) 
   


   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   





   

   
   
   
   
   
   
1
812
713
   
   
   
49
047
   
   
   
(5
706
   
   
   
1
856
054
   

   

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
1
500
668
   
   
   
49
539
   
   
   
(5
706
   
   
   
1
544
501
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   



   

   
   
   
   
   
   
312
045
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
311
553
   

   

Selling
 general and administrative expenses

   
   
   
   
   
   
174
117
   
   
   
2
823
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
177
164
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   



   

   
   
   
   
   
   
137
928
   
   
   
(3
315
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
134
389
   

   

Interest expense
 net

   
   
54
827
   
   
   
34
010
   
   
   
1
519
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
90
356
   



   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   

   

Earnings (loss) before equity in earnings (loss) of subsidiaries
 income taxes and equity in losses of unconsolidated
   subsidiary

   
   
(55
051
   
   
   
104
358
   
   
   
(4
834
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
44
473
   



   

   
   
64
224
   
   
   
(4
871
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
(59
353
   
   
   
   
   

   

   

   
   
(20
921
   
   
   
33
408
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
12
524
   



   

   
   
   
   
   
   
1
855
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
1
855
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   

   

   

   
   
30
094
   
   
   
64
224
   
   
   
(4
871
   
   
   
(59
353
   
   
   
30
094
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   



   

   
   
30
094
   
   
   
62
176
   
   
   
(5
027
   
   
   
(59
353
   
   
   
27
890
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   



   
Company
   
   
For the Year Ended December 31
 2011 
   

 in thousands) 
   


   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   





   

   
   
   
   
   
   
1
725
862
   
   
   
53
265
   
   
   
(12
539
   
   
   
1
766
588
   

   

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
1
455
349
   
   
   
50
765
   
   
   
(12
539
   
   
   
1
493
575
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   



   

   
   
   
   
   
   
270
513
   
   
   
2
500
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
273
013
   

   

Selling
 general and administrative expenses

   
   
5
111
   
   
   
148
869
   
   
   
2
873
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
156
853
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   



   

   
   
(5
111
   
   
   
121
644
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
116
160
   

   

Interest expense
 net

   
   
79
028
   
   
   
17
624
   
   
   
1
488
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
98
140
   



   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   

   

   
   
3
527
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
3
527
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   



Earnings (loss) before equity in earnings (loss) of subsidiaries
 income taxes and equity in losses of unconsolidated
   subsidiary

   
   
(87
666
   
   
   
103
630
   
   
   
(1
861
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
14
103
   

   

   

   
   
62
668
   
   
   
(1
851
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
(60
817
   
   
   
   
   



   

   
   
(39
287
   
   
   
38
582
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   



   

   
   
14
289
   
   
   
62
668
   
   
   
(1
851
   
   
   
(60
817
   
   
   
14
289
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   

   

   

   
   
14
289
   
   
   
61
681
   
   
   
(1
921
   
   
   
(60
817
   
   
   
13
232
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   



   
Company
   
   
For the Six Months Ended January&#160;1
 2011 
   

 in thousands) 
   


   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   





   

   
   
   
   
   
   
840
307
   
   
   
27
025
   
   
   
(9
026
   
   
   
858
306
   

   

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
710
103
   
   
   
25
755
   
   
   
(9
026
   
   
   
726
832
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   



   

   
   
   
   
   
   
130
204
   
   
   
1
270
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
131
474
   

   

Selling
 general and administrative expenses

   
   
   
   
   
   
74
437
   
   
   
1
648
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
76
085
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   



   

   
   
   
   
   
   
55
767
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
55
389
   

   

Interest expense
 net

   
   
52
315
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
52
871
   



   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   

   

Earnings (loss) before equity in earnings (loss) of subsidiaries
 income taxes and equity in losses of unconsolidated
   subsidiary

   
   
(52
315
   
   
   
56
780
   
   
   
(1
209
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
3
256
   



   

   
   
35
857
   
   
   
(1
149
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
(34
708
   
   
   
   
   

   

   

   
   
(19
735
   
   
   
19
546
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   



   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   

   

   

   
   
3
277
   
   
   
35
857
   
   
   
(1
149
   
   
   
(34
708
   
   
   
3
277
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   



   

   
   
3
277
   
   
   
37
806
   
   
   
(1
242
   
   
   
(34
708
   
   
   
5
133
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   



   
Predecessor
   
   
For the Six Months Ended June&#160;26
 2010 
   

 in thousands) 
   


   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   





   

   
   
   
   
   
   
724
649
   
   
   
27
352
   
   
   
(8
006
   
   
   
743
995
   

   

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
595
789
   
   
   
24
965
   
   
   
(8
006
   
   
   
612
748
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   



   

   
   
   
   
   
   
128
860
   
   
   
2
387
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
131
247
   

   

Selling
 general and administrative expenses

   
   
   
   
   
   
100
650
   
   
   
1
633
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
102
283
   



   

   
   
   
   
   
   
14
730
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
14
730
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   

   

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
13
480
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
14
234
   



Interest expense
 net

   
   
7
533
   
   
   
22
654
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
30
985
   

   

   

   
   
6
388
   
   
   
24
850
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
31
238
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   



Loss before equity in earnings (loss) of subsidiaries
 income taxes and equity in losses of unconsolidated
   subsidiary

   
   
(13
921
   
   
   
(34
024
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
(47
989
   

   

   

   
   
(23
987
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
23
956
   
   
   
   
   



   

   
   
(3
625
   
   
   
(10
065
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
(13
765
   

   

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   



   

   
   
(34
283
   
   
   
(23
987
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
23
956
   
   
   
(34
283
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   

   

   

   
   
(34
283
   
   
   
(24
532
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
23
956
   
   
   
(34
909
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   






        
        

   
   
   

 2012 
(Unaudited
 in thousands)
   
   


   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   





   

   
   
(23
863
   
   
   
139
818
   
   
   
1
950
   
   
   
117
905
   

   

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   



   

   
   
   
   
   
   
(34
767
   
   
   
(2
508
   
   
   
(37
275
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   

   

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
(34
767
   
   
   
(2
508
   
   
   
(37
275
   



   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   

   

   
   
(41
077
   
   
   
(6
959
   
   
   
(1
294
   
   
   
(49
330
   



   

   
   
(1
374
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
(1
374
   

   

   

   
   
(54
769
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
(54
769
   



   

   
   
121
083
   
   
   
(122
936
   
   
   
1
853
   
   
   
   
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   

   

   

   
   
23
863
   
   
   
(129
895
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
(105
473
   



   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   

   

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
(24
844
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
(24
844
   



   

   
   
   
   
   
   
68
118
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
68
118
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   

   

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
43
274
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
43
274
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   



   
Company
   
   
For the Year Ended December&#160;31
 2011 
   

 in thousands) 
   


   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   





   

   
   
3
121
   
   
   
122
160
   
   
   
(2
112
   
   
   
123
169
   

   

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   



   

   
   
   
   
   
   
(44
868
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
(45
230
   

   

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   



   

   
   
   
   
   
   
(45
718
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
(46
080
   

   

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   



   

   
   
(813
225
   
   
   
(6
688
   
   
   
(1
453
   
   
   
(821
366
   

   

   

   
   
840
000
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
840
000
   



   

   
   
(7
241
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
(7
241
   

   

   

   
   
(65
096
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
(65
096
   



   

   
   
42
441
   
   
   
(45
246
   
   
   
2
805
   
   
   
   
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   

   

   

   
   
(3
121
   
   
   
(51
934
   
   
   
1
352
   
   
   
(53
703
   



   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   

   

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
24
508
   
   
   
(1
195
   
   
   
23
313
   



   

   
   
   
   
   
   
43
610
   
   
   
1
195
   
   
   
44
805
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   

   

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
68
118
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
68
118
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   



   
Company
   
   
For the Six Months Ended January&#160;1
 2011 
   

 in thousands) 
   


   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   





   

   
   
22
881
   
   
   
47
336
   
   
   
1
110
   
   
   
71
327
   

   

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   



   

   
   
   
   
   
   
(19
801
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
(20
541
   

   

   

   
   
(1
675
000
   
   
   
63
073
   
   
   
2
111
   
   
   
(1
609
816
   



   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   

   

   

   
   
(1
675
000
   
   
   
43
590
   
   
   
1
371
   
   
   
(1
630
039
   



   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   

   

   
   
(9
975
   
   
   
(3
361
   
   
   
(1
339
   
   
   
(14
675
   



   

   
   
1
202
700
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
1
202
700
   

   

   

   
   
(52
337
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
(52
337
   



   

   
   
(15
374
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
(15
374
   

   

   

   
   
527
105
   
   
   
(43
955
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
483
150
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   



   

   
   
1
652
119
   
   
   
(47
316
   
   
   
(1
339
   
   
   
1
603
464
   

   

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   



   

   
   
   
   
   
   
43
610
   
   
   
1
195
   
   
   
44
805
   

   

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   



   

   
   
   
   
   
   
43
610
   
   
   
1
195
   
   
   
44
805
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   



   
Predecessor
   
   
For the Six Months Ended June&#160;26
 2010 
   

 in thousands) 
   


   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   





   

   
   
(7
511
   
   
   
48
696
   
   
   
2
638
   
   
   
43
823
   

   

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   



   

   
   
   
   
   
   
(22
152
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
(22
354
   

   

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
(1
500
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
(1
500
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   



   

   
   
   
   
   
   
(23
652
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
(23
854
   

   

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   



   

   
   
(154
061
   
   
   
(530
336
   
   
   
(1
167
   
   
   
(685
564
   

   

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
6
032
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
6
032
   



   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   

   

   
   
161
572
   
   
   
476
298
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
637
870
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   



   

   
   
7
511
   
   
   
(48
159
   
   
   
(1
167
   
   
   
(41
815
   

   

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   



   

   
   
   
   
   
   
(23
115
   
   
   
1
238
   
   
   
(21
877
   

   

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
86
189
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
87
061
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   



   

   
   
   
   
   
   
63
074
   
   
   
2
110
   
   
   
65
184
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 balance sheets of consolidated entities and consolidation eliminations.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 cash flow statements of consolidated entities and consolidation eliminations.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 income statements of consolidated entities and consolidation eliminations.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    

Dec. 29


Sep. 29


Jun. 30


Mar. 31


Dec. 31


Oct. 01


Jul. 02


Apr. 02

    

Dec. 29


Dec. 31



    
    
    
    
    
    



  
  













    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        

      










        
        
        


        

846

594


        
        
        


        
        
        


        

017

846



          

        
        


        
        
        


        

339

250


        
        
        


        
        
        


        

510

339



          

        
        


        
        
        


        

882

806


        
        
        


        
        
        


        

882

882



          

        
        


        
        
        


        

625

538


        
        
        


        
        
        


        

625

625




        
          

        
          
            

 which is the cumulative amount paid and (if applicable) the fair value of any noncontrolling interest in the acquiree
 adjusted for any amortization recognized prior to the adoption of any changes in generally accepted accounting principles (as applicable) and for any impairment charges
 in excess of the fair value of net assets acquired in one or more business combination transactions.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

   
   
   Michael Foods Group
 Inc. is a diversified producer and distributor of food products in three areas&#8212;egg products
 cheese and other dairy-case products
 and refrigerated potato products. 
Michael Foods Group
 Inc. is a wholly-owned subsidiary of MFI Midco Corporation (&#8220;Midco&#8221; or &#8220;Parent&#8221;). Midco is a
   wholly-owned subsidiary of Michael Foods Holding
 Inc. Michael Foods Holding
 Inc. is a wholly-owned subsidiary of MFI Holding Corporation (&#8220;MFI Holding&#8221;)
 whose security holders include affiliates of Goldman Sachs Capital Partners
   affiliates and co-investors of Thomas H. Lee Partners L.P. and certain current and former members of management. 



        
        

   
As further discussed in Note B
 on June&#160;29
 2010
 M-Foods Holdings
 Inc. together with its subsidiaries
 the &#8220;Predecessor
&#8221;
   merged with and into MFI Acquisition Corporation
 and the surviving entity was renamed Michael Foods Group
 Inc. (&#8220;Michael Foods
&#8221; &#8220;Company
&#8221; &#8220;we
&#8221; &#8220;us
&#8221; &#8220;our&#8221;). The merger was accounted for as a
   business combination and a new accounting basis was established.&#160;Accordingly
 the accompanying consolidated financial statements are presented for two periods
 Company and Predecessor
 which relate to the accounting periods succeeding and
   preceding the consummation of the merger.&#160;The Company and Predecessor periods have been separated by a vertical line on the face of the consolidated financial statements to highlight the fact that the financial information for such periods has
   been prepared under two different historical-cost basis of accounting.&#160;The accounting policies followed by us in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements for the Company are consistent with those of the Predecessor and are
   further described below. 
Also
 as discussed in Note B
 the Predecessor is
 collectively
 M-Foods Holdings
 Inc. and its
   subsidiaries. The Michael Foods entity that filed reports with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (&#8220;SEC&#8221;) prior to the June&#160;29
 2010 merger was Michael Foods
 Inc.
 a direct
 wholly-owned subsidiary of M-Foods Holdings
 Inc.
   In general
 the Michael Foods
 Inc. filings did not include financial information with respect to M-Foods Holdings
 Inc. Consequently
 certain Predecessor information herein is not directly comparable to information in the Michael Foods
 Inc.
   filings. Prior to the merger
 M-Foods Holdings
 Inc. liabilities consisted solely of then outstanding senior subordinated notes and M-Foods Holdings
 Inc.&#8217;s sole asset was the shares of Michael Foods
 Inc. 



        
        

   
The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and all wholly and majority owned subsidiaries in which it has
   control. All significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated. The Company&#8217;s investments in non-controlled entities in which it has the ability to exercise significant influence over operating and financial policies are
   accounted for by the equity method. The Company utilizes a 52/53-week fiscal year ending on the Saturday nearest to December&#160;31. The periods presented are as follows: 
   
   Fiscal year 2012 contained a 52-week period and ended December&#160;29
 2012. 
Fiscal year 2011 contained a 52-week period and ended December&#160;31
 2011. 
Fiscal six month period ended January&#160;1
 2011 contained 27 weeks. 
Fiscal six month period ended June&#160;26
 2010 contained 25 weeks. 



        
        

   
   
   Preparation of the consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect
   reported amounts of assets and liabilities
 related revenues and expenses and disclosure about contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements. Actual results could differ from the estimates used by management. 



        
        

   
Certain reclassifications of previously reported amounts on the balance sheet have been made to conform to the current year presentation.
   The reclassifications had no impact on net earnings or operating cash flows. 



        
        

   
We consider all highly liquid temporary investments with original maturities of three months or less to be cash equivalents. Significantly
   all of our cash is held with one financial institution. 



        
        

   
We grant credit to our customers in the normal course of business
 but generally do not require collateral or any other security to
   support amounts due from customers. Management performs on-going credit evaluations of customers. We maintain an allowance for potential credit losses based on historical write-off experience which
 when realized
 have been within management&#8217;s
   expectations. The allowance was $1
139
000 and $875
000 at December&#160;29
 2012 and December&#160;31
 2011. 



        
        

   
   
   Inventories
 other than flocks
 are stated at the lower of cost (determined on a first-in
 first-out basis) or market. Flock inventory represents the cost of purchasing and raising flocks to laying
   maturity. The costs included in our flock inventory include the costs of the chicks
 the feed fed to the birds
 and the labor and overhead costs incurred to operate the pullet facilities until the birds are transferred into the laying facilities
 at
   which time their cost is amortized to operations over their expected useful lives. 
Inventories consisted of the following as
   of the years ended
 (in thousands): 
   


   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
December&#160;29

   
   
December&#160;31

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   





   

   
   
28
989
   
   
   
25
488
   

   

   

   
   
88
353
   
   
   
99
605
   



   

   
   
35
829
   
   
   
33
429
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   

   
   
   
   
153
171
   
   
   
158
522
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   






        
        

   
We are exposed to market risks from changes in commodity prices
 which may adversely affect our operating results and financial position.
   When appropriate
 we seek to minimize our risks from commodity price fluctuations through the use of derivative financial instruments
 such as commodity purchase contracts
 which are classified as derivatives
 along with other instruments relating
   primarily to corn
 soybean meal
 cheese and energy-related needs. We estimate fair values based on exchange-quoted prices
 adjusted as appropriate for differences in local markets. These differences are generally valued using inputs from broker or
   dealer quotations
 or market transactions in either the listed or over-the-counter commodity markets. In such cases
 these derivative contracts are classified within Level&#160;2 of the fair value hierarchy. Changes in the fair values of these
   contracts are recognized in the consolidated financial statements as a component of cost of sales or other comprehensive income (loss). The hedging-related financial instruments measured at fair value on a recurring basis are included in current
   assets
 under &#8220;prepaid expenses and other.&#8221; 
In addition
 we seek to minimize our risks from interest rate
   fluctuations through the use of interest rate swap contracts. These instruments are valued using standard calculations and models with inputs other than quoted market prices provided by our banking partners. The fair value of instruments may be
   impacted by the Company&#8217;s nonperformance risk
 which is estimated based upon the unsecured borrowing rates available to the Company. The borrowing rates available to the Company are considered a significant unobservable input used in the fair
   value measurement of such instruments. As such
 they were included in the Level 3 fair value measurements as of December&#160;29
 2012 and December&#160;31
 2011. A 1% change in the unobservable input would have an approximately $0.1 million effect
   on interest expense. Management has elected not to account for these instruments as designated hedges so changes in the fair values of these instruments are recognized in the consolidated financial statements as a component of interest expense. The
   interest rate swap contract liability is measured at fair value on a recurring basis and the current portion of the liability is included in &#8220;other accrued liabilities&#8221; and the long-term portion is included in &#8220;other long-term
   liabilities&#8221;. 
   
The following table
   provides a reconciliation of the beginning and ending balances of items measured at fair value on a recurring basis that used Level 3
 significant unobservable inputs (in thousands): 
   


   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
December&#160;29

   
   
December&#160;31

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   





   

   
   
6
500
   
   
   
   
   

   

   

   
   
2
372
   
   
   
6
500
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   



   

   
   
8
872
   
   
   
6
500
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   



The following table sets forth our hedging-related financial assets and liabilities measured on a recurring basis as of
   the years ended December&#160;29
 2012 and December&#160;31
 2011 (in thousands): 
   


   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
Fair Value Measurements As of December 29
 2012
   





   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   



   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   

   

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   



   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   

   

   
   
1
607
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
1
607
   
   
   
   
   



   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   

   

   
   
8
872
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
8
872
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   



   

   
   
10
595
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
1
723
   
   
   
8
872
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   

   
   
   

   
   
   
Fair Value Measurements As of December 31
 2011
   



   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   

   

   
   
2
906
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
2
906
   
   
   
   
   



   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   

   

   

   
   
2
906
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
2
906
   
   
   
   
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   



   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   



   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   

   

   
   
6
500
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
6
500
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   



   

   
   
7
118
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
6
500
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   



The carrying amount of our debt (including current maturities) was $1.21 billion as of December&#160;29
 2012 and $1.25
   billion as of December&#160;31
 2011. Based on current market rates provided primarily by various bank sources
 the fair value of this debt at December&#160;29
 2012 and December&#160;31
 2011 was estimated at $1.26 billion and $1.27 billion
   respectively. Our cash
 accounts receivable
 accounts payable and other liabilities&#8217; carrying value approximates fair value. 



        
        

   
Certain of our operating segments enter into derivative instruments
 such as corn and soybean meal futures
 which we believe provide an
   economic hedge on future transactions and are designated as cash flow hedges. As the commodities being hedged are grain ingredients fed to our flocks
 the changes in the market value of such contracts have historically been
 and are expected to
   continue to be
 highly effective at offsetting changes in price movements of these items. 
We actively monitor exposure to
   commodity price risks and use derivative commodity instruments to manage the impact of certain of these risks. We use derivatives
 primarily futures contracts
 only for the purpose of managing risks associated with underlying commodity exposures.
   Our futures contracts for grains are cash flow hedges of firm purchase commitments and anticipated production requirements
 as they reduce our exposure to changes in the cash price of the respective items and generally extend for less than one year. We expect that
   within the next twelve months we will reclassify
 as earnings or losses
 substantially all of the amount recorded in accumulated other comprehensive loss. 
   
   In addition
 we use derivative instruments to mitigate some of the risk associated with our energy-related needs and interest costs. We do not treat those futures contracts as hedging instruments and
   therefore
 record the gains or losses related to them as a component of earnings in the period of change. We do not trade or use instruments with the objective of earning financial gains on the commodity price
 nor do we use instruments where there
   is no underlying exposure. All derivatives are recognized at their fair value. For derivative instruments designated and qualifying as cash flow hedges
 the effective portion of the gain or loss on the derivative is reported as a component of other
   comprehensive income or (loss) (&#8220;AOCI&#8221; or &#8220;AOCL&#8221;) in the equity section of our balance sheet and an associated amount is recorded in &#8220;prepaid expenses and other current assets.&#8221; The amounts carried in cash
 when
   appropriate
 represent the fair value of our positions in excess of the margin requirements. We offset certain derivative asset and liability amounts where a legal right of offset exists. The amounts deferred are subsequently recognized in cost of
   sales when the associated products are sold. The cost or benefit of contracts closed prior to the execution of the underlying purchase is deferred until the anticipated purchase occurs. As a result of the volatility of the markets
 deferred gains
   and losses in AOCI or AOCL may fluctuate until the related contract is closed. Gains and losses on the derivative representing hedge ineffectiveness are recognized in current earnings. We do not exclude any items from our assessment of
   ineffectiveness. During the years ended December&#160;29
 2012 and December 31
 2011
 we did not discontinue any cash flow hedges; therefore no reclassification of gains or losses into earnings was made during the period related to such items.
   
We had the following outstanding commodity-forward contracts for hedging of forecasted purchases of grain
 as of the years
   ended (in thousands): 
   


   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
December&#160;29

   
   
December&#160;31

   
   
December&#160;29

   
   
December&#160;31

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   





   

   
   
3
060
   
   
   
6
375
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   



Information on location and amounts of derivative fair values in the consolidated balance sheets is presented below
 as
   of the years ended (in thousands): 
   


   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
   
   
December&#160;29
&#160;2012
   
   
December&#160;31
 2011
   

   
   
   

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   





   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   

   

   

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
(1
812
   
   
   
3
788
   
   
   
   
   


   
   
   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   



   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   

   

   

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   


   
   
   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   



   

   

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
(8
872
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
(6
500
   


   
   
   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   



(1) Amounts represent the gross fair value of derivative assets and liabilities. The Company nets the derivative assets and liabilities
   for each of its hedging programs
 including cash collateral
 when a master netting arrangement exists between the Company and the counterparty to the derivative contract. The amount or timing of cash collateral balances may impact the classification
   of the derivative in the consolidated balance sheets. The gross fair value of the commodity grain contracts is exclusive of cash collateral receivable of $3.5 million and $0.2 million as of December&#160;29
 2012 and December&#160;31
 2011. The
   gross fair value of the commodity energy contracts is exclusive of cash collateral receivable of $0.2 million and $0.9 million as of December&#160;29
 2012 and December&#160;31
 2011. 
The following table represents the effect of derivative instruments in cash flow hedging relationships on our Consolidated Statements of
   Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 net of tax for the periods ended December&#160;29
 2012
&#160;December&#160;31
 2011
&#160;January&#160;1
 2011 and June&#160;26
 2010 (in thousands): 
   


   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
   
   
   

   

   

   
   
   
   
   
   

from
   AOCI

   
   
   
   

Gain
   (Loss)

   
   
   





   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
For the year ended December 29
 2012
   



   

   
   
&#160;(1
200
   
   
   
   
   
1
213
   
   
   
   
   
   
   


   
   

   


   

   
   
   
   

   


   

   
   
   
   

   


   

   

   
   
   

   
   
   
For the year ended December 31
 2011
   



   

   
   
 1
164
   
   
   
   
   
1
708
   
   
   
   
   
   
   


   
   

   


   

   
   
   
   

   


   

   
   
   
   

   


   

   

   
   
   

   
   
   
For the six months ended January 1
 2011
   



   

   
   
 1
806
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   


   
   

   


   

   
   
   
   

   


   

   
   
   
   

   


   

   

   
   
   

   
   
   
For the six months ended June 26
 2010
   



   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   


   
   

   


   

   
   
   
   

   


   

   
   
   
   

   


   

   



The following table represents the effect of derivative instruments not designated as hedging instruments on our
   Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the periods ended December&#160;29
 2012
&#160;December&#160;31
 2011
&#160;January&#160;1
 2011 and June&#160;26
 2010 (in thousands): 
   


   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
Gain
   (Loss)
   
   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
   
December&#160;
   29

   
   
December&#160;
   31

   
   
January&#160;1

   
   
June&#160;26

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   





   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
(1
017
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   


   
   
   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   

   

   

   
   
   
   
(2
372
   
   
   
(6
500
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   


   
   
   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   






        
        

   
Other comprehensive income (loss) is comprised of unrealized gains (losses) on cash flow hedges and foreign currency translation
   adjustments. The components of changes in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)
 net of taxes
 were as follows (in thousands): 
   


   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
Derivatives

   
   
   
   
   
   
   





   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   

Balance at January 2
 2010

   
   
   
   
   
   
3
855
   
   
   
4
295
   



   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   



Balance at June 26
 2010

   
   
   
   
   
   
4
005
   
   
   
3
669
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
   
   



   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   

Balance at June 27
 2010

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   



   

   
   
2
092
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
2
092
   

   

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   



Balance at January 1
 2011

   
   
1
756
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
1
520
   

   

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   



   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   

   

Balance at December 31
 2011

   
   
1
212
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   



   

   
   
(2
413
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
(2
413
   

   

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   



Balance at December 29
 2012

   
   
(1
201
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
(1
741
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   



   

   
   
The income tax expense (benefit) allocated to derivatives was $1
425
 $326 and ($1
255) for the years ended December 29
 2012 and December 31
 2011 and the six-month
   period ended January 1
 2011. The tax expense allocated to derivatives of the Predecessor was $466 for the six-month period ended June 26
 2010. 





Property
 Plant and Equipment
        

Property
 Plant and Equipment 
The Company&#8217;s property consists mainly of plants and equipment used in manufacturing activities. Assets acquired in the 2010 merger
   were valued at allocated fair value
 and subsequent capital asset additions are recorded at cost
 which includes interest on significant projects. Depreciation is provided in amounts sufficient to relate the cost of depreciable assets to operations
   over their estimated service lives
 principally on the straight-line basis. Estimated service lives range from 10-30 years for buildings and improvements and 3-15 years for machinery and equipment. Leasehold improvements are depreciated over the
   life of the lease including any extensions
 the estimated service lives range from 5-15 years. Maintenance and repairs are charged to expense in the year incurred and renewals and betterments are capitalized. The costs and accumulated depreciation
   of assets sold or disposed of are removed from the accounts and the resulting gain or loss is reflected in earnings. Plant and equipment are reviewed for impairment when conditions indicate an impairment or future impairment; the assets are either
   written down or the useful life is adjusted to the remaining period of usefulness. 
We capitalized interest of $82
000
   $374
000
 $86
000 and $133
000 in the years ended December&#160;29
 2012 and December&#160;31
 2011 and the six-month periods ended January&#160;1
 2011 and June&#160;26
 2010 relating to the construction and installation of property
 plant and
   equipment. Our policy is to capitalize interest on all major projects where construction and/or installation continue for an extended period of time



        
        

   
We recognize as goodwill the excess cost of an acquired entity over the net amount assigned to assets acquired
 including intangible
   assets with indefinite lives
 and liabilities assumed. Goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite lives (e.g.
 trademarks) are tested for impairment on an annual basis during the fourth quarter
 and between annual tests whenever there is an
   impairment indicated. Fair values are estimated based on our best assessment of fair value compared to the corresponding carrying value of the reporting unit
 including goodwill. Impairment losses will be recognized whenever the fair value is less
   than the carrying value of the related asset. None of our goodwill
 customer relationships or other intangible assets were impaired as of December&#160;29
 2012 and no impairment losses were recorded for the years ended December&#160;29
 2012
   and&#160;December&#160;31
 2011 or the six-month periods ended January&#160;1
 2011 and June&#160;26
 2010. 
Approximately
   $2.7 million of goodwill is deductible for tax purposes. The following table is a reconciliation of the carrying amount of goodwill by reportable segment as of December&#160;29
 2012 and December 31
 2011
 (in thousands): 
   


   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   





Balance as of January 1
 2011

   
   
688
250
   
   
   
92
806
   
   
   
48
538
   
   
   
829
594
   

   

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   



   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   

   

Balance as of December&#160;31
 2011

   
   
688
339
   
   
   
92
882
   
   
   
48
625
   
   
   
829
846
   



   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   

   

Balance as of December&#160;29
 2012

   
   
688
510
   
   
   
92
882
   
   
   
48
625
   
   
   
830
017
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   



We recognize an acquired intangible asset apart from goodwill whenever the asset arises from contractual or other legal
   rights
 or whenever it is capable of being separated or divided from the acquired entity and sold
 transferred
 licensed
 rented or exchanged
 either individually or in combination with a related contract
 asset or liability. An intangible asset
   other than goodwill is amortized over its estimated useful life unless that life is determined to be indefinite. Straight-line amortization reflects an appropriate allocation of the cost of intangible assets to earnings in proportion to the amount
   of economic benefit obtained by the Company in each reporting period. The weighted average amortization period for our customer relationships is 17 years. Impairment losses are recognized if the carrying amount of an intangible asset subject to
   amortization is not recoverable from expected future cash flows
 and its carrying amount exceeds its fair value. 
   
The following are our
   intangible assets
 other than goodwill
 as of the years ended
 (in thousands): 
   


   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
December&#160;29

   
   
December&#160;31

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   





Amortized intangible assets
 principally customer relationships

   
   
521
000
   
   
   
521
000
   

   

   

   
   
(77
592
   
   
   
(46
792
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   


   
   
   
443
408
   
   
   
474
208
   

   

Indefinite lived intangible assets
 trademarks

   
   
111
000
   
   
   
111
000
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   


   
   
   
554
408
   
   
   
585
208
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   



The intangible asset amortization expense was $30.8 million
 $30.8 million
 $16 million and $7.5 million in the years
   ended December&#160;29
 2012 and December&#160;31
 2011 and the six-month periods ended January&#160;1
 2011 and June&#160;26
 2010. The estimated amortization expense for years 2013 through 2017 is as follows (in thousands): 
   


   
   
   
   
   
   





   

   
   
30
800
   

   

   

   
   
31
392
   



   

   
   
30
800
   

   

   

   
   
30
800
   



   

   
   
30
800
   



The above amortization expense forecast is an estimate. Actual amounts may change from such estimated amounts due to
   additional intangible asset acquisitions
 potential impairment
 accelerated amortization
 or other events. 



        
        

   
   
   Deferred financing costs are being amortized using the effective interest rate method over the lives of the respective debt agreements. Our deferred financing costs are as follows for the years ended (in
   thousands): 
   


   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   
   
   
December&#160;29

   
   
December&#160;31

   

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   





   

   
   
46
027
   
   
   
48
545
   

   

   

   
   
1
374
   
   
   
7
241
   



   

   
   
   
   
   
   
(1
845
   

   

   

   
   
(7
965
   
   
   
(7
914
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   


   
   
   
39
436
   
   
   
46
027
   


   
   

   


   

   
   

   


   

   



Our credit agreement was modified on December&#160;11
 2012 in connection with the issuance of senior PIK notes by
   Michael Foods Holding
 Inc. Included in the additions to deferred financing costs were direct costs related to the amendment
 which were capitalized and will be amortized using the effective interest rate method over the remaining life of the credit
   agreement. We also incurred third party fees that were expensed and included in selling
 general and administrative expenses. 
Also
 our credit agreement was previously amended and restated on February&#160;25
 2011. We capitalized the costs associated with the
   amendment and restatement
 which are included in the additions to deferred financing costs above. Costs not capitalized
 related to lenders who chose not to participate in our amended and restated credit agreement
 were included in early
   extinguishment of debt costs for the year ended December&#160;31
 2011. 



        
        

   
We and our principal insurance carrier are parties to a pledge and security agreement and an escrow agreement for the guarantee of
   deductible and/or loss limit reimbursement on workers compensation
 automobile and general liability claims. As of December 29
 2012 and December&#160;31
 2011
 we had approximately $5.7 million in the escrow collateral money market account at Bank
   of New York Mellon. The funds in this account are restricted cash and the carrying value is included in long-term other assets on our balance sheet. 



        
        

   
Our Egg Products Division includes a subsidiary in Canada (MFI Food Canada Ltd.). Its financial statements are included in our
   consolidated financial statements. The financial statements for the Canadian entity are measured in the local currency and then translated into U.S. dollars. The balance sheet accounts
 with the exception of retained earnings accounts
 are
   translated using the current exchange rate at the balance sheet date and the operating results are translated using the average rates prevailing throughout the reporting period. The retained earnings equity accounts are translated at historical
   average rates. Accumulated translation gains or losses are recorded in AOCI or AOCL and are included as a component of comprehensive income. Transactional gains and losses are reported in the statement of operations. Michael Foods
 Inc. holds a
   Canadian dollar-denominated note receivable from the Canadian subsidiary. As a result
 we record the exchange-rate impact on that note as a component of earnings (loss) in the period of change. 



        
        

   
As of December&#160;29
 2012
 we have invested $2 million
 our 50% share of the capital funding of a joint venture
 in MFOSI
 LLC
 a
   Delaware LLC (&#8220;MFOSI&#8221;). MFOSI owns 100% of its subsidiary
 Lang Fang MK Food Company Ltd.
 a Chinese egg products company. In July 2012
 we and our joint venture partner each issued a $2 million irrevocable standby letter of credit with
   Bank of America
 N.A. as beneficiary. The letters of credit were established as a guarantee for a $4 million credit facility entered into by Lang Fang MK Food Company Ltd. and the China branch of Bank of America (see Note C). 
The Chinese company began producing finished product in October 2011 to support customer sales. We account for the joint venture under
   the equity method of accounting. 



        
        

   
   
   Sales to our customers are recognized when proof of delivery is received from our carriers and are recorded net of estimated customer programs and returns. We recognize revenue when all of the following
   conditions have been met: 
(1) Persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists&#8212;A revenue transaction is initiated and
   evidenced by receipt of a purchase order from our customer. 
(2) Delivery has occurred or services have been rendered&#8212;An
   invoice is created from the bill of lading at our shipping plant and revenue is recognized when proof of delivery of the receipt of goods is received from our carriers. 
   
   (3) The seller&#8217;s price to the buyer is fixed or determinable&#8212;Our sales invoice includes an agreed upon selling price. 
   
   (4) Collectability is reasonably assured&#8212;We have a documented credit and collection policy and procedure manual for determining collectability from our customers. 
Our shipping policy is FOB destination; therefore
 title to goods remains with us until delivered by the carrier to our customer.
   
Only a minor portion of our sales result in customer returns.&#160;An accrual is estimated based on historical trends and
   reviewed periodically for adequacy. Revenue is appropriately reduced to reflect estimated returns. We are able to make a reasonable estimate of customer returns based upon historical trends due to the fact that our sales are not susceptible to
   significant external factors
 the return period is short
 and our sales are high volume and homogeneous in nature. 
Customer
   incentive programs include customer rebates
 volume discounts and allowance programs. We have contractual arrangements with our customers and utilize agreed-upon discounts to determine the accrued promotion costs related to these customers. In
   addition
 we have contractual arrangements with end-user customers and utilize historical experience to estimate this accrual. 



        
        

   
We promote our products with advertising
 consumer incentives
 and trade promotions. Such programs include
 but are not limited to
   discounts
 coupons
 and fixed and volume-based incentive programs. Advertising costs are expensed as incurred and included in selling expenses. At retail
 we predominately use in-store promotional spending
 discounts and coupons.&#160;Such spending
   is recorded as a reduction to sales based on amounts estimated as being due to customers and consumers at the end of a period.&#160;In foodservice
 we predominately use fixed and volume-based programs.&#160;Fixed marketing programs are expensed over
   the period to which sales relate and are included in selling expenses.&#160;Volume&#8211;based programs are recorded as a reduction to sales based on amounts estimated as being due to customers at the end of a period.&#160;Our advertising expense was
   approximately $18.5 million
 $16.7 million
 $8.2 million and $7.7 million for the years ended December&#160;29
 2012 and December&#160;31
 2011 and the six-month periods ended January&#160;1
 2011 and June&#160;26
 2010. 



        
        

   
   



        
        

   
   
   Income tax expense involves management judgment as to the ultimate resolution of any tax issues. Historically
 our assessments of the ultimate resolution of tax issues have been reasonably accurate. The
   current open issues are not dissimilar from historical items. 
Deferred income taxes are computed using the asset and
   liability method
 such that deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between financial reporting amounts and the tax bases of existing assets and liabilities based on
   currently enacted tax laws and tax rates in effect for the periods in which the differences are expected to reverse. Income tax expense is the tax payable for the period plus the change during the period in deferred income taxes. Due to the size of
   our temporary differences
 changes in enacted state tax laws
 changes in the composition of our companies that file in a particular state
 or changes in state apportionment factors can have a significant impact on our deferred tax provision and
   therefore on our overall effective tax rate for the current period. Likewise
 the size of our temporary differences and their expected reversals generally result in our cash taxes being significantly more than tax expense reported in our
   consolidated financial statements. Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount more-likely-than-not expected to be realized. We are included in a consolidated federal income tax return with MFI
   Holding. State income taxes are filed on either a combined or separate company basis. 
When evaluating our tax positions
 we
   account for uncertainty in income taxes in our consolidated financial statements. The evaluation of a tax position is a two-step process
 the first step being recognition. We determine whether it is more-likely-than-not that a tax position will be
   sustained upon tax examination
 including resolution of any related appeals or litigation
 based on only the technical merits of the position. If a tax position does not meet the more-likely-than-not threshold
 the benefit of that position is not
   recognized in our financial statements. The second step is measurement. The tax position is measured as the largest amount of benefit that is more-likely-than-not of being realized upon ultimate resolution with a taxing authority. See Note D for
   additional information. 



        
        

   
In May 2011
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#8220;FASB&#8221;) issued an update to accounting guidance for improved fair value
   measurement and disclosures. The update represents converged guidance between U.S. GAAP and International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) resulting in common requirements for measuring fair value and for disclosing information about fair value
   measurements. This new guidance was effective for our fiscal year beginning January&#160;1
 2012 and the adoption of this guidance did not have an impact on our financial position
 results of operations or cash flows. 
In June 2011
 the FASB issued guidance on presentation of comprehensive income that requires us to present components of other
   comprehensive income and of net income in one continuous statement of comprehensive income
 or in two separate but consecutive statements. In December 2011
 the FASB issued a deferral of the effective date for presentations of reclassifications of
   items out of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)
 see below for update. The option to report other comprehensive income within the statement of equity has been removed. This new presentation of comprehensive income was effective for our
   fiscal year beginning January&#160;1
 2012 and we have presented in one continuous statement of comprehensive income. The adoption of this guidance did not have an impact on our financial position
 results of operations or cash flows. 
   
In September 2011
 the
   FASB issued guidance on goodwill impairment testing that gives companies the option to perform a qualitative assessment that may allow them to skip the annual two-step test. The assessment examines qualitative factors to determine whether the
   existence of events or circumstances leads to a determination that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is or is not less than its carrying amount. This new guidance was effective for our fiscal year beginning
   January&#160;1
 2012 and the adoption of this guidance did not have an impact on our financial position
 results of operations or cash flows. 
   
   There was no other accounting pronouncement adopted during the year ended December&#160;29
 2012 that had a material impact on our financial position
 operating results or disclosures. 



        
        

   
In July 2012
 the FASB issued new accounting guidance
 which amends the existing guidance
 related to impairment testing of
   indefinite-lived intangible assets. The amendments allow the option of performing a qualitative impairment assessment before calculating the fair value of the intangible assets
 which could
 depending on the results of the assessment
 eliminate the
   need for further impairment testing. The guidance is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after September&#160;15
 2012 with early adoption permitted. We do not expect the adoption of this guidance to have an impact on our financial
   position
 results of operations or cash flows. 
In February 2013
 the FASB updated the guidance requiring companies to report
   in one place
 information about reclassifications of accumulated other comprehensive income (&#8220;AOCI&#8221;) and changes in AOCI balances. For significant items reclassified out of AOCI to net income in their entirety in the same reporting period
   reporting is required about the effect of the reclassifications on the respective line items in the statement where net income is presented. For items that are not reclassified to net income in their entirety in the same reporting period
 a cross
   reference to other disclosures currently required in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States is required. The above information must be presented in one place
 either parenthetically on the face of the financial
   statements by income statement line item
 or in a note. The adoption of this updated guidance is effective for us beginning with fiscal year 2013. The adoption of this guidance is not expected to have a material impact on our financial position
   results of operations or cash flows. 
There were no other new accounting pronouncements issued during the year ended
   December&#160;29
 2012 that are expected to have material impacts on our financial position
 operating results or disclosures. 





        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 discloses whether such costs are expensed as incurred or the first period in which the advertising takes place. For direct response advertising costs that are capitalized
 describes those assets and the accounting policy used
 including a description of the qualifying activity
 the types of costs capitalized and the related amortization period. An entity also may disclose its accounting policy for cooperative advertising arrangements.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or basis of presentation
 used to prepare the financial statements (for example
 US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
 Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting
 IFRS).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents
 (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk
 (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts)
 and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example
 at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.
              
 -Paragraph 7
 8
 9
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 contracts entered into with others
 or company statements of intention with regard to particular deposits; however
 time deposits and short-term certificates of deposit are not generally included in legally restricted deposits.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the principles followed in determining the inclusion or exclusion of subsidiaries or other entities in the consolidated or combined financial statements and (2) its treatment of interests (for example
 common stock
 a partnership interest or other means of exerting influence) in other entities
 for example consolidation or use of the equity or cost methods of accounting.  The accounting policy may also address the accounting treatment for intercompany accounts and transactions
 noncontrolling interest
 and the income statement treatment in consolidation for issuances of stock by a subsidiary.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 5
 6
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 14
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Section 02
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may include how gains or losses are recognized and presented in the financial statements
 and amortization policies for deferred amounts.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 8
 10
 12
 13
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 (2) translating foreign currency financial statements that are incorporated into the financial statements of the reporting enterprise by consolidation
 combination
 or the equity method of accounting
 and (3) remeasurement of the financial statements of a foreign reporting enterprise in a hyperinflationary economy.
              
 -Paragraph 5
 7-20
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 4
 11-23
 26
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 7-18
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 6-34
 43
 47
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 bases of stating inventories (for example
 lower of cost or market)
 methods by which amounts are added and removed from inventory classes (for example
 FIFO
 LIFO
 or average cost)
 loss recognition on impairment of inventories
 and situations in which inventories are stated above cost. If inventory is carried at cost
 this disclosure includes the nature of the cost elements included in inventory.
              
 -Subparagraph i
 -Paragraph 3
 5-10
 15
 16
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 plant and equipment which may include the basis of such assets
 depreciation methods used and estimated useful lives
 the entity's capitalization policy
 including its accounting treatment for costs incurred for repairs and maintenance activities
 whether such asset balances include capitalized interest and the method by which such is calculated
 how disposals of such assets are accounted for and how impairment of such assets is assessed and recognized.
              
 -Paragraph 12
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 8
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the policy for each material type of transaction is generally disclosed. If a sales transaction has multiple element arrangements (for example
 delivery of multiple products
 services or the rights to use assets) the disclosure may indicate the accounting policy for each unit of accounting as well as how units of accounting are determined and valued. The disclosure may encompass important judgment as to appropriateness of principles related to recognition of revenue. The disclosure also may indicate the entity's treatment of any unearned or deferred revenue that arises from the transaction.
              
 -Paragraph 8
 12
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including whether the costs are included in cost of sales or included in other income statement accounts. If shipping and handling fees are significant and are not included in cost of sales
 disclosure includes both the amounts of such costs and the line item on the income statement which includes such costs.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net realizable value)
 how the entity determines the level of its allowance for doubtful accounts
 when impairments
 charge-offs or recoveries are recognized
 and the entity's income recognition policies for such receivables
 including its treatment of related fees and costs
 its treatment of premiums
 discounts or unearned income
 when accrual of interest is discontinued
 how the entity records payments received on nonaccrual receivables and its policy for resuming accrual of interest on such receivables.  If the enterprise holds a large number of similar loans
 disclosure may include the accounting policy for the anticipation of prepayments and significant assumptions underlying prepayment estimates for amortization of premiums
 discounts
 and nonrefundable fees and costs.
              
 -Paragraph 3
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 11
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    













