

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001607062-15-000077
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		9
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20141231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20150227
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20150227
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Mojo Organics
 Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001414953
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CANNED
 FROZEN & PRESERVED FRUIT
 VEG & FOOD SPECIALTIES [2030]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55269
		FILM NUMBER:		15657452
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		101 HUDSON STREET
		STREET 2:		21ST FLOOR
		CITY:			JERSEY CITY
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07302
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(201) 633-6519
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		101 HUDSON STREET
		STREET 2:		21ST FLOOR
		CITY:			JERSEY CITY
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07302
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Mojo Ventures
 Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20110518
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Mojo Ventures
 Inc
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20110506
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Mojo Ventures
 Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20110506









     





    

    



WASHINGTON
 D.C. 20549



    




    





    
    
    


 December 31
 2014





    
    
    


For the transition period from _______________
to _______________





MOJO Organics
 Inc.

    




    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    




101 Hudson Street
 21st Floor
    
    

Jersey City
 New Jersey
    
    

    
        
        
    
    



201 633 6519


the Act:



 $0.001 par value per share&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;


a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.&nbsp;&nbsp;
&#9744;



not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act.
&#9744;



(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the preceding past 12 months (or
for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
 and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;No&nbsp;



has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site
 if any
 every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (&sect;232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;No&nbsp;



filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein
 and will not be contained
 to the best of registrant's knowledge
in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this
Form 10-K.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;


is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of the &#8220;large accelerated
filer
&#8221; &#8220;accelerated filer
&#8221; and &#8220;smaller reporting company&#8221; in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act:



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    



is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).&nbsp;
&#9744;



 2014 (the last day of the registrant&#8217;s
most recently completed second fiscal quarter)
 the aggregate market value of the registrant&#8217;s common stock (based on its
reported last sale price on such date of $0.65 per share) held by non-affiliates of the registrant was $5
531
142.


 2015
 there were 16
907


 par value $0.001
 issued and outstanding.

























    



    







    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
Market for Registrant&#8217;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
Exhibits
 Financial Statement Schedules
    

    
    
    

    
    
    




















    





Such forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties
 including
 among other things
 statements regarding our business
strategy
 future revenues and anticipated costs and expenses. Such forward-looking statements include
 among others
 those statements
using words such as &#8220;expects
&#8221; &#8220;anticipates
&#8221; &#8220;intends
&#8221; &#8220;believes&#8221; and similar
language.


in these forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions
 there are a number of risks and uncertainties that could
cause actual results to differ materially from such forward-looking statements.&nbsp;&nbsp;Factors that might cause or contribute
to such differences include
 but are not limited to
 those discussed in the sections &#8220;Business&#8221; and &#8220;Management&#8217;s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.&#8221; You are cautioned not to place undue reliance
on the forward-looking statements
 which speak only as of the date of this report. We undertake no obligation to publicly release
any revisions to the forward-looking statements or reflect events or circumstances after the date of this document.


10-K to &#8220;MOJO
&#8221; &#8220;MOJO Organics
&#8221; the &#8220;Company
&#8221; &#8220;we
&#8221; &#8220;us&#8221; or &#8220;our&#8221;
mean MOJO Organics
 Inc.





































    









 New Jersey
 the
Company engages in product development
 production
 marketing and distribution of emerging beverage brands that are natural
 USDA
Organic
 non-genetically modified and certified by the Rainforest Alliance. Currently
 the Company is producing CHIQUITA TROPICALS&#8482;.&nbsp;CHIQUITA
TROPICALS&#8482; are 100% fruit juices produced under license agreement from Chiquita Brands L.L.C.
 a wholly owned subsidiary
of Chiquita Brands International
 Inc. (&#8220;CBII&#8221;).&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;The Company currently produces four flavors: Banana
Strawberry
 Mango
 Passion Fruit and Pineapple.


practices. We are proud to use Rainforest Alliance Certified fruits
 which help the farmers and their families while being environmentally
socially and economically sustainable.






 2014
 our products were
available in more than 800 retail outlets in 15 states. We seek to grow market share for our products by establishing and expanding
our distribution network through the relationships and efforts of our management and the establishment of third party distribution
relationships
 including relationships with food brokers.


and the use of the Chiquita name on our products is important to some consumers. The License Agreement with CBII provides for minimum
sale volume requirements for each six month contract period. CBII may terminate the License Agreement should the Company fail to
meet its minimum sales volume for any two consecutive contract periods. The Company did not meet its minimum unit sale volume requirement
during the contract periods ended December 31
 2014
 June 30
 2014 and December 31
 2013 by a shortfall of 99%
 99% and 97%
 respectively
of the required minimum unit sales. CBII is aware of the Company not meeting these requirements and has informed the Company that
it will not elect to terminate the License Agreement at this time. CBII will evaluate the relationship at the end of the next six
month period. In the event the license agreement is terminated or not renewed at the end of its initial term
 we would no longer
be able to produce and market Chiquita branded juice products. While we would be able to produce juice products under our own name
MOJO Organics
 using our own suppliers and manufacturers
 in the event of a termination of our relationship with CBII
 the inherent
marketing and distribution value of the MOJO Organics brand related to the Chiquita brand would be lost. We could also incur various
expenses in rebranding our products. The loss of the CBII relationship could also harm our existing distributor relationships and
make it more difficult to secure additional distribution relationships
 and is it very likely that our business operations
 product
salability
 financial condition and financial performance would be materially and adversely effected
 at least in the short term.














    





that we use with our distributors. This agreement provides for an initial term of one year
 with automatic renewals for additional
one year periods unless terminated after the initial one year term upon 60 days prior written notice by the Company. The standard
distribution agreement provides the distributors with the right to distribute the Company&#8217;s products in the United States.
Certain distributors have been awarded exclusive territories under their distribution agreements. The agreements contemplate the
setting of minimum purchase levels by the distributors in amounts to be mutually agreed upon by the parties. In some cases
 minimums
have not been set; in other cases
 minimum purchase commitments per territory range from 2
500 to 5
000 cases of product in the
first year of distribution and increase yearly. Some of the agreements provide for certain allocations of marketing expenses between
the Company and the distributors
 with sales incentives and discounts shared on a 50/50 basis. Purchases are made under the agreements
pursuant to purchase orders from time to time and on an order by order basis; the price paid by the distributor is as agreed to
by the parties.




from multiple sources on a contract basis.&nbsp;&nbsp;Our juice comes primarily from CBII.&nbsp;&nbsp; The Company believes that
its fruit sources are of high quality and are an important part of the overall taste and quality of its products. &nbsp;The Company
believes that adequate alternate suppliers exist in the event that one or more sources are unable or unwilling to provide The Company
with the fruit and ingredients needed to meet production demand. The Company has identified alternative sources of supply.


its CHIQUITA TROPICALS&#8482; products using production facilities and other services on a contract basis.&nbsp;&nbsp;We use a
contract toll filler at the current time to bottle and package our juice. Our contract filler uses flash pasteurization and aseptic
technology to fill and package our products
 which allows our products to be stored and transported without refrigeration before
opening. The Company does not have a term agreement in place with the third-party facility that produces and bottles its products.
The Company engages the facility on an order-by-order basis.


and packaging arrangements are adequate for current and near-term anticipated demand for its products.&nbsp;&nbsp;An important
part of the Company&#8217;s overall strategy
 however
 will be the expansion of production capabilities and resources.




 2012
 the Company entered into
a license agreement with CBII (the &#8220;License Agreement&#8221;) for the use of CBII&#8217;s marks in the manufacture
 sale
promotion
 marketing
 advertising and distribution of certain fruit juice products in select containers.&nbsp;&nbsp;The License
Agreement grants the Company an exclusive license in Connecticut
 New Jersey and New York and a non-exclusive license for all of
the states in the United States not included in the exclusive license
 plus
 El Salvador
 Guatemala
 Honduras and Nicaragua.&nbsp;&nbsp;


years from&nbsp;July 2013
 (the date we first invoiced customers for products sold under the License Agreement). The License Agreement
provides for royalty payments for each six month contract period. CBII may terminate the License Agreement should the Company fail
to meet its minimum sales volume requirements for any two consecutive contract periods. As further described in this annual report
in the section entitled &#8220;Management&#8217;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
 --
Results of Operations
&#8221; the Company did not meet its minimum sales volume requirements during the contract periods ended
December 31
 2014
 June 30
 2014 and December 31
 2013. CBII is aware of the Company not meeting these requirements and has informed
the Company that it will not elect to terminate the License Agreement at this time.







    




in our market compete for brand recognition
 ingredient sourcing
 qualified personnel and product shelf space.&nbsp;&nbsp;As a
developing company
 a majority of our competitors are more established and better capitalized than us.&nbsp;&nbsp;The beverage
market is generally dominated by the largest beverage providers.&nbsp;Many of our competitors enjoy significant brand recognition
and consumer confidence and are able to readily secure shelf space and media attention for their products.&nbsp;&nbsp;Many of our
competitors also have existing relationships with the same distribution channels and retailers through which we sell our products.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;We
intend to compete in the market by offering consumers affordable products that taste better and possess a longer shelf life than
most products in the market.




and Drug Administration.&nbsp;&nbsp;As such
 it is necessary for the Company to establish
 maintain and make available for inspection
records as well as to develop labels (including nutrition information) that meet legal food labeling requirements.&nbsp;&nbsp;The
Company&#8217;s contracted production facility is subject to many regulations
 including Food Facility Registration
 recordkeeping
Good Manufacturing Practice Requirements
 reporting
 preventive controls and inspections. We rely on this third party to comply
with these regulations when producing our products.




 2015 the Company had three
full-time employees.&nbsp;&nbsp;The Company mitigates the need for additional employees by using the services of contractors
 consultants
and other third-parties. We contract with food brokers to represent CHIQUITA TROPICALS&#8482; to retail stores nationally
 and
in certain regions of the United States
 utilize the services of direct sales and distribution companies that sell our products
in their distribution channels. This mitigates the need for a large sales and merchandising force.&nbsp;&nbsp;We use a third-party
facility to produce our juice and we outsource the storage and transportation of our finished goods and raw materials to public
warehouses and common carriers. &nbsp;




stock split (&#8220;Reverse Split&#8221;) of the issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock on April 1
 2013. The number of
authorized shares and the par value of our Common Stock were not changed. All share references in this report have been restated
to reflect the Reverse Split.


 the Company sold an aggregate
of 2
016
484 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock pursuant to subscription agreements in two concurrent offerings entered
into with accredited investors. In the first offering
 investors purchased an aggregate of 917
583 shares of common stock and immediately
exercisable five-year warrants to purchase an aggregate of 917
583 shares of common stock with an exercise price of $0.91 per share.
The Company received $835
000 from the first offering. In the second offering
 one investor purchased 1
098
901 shares of common
stock for $1
000
000 (or approximately $0.91 per share).


 2014
 the Company filed an S-1 Registration
Statement (the &quot;Registration Statement&quot;) with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the &#8220;SEC&#8221;) registering
for resale by the Company's selling stockholders an aggregate of 2
934
067 shares of common stock
 par value $0.0001 per share
including 917
583 shares issuable upon the exercise of outstanding warrants
 at a maximum offering price per share of $0.576 and
a maximum offering price of $1
690
022.59. The Registration Statement was declared effective by the SEC on October 29
 2014.








    




You should carefully consider the risk factors described below as well as the other information contained in this annual report
before buying shares of our common stock. If any of the following risks or uncertainties occurs
 our business
 financial condition
and operating results could be materially and adversely affected. As a result
 the trading price of our common stock could decline
and you may lose all or a part of your investment in our common stock. You should carefully consider all of the risks described
below regarding the Company and its subsidiaries. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently
deem immaterial also may materially and adversely affect our business operations.



We may not be successful in implementing our strategic priorities
which may have a material adverse impact on our business and financial results.


are dependent on third party suppliers and manufacturers for the ingredients comprising our products and for product production.&nbsp;&nbsp;
We will need to adopt and implement a strategic plan to increase awareness of our products
 secure distribution channels
 and foster
and strengthen our supply
 manufacturing and distribution relationships.&nbsp;&nbsp;It is likely our strategic priorities will
need to evolve over time and our business would be materially and adversely effected if we do not properly adapt our strategies
to our changing needs and changes in the market.&nbsp;&nbsp;There can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully implement
our strategic priorities or whether these strategic priorities will be successful
 and any failure to do so could impede our growth
and operating results.

have a history of net losses and will likely
continue to incur losses in the near future.


 2014 and 2013
 we had revenues
of only $324
394 and $159
144
 respectively. We have incurred net losses during the past two years and have only recently started
to generate revenues from the commercial sales of our products.&nbsp;&nbsp;We will likely continue to incur net losses in the near
term and will continue to generate net losses if we cannot secure and expand adequate distribution channels for our products.&nbsp;&nbsp;Accordingly
we cannot assure you that we will ever achieve profitability
 or
 if we should achieve profitability
 that we would be able to
sustain profitability.

We will need additional capital in the future to meet our financial
obligations and to pursue our business objectives
 which may not be available on favorable terms
 or at all.


and continue our planned growth and we will need to raise additional capital.&nbsp;&nbsp;Additional capital may not be available
on favorable terms
 if at all. If adequate capital is not available on acceptable terms
 we may be unable to fund our operations
and the expansion of our marketing and sales efforts
 which could harm our business and results of operations.&nbsp;&nbsp;Financing
if any
 may be in the form of debt or additional sales of equity securities
 including common or preferred stock.&nbsp;&nbsp;The
incurrence of debt or the sale of preferred stock may result in the imposition of operational limitations and other covenants and
payment obligations
 any of which may be burdensome to us. The sale of equity securities
 including common or preferred stock
may result in dilution to the current shareholders&#8217; ownership.












    

Our business is largely predicated on our relationship with CBII
and an adverse change in this relationship could materially and adversely affect our business.


with CBII.&nbsp;The License Agreement provides for minimum sales volume requirements for each six month contract period. CBII may
terminate the License Agreement should the Company fail to meet its minimum sales volume requirements for any two consecutive contract
periods. The Company did not meet its minimum sales volume requirements during the six month periods ended December 31
 2014
 June
30
 2014 and December 31
 2013. &nbsp;CBII is aware of the Company not meeting these requirements and has informed the Company
that it will not elect to terminate the License Agreement at this time. CBII will evaluate the relationship at the end of the next
six month period. In the event the license agreement is terminated or not renewed at the end of its initial term
 we would no longer
be able to produce and market our CBII branded juice products.&nbsp;&nbsp;While we would be able to produce juice products under
our own name
 MOJO Organics
 using our own suppliers and manufacturers
 in the event of a termination of our relationship with
CBII
 the inherent marketing and distribution value of the MOJO Organics brand related to the Chiquita brand would be lost and
is it very likely that our business operations
 product salability and financial performance would be materially and adversely
effected
 at least in the short term.

The challenges of competing with many well-established beverage
companies businesses may result in reductions in our revenue and operating margins.


 including those marketing
juice products
 soft drinks and waters
 on the basis of taste
 quality
 price and overall consumer experience. Our success will
depend on our ability to secure distribution channels for our products
 our ability to make consumers aware of our products and
the general appeal and popularity of our products in the marketplace. Our competitors or potential competitors have substantially
greater financial and other resources than we do
 which may allow them to secure more robust distribution channels and to react
to changes in the market quicker than we can. In addition
 aggressive or subsidized pricing by our competitors or the entrance
of new products into our markets
 could reduce demand for our products
 which would adversely affect our business and financial
performance.




by effecting the supply and cost of the ingredients used in our products.&nbsp;&nbsp;For example
 a poor growing season in any
of the geographic regions from which we source the fruit used in the production of our juices would likely increase the cost we
pay for such fruit and
 in severe circumstances
 could eliminate the supply entirely.&nbsp;&nbsp;The potential impact of adverse
climate conditions is impossible to predict and could have a material adverse impact on our business.

Competing demand and regional politics and economics affect our
supply costs
 which could adversely affect our operating results.


the various ingredients used in our products can be affected by a variety of factors beyond regional weather
 including the general
demand by other product producers for the same fruits used by us in our products
 and politics and economics in the regions in
which our fruits are produced.&nbsp;&nbsp;These factors may subject us to shortages or interruptions in product supplies
 which
could adversely affect our business. In addition
 the quality of fruit we seek tends to trade on a negotiated basis
 depending
on supply and demand at the time of the purchase. An increase in pricing of any fruit that we use in our products could have a
significant adverse effect on our margins. In addition
 higher diesel and gasoline prices may affect the cost of transporting our
supply
 thereby increasing costs to us. Although we attempt to mitigate the risks of volatile commodity prices and allow greater
predictability in pricing by entering into fixed price or to-be-fixed priced purchase commitments for a portion of our supply requirements
we cannot assure you that these activities will be successful or that they will not result in our paying substantially more for
our fruit supply than would have been required absent such activities. Declines in sales may also adversely affect our business
to the extent we have long-term purchase commitments in excess of our needs.



    

We have very limited internal distribution and marketing capabilities
and are only in the early stages of building our distribution network.


 we will need to establish relationships
with numerous retail outlets through which our beverages can be sold.&nbsp;&nbsp;While our products have been introduced into numerous
retail stores
 to date
 we have entered into only a limited number of relationships with distributors and retail outlets for the
sale of our products and have only recently started to generate revenues through sales.&nbsp;&nbsp;We have limited internal marketing
and distribution capabilities and resources.&nbsp;&nbsp; There can be no assurance that we will be successful in establishing a
distribution network or that if the same is established that such network will result in profitable sales of our products.

We use a third party bottler for the production and bottling
of our products and
 as such
 are subject to such bottler&#8217;s production and quality control capabilities.


our products.&nbsp;&nbsp;While we play an active role in the production of our products
 general supervision of the production
process lies with the third party bottler.&nbsp;&nbsp;Accordingly
 we are largely dependent on the bottler and its ability to meet
production demands and to monitor and ensure product quality.&nbsp;&nbsp;A failure of our bottler to produce our products in the
capacity or to the standards required could materially and adversely affect our business.&nbsp;&nbsp;While there are alternative
bottlers in the event of a termination of our relationship with our current bottler for any reason
 the movement of production
to an alternative bottler would require significant time and expenditures to identify an adequate alternative bottler
 negotiate
the terms of our relationship with such alternative bottler and for machine retooling
 implementation of production and capping
sizes and technology and product recipe transfer.&nbsp;&nbsp;In the event we are required to move production to a new third party
bottler
 our business could experience disruption and our business and financial condition could be adversely effected.

We may not be able to adequately protect our intellectual property
which could harm the value of our brand and adversely affect our business.


Our ability to implement our business plan successfully depends in part on our ability to build further brand recognition using
our trademarks
 service marks
 trade dress and other proprietary intellectual property. If we fail to properly protect our intellectual
property
 or if any third party misappropriates or infringes on our intellectual property
 the value of our brand may be harmed
which could have a material adverse effect on our business. While we have not encountered claims from prior users of intellectual
property relating to our products
 there can be no assurances that we will not encounter such claims. If so
 this could harm our
image
 brands or competitive position and cause us to incur significant penalties and costs.

Our business and results may be subject to disruption from work
stoppages
 terrorism or natural disasters.


be subject to disruption for a variety of&nbsp;reasons
 including work stoppages
 acts of war
 terrorism
 pandemics
 fire
 earthquake
flooding or other natural disasters. These disruptions can result in
 among other things
 lost sales when consumers stay home or
are physically prevented from reaching stores
 property damage
 lost sales when stores are forced to close for extended periods
of time and interruptions in supply when suppliers suffer damages or transportation is affected.
The unexpected loss of our chief executive officer or an
inability to identify and secure qualified personnel as needed could adversely affect our business.


and abilities of Glenn Simpson
 our chief executive officer.&nbsp;&nbsp;Our chief executive officer is currently responsible for
the implementation of our operational strategies and priorities and the steps necessary to drive our growth.&nbsp;&nbsp;While we
have entered into an employment agreement with our chief executive officer
 we cannot make any assurances that we can retain his
services for the period necessary for us to achieve and sustain profitability.





    


 any failure to recruit
 retain
and motivate qualified additional personnel as necessary to implement our strategic priorities could adversely affect our business
and results of operations. Competition for personnel in our industry is strong and the ability to hire and retain key employees
can be difficult.

Litigation and publicity concerning food quality
 health claims
and other issues can result in liabilities
 increased expenses
 distraction of management
 and can also cause customers to avoid
our products
 which could adversely affect our results of operations
 business and financial condition.


and complaints from customers or government authorities resulting from food quality
 health claims
 allergens
 illness
 injury
or other health concerns or operating issues stemming from one or more products. Adverse publicity about these allegations may
negatively affect us
 regardless of whether the allegations are true
 by discouraging customers from buying our products.&nbsp;&nbsp;In
addition
 the food services industry has been subject to a growing number of claims based on the nutritional content of food products
they sell
 and disclosure and advertising practices. We may also be subject to this type of proceeding in the future and
 even
if not
 publicity about these matters may harm our reputation or prospects and adversely affect our results.&nbsp;&nbsp;Due to
the inherent uncertainties of litigation and regulatory proceedings
 we cannot accurately predict the ultimate outcome of any such
proceedings. An unfavorable outcome could have a material adverse impact on our business
 financial condition and results of operations.
In addition
 regardless of the outcome of any litigation or regulatory proceedings
 these proceedings could result in substantial
costs and may require that we devote substantial resources to defend our company and could affect the future premiums we would
be required to pay on our insurance policies. Further
 changes in governmental regulations could have adverse effects on our business
and subject us to additional regulatory actions.

Food safety concerns and instances of food-borne illnesses could
harm our customers
 result in negative publicity and cause the temporary closure of some stores and
 in some cases
 could adversely
affect the price and availability of fruits and vegetables
 any of which could harm our brand reputation
 result in a decline in
revenue or an increase in costs.


that our customers enjoy high-quality
 safe and wholesome products. However
 we cannot guarantee that our internal controls (or
the controls of our suppliers and bottler) will be fully effective in preventing all food-borne illnesses.&nbsp;&nbsp;Our reliance
on third-party suppliers
 bottlers and distributors increases the risk that food-borne illness incidents (such as E. coli
 hepatitis
A
 salmonella or listeria) could occur outside of our control. Instances of food-borne illnesses
 whether real or perceived
 and
whether relating to our products or similar products of our competitors
 could harm customers and otherwise result in negative
publicity about us or the types of products we distribute
 which could adversely affect revenue.


caused by food contamination have in the past
 and could in the future
 adversely affect the price and availability of affected
ingredients and cause customers to shift their preferences
 particularly if we choose to pass any higher ingredient costs along
to consumers. As a result
 our costs may increase and our revenue may decline. A decrease in customer demand as a result of these
health concerns or negative publicity could materially and adversely impact our business
 financial condition and results of operations.

Failure of the Company&#8217;s internal control over financial
reporting could harm its business and financial results.


internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is a process to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States. Internal control over financial reporting includes: (i) maintaining reasonably detailed records that accurately
and fairly reflect our transactions; and (ii) providing reasonable assurance that we (a) record transactions as necessary to prepare
the financial statements
 (b) make receipts and expenditures in accordance with management authorizations
 and (c) would timely
prevent or detect any unauthorized acquisition
 use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial
statements.


    


 internal control over financial
reporting is not intended to provide absolute assurance that we would prevent or detect a misstatement of our financial statements
or fraud. Any failure to maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting could limit our ability to report
our financial results accurately and timely or to detect and prevent fraud. A significant financial reporting failure could cause
an immediate loss of investor confidence in us and a sharp decline in the market price of our common stock.



There is a limited trading market for our common stock and we
cannot ensure that a more liquid market will ever develop or be sustained.


We cannot predict how liquid the market for our common stock might become. Our common stock is quoted for trading on the OTCQB
Marketplace. It is a requirement of the OTCQB that issuers quoted thereon be current in their Exchange Act reporting. If not current
an issuer&#8217;s stock may be removed from quotation on the OTCQB and quoted instead on the OTC Pink&reg; Marketplace. Our common
stock began trading on the OTCQB on April 2
 2013. While we may elect in the future to seek listing of our common stock on the
NYSE
 the NYSE MKT
 The Nasdaq Capital Market or other national securities exchange
 we may not ever be able to satisfy the initial
listing standards for such exchange. We currently do not satisfy the initial listing standards
 and cannot ensure that we will
be able to satisfy such listing standards.&nbsp;&nbsp;We cannot assure you that we will elect to apply to list our common stock
or that if we do apply
 that our common stock will be accepted
 for listing on any such exchange. Should we fail to satisfy the
initial listing standards of such exchanges
 or our common stock is otherwise rejected for listing and remain quoted on the OTCQB
Marketplace or suspended from the OTCQB Marketplace
 the trading price of our common stock could suffer and the trading market
for our common stock may be less liquid and our common stock price may be subject to increased volatility.&nbsp;&nbsp;Furthermore
for companies whose securities are traded in the OTCQB Marketplace
 it is more difficult (1) to obtain accurate quotations
 (2)
to obtain coverage for significant news events because major wire services generally do not publish press releases about such companies
and (3) to obtain needed capital.

Because our directors and executive officers
 as a group
 own
a significant portion of our outstanding common shares
 they can exert significant influence over our business and affairs and
have actual or potential interests that may depart from our shareholders.


 as a group
 currently beneficially
own approximately 53.8% of our outstanding shares of common stock. As a result
 in addition to their board seats and offices
 such
persons will have significant influence over certain corporate actions requiring stockholder approval
 including the following
actions:

&nbsp;&nbsp;
to elect or defeat the election of our directors;

&nbsp;&nbsp;
to amend or prevent amendment of our certificate of incorporation or bylaws;

&nbsp;&nbsp;
to effect or prevent a merger
 sale of assets or other corporate transaction; and

&nbsp;&nbsp;
to control the outcome of any other matter submitted to our stockholders for vote.


potential acquirer from making a tender offer or otherwise attempting to obtain control of our company
 which in turn could reduce
our stock price or prevent our stockholders from realizing a premium over our stock price.








    

Our certificate of incorporation allows for our board to create
new series of preferred stock without further approval by our stockholders
 which could adversely affect the rights of the holders
of our common stock.


relative rights and preferences of preferred stock. Our board of directors also has the authority to issue preferred stock without
further stockholder approval. As a result
 our board of directors could authorize the issuance of a series of preferred stock that
would grant to holders the preferred right to our assets upon liquidation
 the right to receive dividend payments before dividends
are distributed to the holders of common stock and the right to the redemption of the shares
 together with a premium
 prior to
the redemption of our common stock. In addition
 our board of directors could authorize the issuance of a series of preferred stock
that has greater voting power than our common stock or that is convertible into our common stock
 which could decrease the relative
voting power of our common stock or result in dilution to our existing stockholders.

Future sales of our common stock in the public market could cause
our share price to decline.


 2014
 we registered for resale on a Form S-1 Registration
Statement an aggregate of 2
934
067 shares of common stock on the prospectus of which the registration statement formed a part.&nbsp;&nbsp;Sales
of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market
 or the perception that these sales might occur
 could
depress the market price of our common stock and could impair our ability to raise capital through the sale of additional equity
securities.

Possible additional issuances will cause
dilution.


907
396 shares of common stock
options to purchase a total of 210
000 shares of common stock at $2.07 per share
 options to purchase a total of 620
000 shares
of common stock at $0.255 per share and warrants to purchase a total of 1
114
776 shares of common stock at $0.91 per share. We
are authorized to issue up to 190
000
000 shares of common stock and are therefore able to issue additional shares without being
required under corporate law to obtain shareholder approval. If we issue additional shares
 or if our warrant holders exercise
their outstanding warrants
 our other shareholders may find their holdings drastically diluted
 which if it occurs
 means that
they will own a smaller percentage of our company.

The requirements of being a public company may strain our resources
divert management&#8217;s attention and affect our ability to attract and retain qualified board members.


 we are subject to the requirements of the Exchange
Act
 the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
 the Dodd-Frank Act and other applicable securities rules and regulations.&nbsp;&nbsp;Compliance with
these rules and regulations is sometimes time-consuming and costly
 increases demand on our limited resources and causes us to
incur significant legal
 accounting and other expenses. The Exchange Act requires
 among other things
 that we file annual
 quarterly
and current reports with respect to our business and operating results. In addition
 the Company&#8217;s common stock is quoted
on the OTCQB
 which requires that issuers quoted thereon not be delinquent in their Exchange Act reporting. Although we have voluntarily
filed Exchange Act reports in the past
 we have historically had difficultly timely compiling the information necessary for such
reports given our limited accounting staff and resources. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act
 as well as rules subsequently implemented by
the SEC and the national securities exchanges
 establishes certain requirements for the corporate governance practices of public
companies. For example
 public companies are required to maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control
over financial reporting. As a reporting company under the Exchange Act
 our ability to timely file our Exchange Act reports as
and when required will be part of the evaluation of our internal controls and procedures. In order to maintain and
 if required
improve our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting to meet this standard
 significant
resources and management oversight may be required. As a result
 management&#8217;s attention may be diverted from other business
concerns
 which could harm our business and operating results.






    


 pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
we are required to furnish a report by management on
 among other things
 the effectiveness of our internal control over financial
reporting as of each fiscal year end. If we are unable to assert that our internal control over financial reporting is effective
we could lose investor confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports
 which would cause the price of our
common stock to decline. Because we are a smaller reporting company
 our independent auditor will not be required to issue an attestation
report regarding our internal control over financial reporting in the annual reports that we file with the SEC on Form 10-K. We
will remain a smaller reporting company as long as the market value of our securities held by non-affiliates is below $75 million.

We do not intend to pay dividends for the foreseeable future
and as a result your ability to achieve a return on your investment will depend on appreciation in the price of our common stock.


in the foreseeable future. We anticipate that we will retain all of our future earnings for use in the development of our business
and for general corporate purposes. Any determination to pay dividends in the future will be at the discretion of our board of
directors. Accordingly
 investors must rely on sales of their common stock after price appreciation
 which may never occur
 as
the only way to realize any future gains on their investments.

ITEM 1B.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;UNRESOLVED STAFF
COMMENTS






City
 New Jersey.&nbsp;&nbsp;The Company leases the space from a third-party pursuant to a lease agreement dated February 11
 2014
at a current rate of $1
147 per month. This agreement will terminate on April 30
 2015.




pending or
 to our knowledge
 threatened
 to which we are a party.

























    



ITEM 5.&nbsp;&nbsp;MARKET FOR REGISTRANT&#8217;S
COMMON EQUITY
 RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES


quoted on the OTCQB under the symbol &#8220;MOJO.&#8221;


 2013 to December
31
 2014
 the following table sets forth the high and low closing bid prices by quarter
 based upon information obtained from inter-dealer
quotations without retail markup
 markdown
 or commission and may not necessarily represent actual transactions:



    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



April 2013.&nbsp;&nbsp;All of the share prices in the above table have been adjusted to reflect this 1-for-10 transaction.




 2015
 there were 16
907
396
shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding held by 110 shareholders of record.





with respect to its Common Stock. Future payment of dividends is within the discretion of the Board of Directors and will depend
on earnings
 capital requirements
 financial condition and other relevant factors. Although there are no material restrictions
limiting
 or that are likely to limit
 the Company&#8217;s ability to pay dividends on its Common Stock
 the Company presently
intends to retain future earnings
 if any
 for use in the business and has no present intention to pay cash dividends on its Common
Stock.


Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities
Use of Proceeds from Registered Securities


during the quarter ended December 31
 2014.





during the quarter ended December 31
 2014.





    




31
 2014 with respect to our equity compensation plans that provide for the issuance of options
 warrants or rights to purchase
our securities.



    
    

        
        
of outstanding options

        
    
    

        
price of outstanding options

        
    
    

        
        
        
        
        
    

    
    
    
830
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
146
559
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
830
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
146
559
    




 2013
 the 2012 plan was adopted
by the Board of Directors
 subject to stockholder approval.&nbsp;Our stockholders approved the 2012 plan on March 29
 2013.&nbsp;The
2012 plan provides the Company with the ability to issue stock options
 stock appreciation rights
 restricted stock and/or other
stock-based awards for up to an aggregate of 2
050
000 shares of common stock.&nbsp;&nbsp;As of December 31
 2014
 (i) stock options
to purchase 830
000 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock and (ii) 1
073
441 shares of restricted common stock had been issued
to directors and employees under the 2012 plan.


ITEM 6.&nbsp;&nbsp;SELECTED FINANCIAL
DATA




ITEM 7.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;MANAGEMENT&#8217;S
DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS


of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (&#8220;MD&amp;A&#8221;) is provided in addition to the accompanying financial
statements and notes to assist readers in understanding our results of operations
 financial condition and cash flows. MD&amp;A
is organized as follows:




    
    
    




    
    
Results of Operations &#8212; Analysis of our financial results comparing the year ended December 31
 2014 to 2013. 




    
    
Liquidity and Capital Resources &#8212; Analysis of changes in our cash flows
 and discussion of our financial condition and potential sources of liquidity.







    

This report includes a number of forward looking statements that
reflect our current views with respect to future events and financial performance.&nbsp;&nbsp;Forward looking statements are often
identified by words like: believe
 expect
 estimate
 anticipate
 intend
 project and similar expressions
 or words which
 by their
nature
 refer to future events.&nbsp;&nbsp;You should not place undue certainty on these forward looking statements
 which apply
only as of the date of this annual report.&nbsp;&nbsp;These forward looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties
that could cause actual results to differ materially from historical results or our predictions.




conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
 which requires management to make significant judgments
and estimates that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at
the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of expenses during the reporting period. We base these significant
judgments and estimates on historical experience and other applicable assumptions we believe to be reasonable based upon information
presently available. These estimates may change as new events occur
 as additional information is obtained and as our operating
environment changes. These changes have historically been minor and have been included in the financial statements as soon as they
became known. Actual results could materially differ from our estimates under different assumptions
 judgments or conditions.


are discussed in Note 2
 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
 to our financial statements
 included elsewhere in this Annual
Report. We have identified the following as our critical accounting policies and estimates
 which are defined as those that are
reflective of significant judgments and uncertainties
 are the most pervasive and important to the presentation of our financial
condition and results of operations and could potentially result in materially different results under different assumptions
 judgments
or conditions.


policies reflect our more significant estimates and assumptions used in the preparation of our financial statements:

&nbsp;&#8212;
The financial statements are prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (&quot;GAAP&quot;).
Management is required to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date
of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could
differ from those estimates.

&nbsp;&#8212;
ASC Topic 718
&#8221; prescribes accounting and reporting standards for all
stock-based compensation plans
 including employee stock options
 restricted stock
 employee stock purchase plans and stock appreciation
rights.


expense to be recorded using the fair value method. The Company accounts for employee stock based compensation in accordance with
the provisions of ASC Topic 718. For non-employee options and warrants
 the company uses the fair value method as prescribed in
ASC Topic 718.&nbsp;


stock-based compensation requires the input of subjective assumptions
 including the expected life of the stock-based payment and
stock price volatility. The Company uses the Black-Scholes option-pricing option model to value its stock option awards which incorporate
the Company&#8217;s stock price
 volatility
 U.S. risk-free rate
 dividend rate
 and estimated life.

&nbsp;&#8212;
Our short-term financial instruments
 including cash
 accounts payable and other liabilities
 consist primarily of instruments
without extended maturities. We believe that the fair values of our current assets and current liabilities approximate their reported
carrying amounts.






    




the FASB (including its Emerging Issues Task Force)
 the AICPA
 and the SEC
 did not
 or are not believed by management
 to have
a material impact on the Company's present or future financial statements.



Years Ended December 31
 2014 and 2013 




 2014
 the
Company reported revenue of $324
394. Sales were primarily comprised of orders from distributors
 direct accounts and direct sales
distributors (&#8220;DSDs&#8221;). Sales to distributors
 direct accounts and DSDs amounted to approximately 43%
 30% and 23% of
total revenue
 respectively. The Company has exclusive agreements with several DSDs that cover certain geographical areas. There
are no contracts with our other customers.


 2013
were $159
144. Two distributors covered the New York tri-state area and accounted for 98% of our sales in the 2013 fiscal year.
The Company has agreements with both of these distributors in the form of the Company&#8217;s standard distribution agreement.
This form agreement provides for an initial term of one year
 with automatic renewals for additional one year periods unless terminated
after the initial one year term upon 60 days prior written notice by the Company. The standard distribution agreement provides
the distributors with the nonexclusive right to distribute the Company&#8217;s products in the United States. These agreements
contemplate the setting of minimum purchase levels by the distributors in amounts to be mutually agreed upon by the parties. In
some cases minimums have not been sent
 in some cases minimum purchase commitments per territory range from 2
500 to 5
000 cases
of product in the first year of distribution
 and increase yearly. The agreements provide for certain allocations of marketing
expenses between the Company and the distributors
 with sales incentives and discounts shared on a 50/50 basis. Purchases are made
under the agreements pursuant to purchase orders from time to time and on an order by order basis; the price paid by the distributor
is as agreed to by the parties and is
 historically
 at a substantial discount to retail. Payment by the distributors is due within
30 days of receipt of the products. The distributors are not permitted to sell competing products during the terms of the agreement
or for a period of six months after termination thereof and are not permitted to sell any product licensed from CBII during the
term of the agreement or for a period of two years thereafter.


31
 2014 and 2013 were derived from the sale of products under the License Agreement. The License Agreement with CBII provides
for minimum sale volume requirements for each six month contract period. CBII may terminate the License Agreement should the Company
fail to meet its minimum sales volume for any two consecutive contract periods. The Company did not meet its minimum sale volume
requirement during the contract periods ended December 31
 2014
 June 30
 2014 and December 31
 2013. CBII is aware of the Company
not meeting these requirements and has informed the Company that it will not elect to terminate the License Agreement at this time.
CBII will evaluate the relationship at the end of the next six month period.





raw material costs and consideration in the form of free product offered to certain customers.&nbsp;&nbsp;As a result
 cost of
revenues as a percentage of sales can vary from period to period. For the year ended December 31
 2014
 cost of revenues was $327
622
or 101% as a percentage of revenues
 compared to $139
741 or 88% as a percentage of revenues for the year ended December 31
 2013.





    




 2014
 operating
expenses were $5
212
431
 an increase of $2
420
670 or 87% over operating expenses for the year ended December 31
 2013 of $2
791
761.&nbsp;&nbsp;


and employees
 which consist of charges to income for vesting in connection with restricted stock issuances
 stock options and
warrants
 were $3
000
131 for the year ended December 30
 2014
 compared to $883
857 for the year ended December 31
 2013.&nbsp;&nbsp;This
increase of $2
116
272 represents 87% of the increase in total operating expenses.&nbsp;&nbsp;Although stock-based compensation
costs reduce the Company&#8217;s earnings
 they do not reduce cash and have no effect on working capital.


 promotional
 selling and licensing
fees were $909
905 for the year ended December 30
 2014
 compared to $381
718 during the year ended December 31
 2013.&nbsp;&nbsp;This
increase of $528
187 represents 22% of the total increase in operating costs and is primarily attributable to a full year of licensing
fees for 2014 compared to six months for 2013 as well as an increase in the licensing fees.


decrease in advisory fees and consulting fees
 which were primarily paid in Common Stock. Advisory fees and consulting fees were
$615
570 for the year ended December 31
 2014
 a decrease of $268
279 over advisory fees and consulting fees of $883
849 for the
year ended December 31
 2013.


 $3
588
201
and $1
948
710 consisted of non-cash charges to income for vesting in connection with stock related issuances for the years ended
December 31
 2014 and 2013
 respectively. This includes issuances to Directors
 employees
 consultants and advisors. These transactions
had no effect on cash
 cash flow or working capital. The charge to income is based upon the fair market value of the Common Stock
on the date of issuance. Restricted stock awarded on May 21
 2012 was based upon $1.30 per share and resulted in a charge to income
of $645
420 for the year ended December 31
 2014. Restricted stock issuances on December 4
 2013 were based upon a fair market
value of $2.15 per share and resulted in a charge to income of $1
199
135 for the year ended December 31
 2014. Restricted stock
awarded March 17
 2014 was based upon a fair market value of $1.30 per share and resulted in a charge to income of $437
397.






 2014
 the
Company received net cash proceeds of $1
819
832 from the sale of Common Stock and warrants to purchase Common Stock in concurrent
private placements consummated in March 2014.&nbsp;&nbsp;As of December 31
 2014
 the Company had working capital of $111
669.


facilities and outsources its logistics.&nbsp;&nbsp;These services are performed on an as-needed basis.&nbsp;&nbsp;There are no
minimum payments or contractual obligations associated with these services.




cash to fund the operations of the Company for the next twelve months.&nbsp;&nbsp;As a result
financing.&nbsp;&nbsp;The
Company cannot predict whether this additional financing will be in the form of equity or debt
 or be in another form. The Company
expects that any sale of additional equity securities or convertible debt will result in additional dilution to our stockholders.&nbsp;&nbsp;
In addition
 the Company may not be able to obtain additional debt or equity financing on terms acceptable to it
 or at all. If
the Company is not able to secure additional capital
 it could be required to delay paying its account payables or forego business
opportunities.&nbsp;






    


on our financial statements relating to the uncertainty of our business as a going concern
 due to our limited operating history
and our lack of historical profitability. The Company&#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon its ability
to successfully obtain and retain customers in order to achieve profitable operations. The accompanying financial statements do
not include any adjustments that might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern.




as of December 31
 2014.&nbsp;


ITEM 7A.&nbsp; QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE
DISCLOSURE ABOUT MARKET RISK






beginning immediately following the signature page to this report. See Item 15 for a list of the financial statements included
herein.

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH
ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE










without limitation
 controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by an issuer in the reports
that it files or submits under the Exchange Act of 1934 (the &#8220;Exchange Act&#8221;) is accumulated and communicated to the
issuer's management
 including its principal executive and principal financial officers
 or persons performing similar functions
as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. It should be noted that the design of any system of controls
is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events
 and there can be no assurance that any design
will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions
 regardless of how remote.


of the Company&#8217;s senior management
 consisting of the Company&#8217;s principal executive officer and financial officer and
the Company&#8217;s principal accounting officer
 the Company conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation
of its disclosure controls and procedures
 as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act as of the end of
the period covered by this report (the &#8220;Evaluation Date&#8221;). Based on this evaluation
 the Company&#8217;s principal
executive officer concluded
 as of the Evaluation Date
 that the Company&#8217;s disclosure controls and procedures were effective.

Management&#8217;s Annual Report on Internal
Control over Financial Reporting


 Inc. is responsible
for establishing and maintaining an adequate system of internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f)
under the Exchange Act. Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes of accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States. Because of its inherent limitations
 internal control over financial reporting may not
prevent or detect misstatements.


    


 even those systems determined to be effective can provide
only reasonable assurance of achieving their control objectives. In evaluating the effectiveness of our internal control over financial
reporting
 our management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO)
in Internal Control-Integrated Framework. Based on this evaluation
 our officers concluded that
 during the period covered by this
annual report
 our internal controls over financial reporting were operating effectively.


 the Company does not
have an audit committee and is not currently obligated to have one. Although it remains management&#8217;s view that such a committee
is an important internal control over financial reporting
 management does not believe that the lack of an audit committee could
result in a material misstatement in the Company&#8217;s financial statements in the near future. Accordingly
 management has concluded
that this deficiency alone does not constitute a material weakness in the Company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting
and has considered the foregoing in its determination that the Company&#8217;s internal controls over financial reporting and its
disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the Evaluation Date.




an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting
as such report is not required for non-accelerated filers.

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting


over financial reporting during the year ended December 31
 2014 that have materially affected
 or are reasonably likely to materially
affect
 our internal controls over financial reporting.
































    



ITEM 10.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; DIRECTORS
EXECUTIVE OFFICERS
 AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

Executive Officers
and Directors


regarding our current executive officers and directors:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
Chief Executive Officer
 Chairman and Director
    
October 27
 2011

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
Chief Operating Officer
 Director
    
March 17
 2014

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
January 27
 2012

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
Director
 Executive Vice President (October 1
 2012 &#8211; March 31
 2013)
    
May 9
 2012



annual meeting of stockholders and until their successors are elected and qualified. Biographical information of each current officer
and director is set forth below.

is Chairman of the Board
of Directors and Chief Executive Officer of the Company.&nbsp;&nbsp;Mr. Simpson joined the Company in October 2011.&nbsp;&nbsp;He
has extensive experience in the beverage industry. &nbsp;&nbsp;Mr. Simpson was Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Coca-Cola
Bottlers
 Inc. in Tashkent
 Uzbekistan from 1995 to 2000.&nbsp;&nbsp;His primary responsibilities included corporate strategy and
supervision of bottling and distribution operations.&nbsp;&nbsp;His accomplishments included growing revenues from a base at $5
million to over $160 million annually.&nbsp;&nbsp;The company was awarded &#8220;Bottler of the Year&#8221; by The Coca-Cola Company
for two consecutive years under his leadership based upon product quality and revenue growth.&nbsp;From 2009 to 2011
 Mr. Simpson
was engaged in beverage projects on a consulting basis in Russia and Afghanistan.&nbsp;&nbsp;Mr. Simpson is a Certified Public
Accountant and holds an MBA from Columbia University School of Business.

has served on the Board
of Directors of the Company since January 2012. Mr. Devlin has over 25 years of advertising and business development experience.&nbsp;&nbsp;Since
2002
 Mr. Devlin has been an Executive Producer and Partner of Original Films
 a film and television production company.&nbsp;&nbsp;Mr.
Devlin also currently serves as Senior Vice President of production and integrated programming for Arkleus Broadcasting Corp.&nbsp;and
as a director of XA Experiential Agency. He has held various other executive and creative positions over the course of his advertising
career
 including launching the introduction of Diet Coke for The Coca-Cola Company. Mr. Devlin currently serves on the board of
directors of a number of private organizations
 as well as on the board of directors of Location Based Technologies
 Inc.
 a publicly
traded company. Mr. Devlin received a Bachelor&#8217;s degree from Bethel University.

has served on the Board
of Directors of the Company since May 2012. Mr. Seet also served as our Executive Vice President from October 2012 through March
2013. Since 1999
 Mr. Seet has served as Chairman of RXS Enterprises
 LLC. There he founded three media companies
 all backed by
major private equity firms or strategic industry investors. From 1995 to 1999
 he was a principal with the Carlyle Group. From
1996 to 1999
 Mr. Seet served as an Advisory Director of Kerry Beverages Limited
 a joint venture between the Kerry Group and the
Coca-Cola Company. The company operated a network of eleven bottling plants throughout China. From 1992 to 1994
 Mr. Seet was on
the faculty of the Harvard Business School where he focused on competition and strategy in Asia; amongst his research publications
were two case studies examining the competitive strategies of Coke and Pepsi in China and India. He serves on the board of directors
of several privately held companies. Mr. Seet received his Bachelor of Science degree from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology
and was a Baxter Fellow for his doctoral studies in Molecular Genetics at Harvard.




    

joined the Board of Directors of the Company
in March 2014 and became the Chief Operating Officer of the Company in August 2014.&nbsp;&nbsp;He is the founder and managing director
of Wyatts Torch Equity Partners LP
 (&#8220;Wyatts&#8221;)
 a family business focused on public and private investments in the
food and beverage industry. As General Partner and Portfolio Manager of Wyatts since 2011
 Mr. Spinner is responsible for investing
the assets of the Partnership.&nbsp;&nbsp; From 2009 until Wyatts was founded in 2011
 Mr. Spinner was the managing partner of
Ardent Asset Management
 a money management firm based in New York City.&nbsp; From 2000 to 2009
 Mr. Spinner was a portfolio manager
and an equity analyst at Trellus Capital Management focusing on technology
 media and telecommunications. During his tenure at
Trellus Capital Management
 assets under management expanded from $100 million to $2 billion. Prior thereto
 Mr. Spinner has also
previously served as an analyst and portfolio manager at Irvine Capital and Forstmann
 Leff Associates. He began his career at
Salomon Brothers Inc. in the equity trading division. Mr. Spinner received his undergraduate degree from Franklin and Marshall
College and his MBA from Fordham University.




of the Board of Directors. Our Board of Directors may designate from among its members an executive committee and one or more other
committees in the future. We do not have a nominating committee or a nominating committee charter. Further
 we do not have a policy
with regard to the consideration of any director candidates recommended by security holders. To date
 no security holders have
made any such recommendations. Our four directors perform all functions that would otherwise be performed by committees. Given
the present size of our board it is not practical for us to have committees. If we are able to grow our business and increase our
operations
 we intend to expand the size of our board and allocate responsibilities accordingly.




 we do not have a policy with regard
to the consideration of any director candidates recommended by security holders. To date
 no security holders have made any such
recommendations.




&#8220;Code of Ethics&#8221;) that applies to our principal executive officer
 principal financial officer
 principal accounting
officer or controller
 and persons performing similar functions. We believe that the Code of Ethics is reasonably designed to deter
wrongdoing and promote honest and ethical conduct; provide full
 fair
 accurate
 timely and understandable disclosure in public
reports; comply with applicable laws; ensure prompt internal reporting of code violations; and provide accountability for adherence
to the code. To request a copy of the Code of Ethics
 please make written request to our Company at 101 Hudson Street
 Suite 2100
Jersey City
 New Jersey 07302.

Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting
Compliance


 all
executive officers
 directors
 and each person who is the beneficial owner of more than 10% of the common stock of a company that
files reports pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act of 1934
 are required to report the ownership of such common stock
 options
and stock appreciation rights (other than certain cash only rights) and any changes in that ownership with the Securities and Exchange
Commission. &nbsp;To our knowledge
 based solely on a review of the copies of such reports furnished to us and written representations
that no other reports were required
 during the fiscal year ended December 31
 2014 all Section 16(a) filing requirements applicable
to our officers
 directors and greater than 10% beneficial owners were complied with.








    




concerning the total compensation paid or earned by each of our named executive officers (as defined under SEC rules).




    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
51
000
    
    
    
260
000
    
    
    
55
196
    
    
    
366
196
    

    
    
    
    
    
222
000
    
    
    
663
148
    
    
    
48
301
    
    
    
933
449
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
80
000
    
    
    
450
000
    
    
    
47
530
    
    
    
577
530
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



for Bonus (d)
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation (g)
 Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Earnings (h) and All Other Compensation
(i) as no such amounts were paid to the named executive officers during the fiscal years ended December 31
 2014 or 2013.



    
    
Mr. Simpson agreed to accept shares of Common Stock in lieu of a cash payment of his base salary equal to $37
 000 in 2014.&nbsp;&nbsp;Accordingly
 Mr. Simpson was issued 23
272 shares of Common Stock
 which were issued based upon the last sales price of the Common Stock on the last trading day of the month for which base salary was owed.




    
    
Pursuant to his employment agreement discussed below
 Mr. Simpson is entitled to a salary of not less than $18
500 per month. During 2014
 he received cash payments of $14
000. The Company owes Mr. Simpson $171
000 at December 31
 2014.




    
    
The Company accrued the remaining balance owed to Mr. Simpson for 2014 of $171
000. As of December 31
2014
 Mr. Simpson is owed $171
000 for unpaid salary.




    
    
In lieu of a cash payment of $55
000 of&nbsp;&nbsp;salary earned during 2013
 Mr. Simpson elected to receive shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock (&#8220;Preferred Stock&#8221;) at a price of $4.00 per share pursuant to the terms of the Amended and Restated Securities Purchase Agreement described in Note 8 to the Financial Statements included in this Form 10-K.&nbsp;&nbsp;Each share of Preferred Stock was convertible into a number of shares of Common Stock determined by dividing $4.00 by the conversion price of $0.40.&nbsp;&nbsp;Mr. Simpson made such election on March 29
 2013.&nbsp;&nbsp;Mr. Simpson received 13
750 shares of Preferred Stock for this election
 which were later converted into 137
500 shares of Common Stock.




    
    
In a separate private placement commenced by the Company in May 2013
 Mr. Simpson elected to convert $20
000 of unpaid salary into 50
000 shares of Common Stock
 at a price of $0.40 per share on the same terms as the other investors in the offering.




    
    
In addition to the aforementioned items
 Mr. Simpson agreed to accept shares of Common Stock in lieu of a cash payment of his base salary equal to $88
000 in 2013. Accordingly
 Mr. Simpson was issued 37
637 shares of Common Stock
 which were issued based upon the last sales price of the Common Stock on the last trading day of the month for which base salary was owed.





    



    
    
On March 17
 2014
 pursuant to the Company&#8217;s 2012 Plan
 the Company issued 200
000 shares of restricted Common Stock valued at the then fair market value of $1.30 per share.&nbsp;&nbsp;In accordance with the provisions of ASC Topic 718
 compensation expense of $260
000 is recorded over the vesting period of the shares.




    
    
On December 4
 2013
 pursuant to the Company&#8217;s 2012 Plan
 the Company issued 308
411 shares of restricted Common Stock valued at the then fair market value of $2.15 per share.&nbsp;&nbsp;In accordance with the provisions of ASC Topic 718
 compensation expense of $663
148 is recorded over the vesting period of the shares.



    
    
On August 14
 2014
 the Company granted Mr. Simpson incentive stock options to purchase 222
000 shares of Common Stock pursuant to the 2012 Plan.&nbsp;&nbsp;The exercise price of the options is $0.255 per share.&nbsp;&nbsp;The options become exercisable in equal tranches on February 14
 2015
 August 14
 2015
 February 14
 2016 and August 14
 2016.




    
    
On July 1
 2013
 the Company granted Mr. Simpson incentive stock options to purchase 100
000 shares of Common Stock pursuant to the 2012 Plan.&nbsp;&nbsp;The exercise price of the options is $2.07 per share.&nbsp;&nbsp;The options become exercisable July 1
 2014 and expire July 1
 2015.



    
    
Pursuant to his employment agreement discussed below
 Mr. Spinner received cash payments of $80
000 during the year ended December 31
 2014. Prior to August 12
 2014
 Mr. Spinner worked in a consulting capacity for the Company and was paid $48
000
 which amount is not included in this table.




    
    
On March 17
 2014 and August 12
 2014
 pursuant to the Company&#8217;s 2012 Plan
 the Company issued 75
000 and 1
500
000 shares
 respectively
 of restricted Common Stock valued at the then fair market value of $1.30 and $0.24 per share
 respectively.&nbsp;&nbsp;In accordance with the provisions of ASC Topic 718
 compensation expense of $450
000 is recorded over the vesting period of the shares.




    
    
On August 14
 2014
 the Company granted Mr. Spinner incentive stock options to purchase 192
000 shares of Common Stock pursuant to the 2012 Plan.&nbsp;&nbsp;The exercise price of the options is $0.255 per share.&nbsp;&nbsp;The options become exercisable in equal tranches on February 14
 2015
 August 14
 2015
 February 14
 2016 and August 14
 2016.


any plans that provide for the payment of retirement benefits or benefits that will be paid primarily following retirement including
but not limited to
 tax qualified deferred benefit plans
 supplemental executive retirement plans
 tax-qualified deferred contribution
plans and nonqualified deferred contribution plans.




with Glenn Simpson on March 1
 2013 (the &#8220;Employment Agreement&#8221;). In his capacity as Chief Executive Officer and Chairman
he is entitled to a monthly salary of not less than $18
500 and an annual bonus based upon performance goals established and approved
by the Board of Directors.&nbsp;&nbsp;The Employment Agreement term ends on February 28
 2018.&nbsp;&nbsp;The Employment Agreement
may be terminated prior to such date
 however
 upon Mr. Simpson&#8217;s death
 disability
 by the Company for Cause (as defined
in the Employment Agreement)
 by Mr. Simpson for Good Reason (as defined in the Employment Agreement) and voluntary termination
by Mr. Simpson other than for Good Reason upon 30 days&#8217; notice.&nbsp;&nbsp;Upon termination by the Company for any reason
other than Cause or by Mr. Simpson for Good Reason
 Mr. Simpson will receive any accrued but unpaid salary through the date of
termination and an amount equal to his salary at the time of termination payable for the remainder of the then-current term.&nbsp;&nbsp;Upon
termination by reason of Mr. Simpson&#8217;s death or disability
 he will receive any accrued but unpaid salary through the date
of termination and an amount equal to his salary at the time of termination payable for 1 year beginning 30 days after the date
of termination.&nbsp;&nbsp;Upon termination by the Company for Cause or voluntarily by Mr. Simpson for other than Good Reason
he will receive only accrued but unpaid salary through the date of termination.


    



with Peter Spinner on August 12
 2014. In his capacity as Chief Operating Officer
 Mr. Spinner is entitled to a monthly salary
of not less than $16
000 and an annual bonus at the discretion of the Board of Directors. Pursuant to the employment agreement
his term ends on August 12
 2017
 but the employment agreement may be terminated prior to such date
 upon Mr. Spinner&#8217;s death
disability
 by the Company for &#8220;Cause&#8221; (as defined in the employment agreement)
 by Mr. Spinner for &#8220;Good Reason&#8221;
(as defined in the employment agreement) and voluntarily by Mr. Spinner (other than for &#8220;Good Reason&#8221;) upon 30 days&#8217;
notice. Upon termination by the Company for any reason other than &#8220;Cause&#8221; or by Mr. Spinner for &#8220;Good Reason
&#8221;
Mr. Spinner will receive any accrued but unpaid salary through the date of termination and an amount equal to his salary at the
time of termination payable for the remainder of the then-current term. Upon termination by reason of Mr. Spinner&#8217;s death
or disability
 he will receive any accrued but unpaid salary through the date of termination and an amount equal to his salary
at the time of termination payable for 1 year beginning 30 days after the date of termination. Upon termination by the Company
for &#8220;Cause&#8221; or voluntarily by Mr. Spinner for other than Good Reason
 he will receive only accrued but unpaid salary
through the date of termination. In connection with Mr. Spinner&#8217;s employment
 he entered into a restricted stock agreement
dated August 12
 2014 and received 1
500
000 shares that vest in three tranches based on the achievement of certain performance
goals
 and a stock option agreement on August 14
 2014 for an aggregate of 192
000 shares exercisable in four installments on February
14
 2015
 August 15
 2015
 February 14
 2016 and August 14
 2016 at $0.255 per share.




held by our named executive officers at December 31
 2014.




    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


        
        
    

Number of securities underlying unexercised
        options (#) exercisable
        
    
    
    
    
    

        
        
        
    

        
        
    

Number of shares or units of stock that have
        not vested (#)
        
    
    

Market value of shares of units of stock
        that have not vested ($)
        

    
    
    
100
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
July 1
 2015
    
    
2
565
813
    
    
513
163

    
    
    
    
    
    
222
000
    
    
    
    
    
August 14
 2019
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
192
000
    
    
    
    
    
August 14
 2019
    
    
1
575
000
    
    
315
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



(d) Equity incentive plan awards: Number of securities underlying unexercised unearned options related to Option Awards and columns
(i) Equity incentive plan awards: Number of unearned shares
 units or other rights that have not vested (#) and (j) Equity incentive
plan awards: Market value of payout value of unearned shares
 units or other rights that have not vested&nbsp;&nbsp;related to
stock awards
 as no such awards were outstanding as of December 31
 2014.



    






    
    
The stock options become exercisable in four equal tranches on February 14
 2015
 August 14
 2015
 February 14
 2016 and August 14
 2016.




    
    
Of such shares that have not yet vested
 200
000 shares will vest on March 17
 2015.&nbsp;&nbsp;The balance of 2
365
815 shares will vest in three equal installments on January 2
 2015
 January 2
 2016 and June 30
 2016.




    
    
Of such shares that have not yet vested
 75
000 shares will vest on March 17
 2015. The balance of 1
500
000 shares will vest upon achievement of performance goals.





the year ended December 31
 2014.




cash compensation for serving as such
 for serving on committees (if any) of the Board of Directors or for special assignments.
Board members are not reimbursed for expenses incurred in connection with attending meetings.&nbsp;&nbsp;During the year ended
December 31
 2014
 except as set forth below
 there were no arrangements that resulted in our making payments to any of our non-employee
directors for any services provided to us by them as directors.





        
        
    

        
        
        
    
    

        
        
        
    
    

        
        
        

    
    
    
97
500
    
    
    
7
666
    
    
    
105
166

    
    
    
97
500
    
    
    
7
666
    
    
    
105
166



not include Column (b) Fees earned or paid in cash
 Column (e) Non-equity incentive plan compensation
 Column (f) Nonqualified
deferred compensation earnings and Column (g) All other compensation
 as no such amounts are paid to directors during the year
ended December 31
 2014.



    
    
On March 17
 2014
 the Company granted Mr. Devlin and Mr. Seet 75
000 shares each of restricted Common Stock pursuant to the 2012 Plan.&nbsp;&nbsp;The fair market value on the grant date was $1.30 per share. These shares vest on March 17
 2015.




    
    
On August 14
 2014
 the Company granted Mr. Devlin and Mr. Seet stock options pursuant to the 2012 Plan in the amount of 35
000 shares each at an exercise price of $0.255
 which was the fair market value of the Common Stock on the date of grant. The stock options become exercisable in four equal tranches on February 14
 2015
 August 14
 2015
 February 14
 2016 and August 14
 2016.










    


ITEM 12.&nbsp;&nbsp;SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL
OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS


with respect to the beneficial ownership of our Common Stock known by us as of February 23
 2015 by:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



 the persons
listed below have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of our Common Stock owned by them
 except to the
extent such power may be shared with a spouse.



    
    

        
        
    

        
        

    
        
Chief Executive Officer
 Chairman and Director
    
3
453
165 (2)
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
        
        
    
459
676 (3)
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
        
        
    
1
494
754 (4)
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
        
        
    
4
225
257 (5)
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
2
197
803
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
9
632
852 (6)
    
    






    
    


        with the rules of the SEC and generally includes voting or investment power with respect to securities. Shares of Common Stock
        subject to options or warrants currently exercisable or convertible
 or exercisable or convertible within 60 days February 23 2015
        are deemed outstanding for computing the percentage of the person holding such option or warrant but are not deemed outstanding
        for computing the percentage of any other person.
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        




    




    
    
    

365
815 shares of restricted
        Common Stock
 which shares vest in three equal installments on January 2
 2015
 January 2
 2016 and June 30
 2016; (ii)&nbsp;200
000
        shares of restricted Common Stock which will vest on March 17
 2015 and (iii)&nbsp;155
500 shares of Common Stock underlying stock
        options granted pursuant to the Company&#8217;s 2012 Plan. Does not include 166
500 shares of Common Stock underlying a stock option
        granted pursuant to the 2012 Plan
 which option becomes exercisable August 14
 2015
 February 14
 2016 and August 14
 2016.
        

    
    
    

925 shares of restricted Common
        Stock
 which shares vest in three equal installments on January 2
 2015
 January 2
 2016 and June 30
 2016; (ii)&nbsp;75
000 shares
        of restricted Common Stock which will vest on March 17
 2015 and (iii)&nbsp;19
750 shares of Common Stock underlying stock options
        granted pursuant to the Company&#8217;s 2012 Plan. Does not include 26
250 shares of Common Stock underlying a stock option granted
        pursuant to the 2012 Plan
 which option becomes exercisable August 14
 2015
 February 14
 2016 and August 14
 2016.
        

    
    
    

165
253 shares of restricted
        Common Stock
 which shares vest upon achievement of performance goals; (ii) 75
000 shares of restricted Common Stock which will
        vest on March 17
 2015 and (iii)&nbsp;57
750 shares of Common Stock underlying stock options granted pursuant to the Company&#8217;s
        2012 Plan. Does not include 26
250 shares of Common Stock underlying a stock option granted pursuant to the 2012 Plan
 which option
        becomes exercisable August 14
 2015
 February 14
 2016 and August 14
 2016.
        

    
    
    

500
000 shares of restricted
        Common Stock
 which shares vest upon achievement of performance goals; (ii) 1
648
352 shares of Common Stock held by Wyatts
 an
        entity of which Mr. Spinner is the general partner and portfolio manager; (iii) 75
000 shares of restricted Common Stock which
        will vest on March 17
 2015; (iv)&nbsp;48
000 shares of Common Stock underlying stock options granted pursuant to the Company&#8217;s
        2012 Plan; (v) 732
905 shares of Common Stock underlying currently exercisable warrants held by Wyatts; (vi) 175
000 shares of
        Common Stock owned jointly with his spouse and (vi) 46
000 shares of Common Stock owned by family members. Does not include 144
000
        shares of Common Stock underlying a stock option granted pursuant to the 2012 Plan
 which option becomes exercisable August 14
        2015
 February 14
 2016 and August 14
 2016.
        

    
    
Includes (i) 5
720
993 shares of restricted Common Stock
 subject to the vesting conditions described above; (ii) 281
000 shares of Common Stock underlying stock options granted pursuant to the Company&#8217;s 2012 Plan and (iii) 732
905 shares of Common Stock underlying warrants
 as described above.&nbsp;&nbsp;Does not include stock options to purchase 267
000 shares of Common Stock
 as described above.


Securities Authorized For Issuance Under
Equity Compensation Plans


 2013
 the 2012 Plan was adopted
by the Board of Directors
 subject to stockholder approval.&nbsp;&nbsp;The Company&#8217;s stockholders approved the 2012 Plan
on March 29
 2013.&nbsp;&nbsp;The 2012 Plan provides the Company with the ability to issue stock options
 stock appreciation rights
restricted stock and/or other stock-based awards for up to an aggregate of 2
050
000 shares of Common Stock.&nbsp;&nbsp;As of February
23
 2015
 (i) stock options to purchase 830
000 shares of the Company&#8217;s Common Stock and (ii) 1
073
441 shares of restricted
Common Stock had been issued to directors and employees under the 2012 Plan.


ITEM 13.&nbsp;&nbsp;CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS
AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS
 AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE


10-K
 there have been no transactions
 since January 1
 2013
 or any currently proposed transaction
 in which we were or are to
be a participant and the amount involved exceeds the lesser of $120
000 or 1% of the average of our total assets at year end for
the last two completed fiscal years and in which any of our directors
 executive officers or beneficial holders of more than 5%
of our outstanding Common Stock
 or any of their respective immediate family members
 has had or will have any direct or material
indirect interest.



    


 2012
 the Company issued a Note Payable to Mr. Simpson
for $15
000 in connection with an advance. The note bore interest at a rate of 10% per annum
 with a maturity date of September
15
 2013. On August 17
 2012
 Mr. Seet was issued a Note Payable for $7
500
 with an interest rate of 8% per annum
 and a maturity
date of September 15
 2013.&nbsp;&nbsp;Mr. Simpson and Mr. Seet exchanged their notes payable for 3
750 and 1
875 shares of Preferred
Stock
 respectively.&nbsp;&nbsp;The Preferred Stock subsequently converted into shares of the Company&#8217;s Common Stock.&nbsp;&nbsp;See
Note 8 to the Financial Statements for more information about the Preferred Stock.


as a director
 Wyatts
 an affiliate of Mr. Spinner
 purchased an aggregate of 1
648
352 shares of Common Stock and five-year immediately
exercisable warrants to purchase 549
451 shares of Common Stock in the Company&#8217;s concurrent private placements consummated
in March 2014.&nbsp;&nbsp;Wyatts&#8217; purchases were made pursuant to subscription agreements on the same terms as other investors
in the concurrent offerings.&nbsp;&nbsp;See Note 10 to the Financial Statements included in this Form 10-K for more information
about the March 2014 private placements. Pursuant to his employment agreement discussed above
 Mr. Spinner received salary in the
form of cash payments amounting to $80
000 during the year ended December 31
 2014. Prior to August 12
 2014
 Mr. Spinner worked
in a consulting capacity for the Company and was paid $48
000.




of any national securities exchange or inter-dealer quotation system which has requirements that a majority of the board of directors
be &#8220;independent&#8221; and
 as a result
 we are not at this time required to (and we do not) have our Board of Directors
comprised of a majority of &#8220;Independent Directors.&#8221;


of its directors in reference to the definition of &#8220;independent director&#8221; established by the Nasdaq Marketplace Rule
5605(a)(2). In doing so
 the Board of Directors has reviewed all commercial and other relationships of each director in making
its determination as to the independence of its directors. After such review
 the Board of Directors has determined that Mr. Devlin
and Mr. Spinner qualify as independent under the requirements of the Nasdaq listing standards.

ITEM 14.&nbsp;&nbsp;PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT
FEES AND SERVICES




 Vogt &amp; Webb
P.A. as its independent registered public accounting firm. The aggregate fees billed to the Company for services rendered in connection
with the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013 are set forth in the table below:



    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
32
000
    
    
    
27
500

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
2
000
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
34
000
    
    
    
27
500




    
    
Audit fees consist of fees incurred for professional services rendered for the audit of financial statements
 for reviews of our interim financial statements included in our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and for services that are normally provided in connection with statutory or regulatory filings or engagements.&nbsp;




    
    
Audit-related fees consist of fees billed for professional services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our financial statements
 but are not reported under &#8220;Audit fees.&#8221;

    
    
Tax fees consist of fees billed for professional services relating to tax compliance
 tax planning
 and tax advice.

    
    
    





    





Our board of directors has approved the services described above.




















































    









Inc. are listed on the Index to Financial Statements on this annual report on Form 10-K beginning on page F-1.




this Annual Report on Form 10-K:





        
        
    

        
        
    
    

    
    
    
    
Agreement and Plan of Merger by and among Specialty Beverage and Supplement
 Inc.
 SBSI Acquisition Corp.&nbsp;&nbsp;and MOJO Ventures
 Inc. dated May 13
 2011 (1)

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
Split-Off Agreement
 dated as of October 27
 2011
 by and among MOJO Ventures
 Inc.
 SBSI Acquisition Corp.
 MOJO Organics
 Inc.
 and the Buyers party thereto (2)

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
Certificate of Incorporation of MOJO Shopping
 Inc. (3)

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation of MOJO Ventures
 Inc. (4)

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation of MOJO Ventures
 Inc. (5)

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation of MOJO Organics
 Inc. (9)

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
Certificate of Designations
 Preferences and Rights of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock (11)

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
Amended and Restated Bylaws of MOJO Ventures
 Inc. (6)

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
Amendment No. 1 to Amended and Restated Bylaws of MOJO Organics
 Inc. (13)

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
Commitment letter executed by each of Glenn Simpson
 Jeffrey Devlin and Richard Seet (11)

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
        
        
        

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
&nbsp;Juice License Agreement between Chiquita Brands L.L.C. and MOJO Organics
 Inc. dated as of August 15
 2012 (12)

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
Employment Agreement dated March 1
 2013 between MOJO Organics
 Inc. and Glenn Simpson (13) &#8224;

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
Form of Restricted Stock Agreement
 dated December 4
 2014
 between MOJO Organics
 Inc. and each of Glenn Simpson
 Richard Seet
 Jeffrey Devlin and Nicholas Giannuzzi.&nbsp;&nbsp;(14) &#8224;

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
Form of Restricted Stock Agreement
 dated March 2014
 between MOJO Organics
 Inc. and each of Glenn Simpson
 Richard Seet
 Jeffrey Devlin
 Peter Spinner and Marianne Vignone. (14) &#8224;

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
Form of Stock Option Agreement under the 2012 Long-Term Incentive Equity Plan
 dated August 14
 2014
 between MOJO Organics
 Inc. and each of Glenn Simpson
 Peter Spinner
 Richard Seet
 Jeffery Devlin and Marianne Vignone. (15)

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
Employment Agreement
 dated August 12
 2014
 between MOJO Organics
 Inc. and Peter Spinner. (15)

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
Form of Restricted Stock Agreement
 dated August 12
 2014
 between MOJO organics
 Inc. and Peter Spinner. (15)

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002





Management compensatory plan
 contract or arrangement.



    
    
Incorporated by reference&nbsp;to&nbsp;the Registrant&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K as an exhibit
 numbered as indicated above
 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the &#8220;SEC&#8221;) on May 18
 2011.




    
    
Incorporated by reference&nbsp;to&nbsp;the Registrant&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K as an exhibit
 numbered as indicated above
 filed with the SEC on November 2
 2011.




    
    
Incorporated by reference&nbsp;to&nbsp;the Registrant's Registration Statement on Form SB-2 as an exhibit
 numbered as indicated above
 filed with the SEC on December 19
 2007.




    
    
Incorporated by reference to the Registrant&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K as an exhibit
 numbered as indicated above
 filed with the SEC on May 4
 2011.




    
    
Incorporated by reference&nbsp;to&nbsp;the Registrant&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K as an exhibit
 numbered as indicated above
 filed with the SEC on January 4
 2012.




    
    
Incorporated by reference to the Registrant&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K as an exhibit
 numbered as indicated above
 filed with the SEC on October 31
 2011.




    
    
Incorporated by reference to the Registrant&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K as an exhibit
 numbered as indicated above
 filed with the SEC on August 12
 2011.




    
    
Incorporated by reference to the Registrant&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K as an exhibit
 numbered as indicated above
 filed with the SEC on June 8
 2011.




    
    
Incorporated by reference to the Registrant&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K as an exhibit
 numbered as indicated above
 filed with the SEC on April 2
 2013.




    
    
Incorporated by reference to the Registrant&#8217;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q as an exhibit
 numbered as indicated above
 filed with the SEC on June 25
 2013.




    
    
Incorporated by reference to the Registrant&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K as an exhibit
 numbered as indicated above
 filed with the SEC on February 1
 2013.




    
    
Incorporated by reference to the Registrant&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K/A as an exhibit
 numbered as indicated above
 filed with the SEC on February 7
 2013.&nbsp;&nbsp;Portions of the exhibit and/or related schedules or exhibits thereto have been omitted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment
 which has been granted by the Commission.&nbsp;




    
    
Incorporated by reference to the Registrant&#8217;s Current Report on Form 10-K as an exhibit
 numbered as indicated above
 filed with the SEC on September 24
 2013.




    
    
Incorporated by reference to the Registrant&#8217;s Annual Report on Form 10-K as an exhibit
 numbered as indicated above
 filed with the SEC on April 16
 2014.




    
    
Incorporated by reference to the Registrant&#8217;s Annual Report on Form 10-Q as an exhibit
 numbered as indicated above
 filed with the SEC on October 2
 2014.












































    

    




    





of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized.



    
MOJO ORGANICS
 INC.

    
    

Dated:&nbsp; February 27
 2015
    
    

    
    
    

 Chief
        
        



Act
 this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates
indicated.



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Director
&nbsp;Chief Executive Officer and Chairman&nbsp;&nbsp;(Principal Executive and Principal Financial Officer)
    
February 27
 2015

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Director
 Chief Operating Officer
    
February 27
 2015

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
February 27
 2015

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
February 27
 2015

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
February 27
 2015

    
    
    
    
    




    

    
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        




    






    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013
    

    
    

Balance Sheets as of December 31
 2014 and 2013
    

    
    

Statements of&nbsp;&nbsp;Stockholders&#8217; Equity (Deficit) for the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013
    

    
    

Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013
    

    
    

    
    






































    

    




    


REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED
PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM




 Inc.


of MOJO Organics
 Inc. (the &#8220;Company&#8221;) as of December 31
 2014 and 2013
 and the related statements of operations
stockholders' equity (deficit)
 and cash flows for each of the years then ended. These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audit.


standards established by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States of America). Those standards require that
we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement.
The Company is not required to have
 nor were we engaged to perform
 an audit of its internal control over financial reporting.
Our audits included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are
appropriate in the circumstances
 but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company&#8217;s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly
 we express no such opinion. An audit includes examining
 on a test basis
evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe
that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.


 the financial statements referred
to above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of the Company as of December 31
 2014 and 2013
 and
the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013
 in conformity with U.S.
generally accepted accounting principles.


been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described in Note 3
 the Company has incurred
substantial accumulated deficits and operating losses. These conditions and our dependence on our current licensing agreement raise
substantial doubt about the Company&#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern. Management&#8217;s plans in regards to these
matters are also discussed in Note 3. The financial statements do not include any adjustments to reflect the possible future effects
on the recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts and classification of liabilities that might result from the
outcome of this uncertainty.



    
    
    

    
    
/s/ Liggett
 Vogt &amp; Webb
 P.A.

    
    
    

New York
 NY
    
    

February 27
 2015
    
    

















    




MOJO ORGANICS
 INC.

    

For the Years Ended December 31
 2014 and 2013

    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
324
394
    
    
    
159
144
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
327
622
    
    
    
139
741
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(3
228
    
    
    
19
403
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Selling
 general and administrative
    
    
5
212
431
    
    
    
2
791
761
    

    
    
    
5
212
431
    
    
    
2
791
761
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(5
215
659
    
    
    
(2
772
358
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(1
658
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(1
949
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(3
607
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(5
215
122
    
    
    
(2
775
965
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(5
215
122
    
    
    
(2
775
965
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
158
463
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(5
215
122
    
    
    
(2
934
428
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

&nbsp;Net loss available to common stockholders
 basic and fully diluted
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
15
361
524
    
    
    
10
485
770
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    










    




MOJO ORGANICS
 INC.

    

As of December 31
 2014 and 2013

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
345
616
    
    
    
8
080
    

    
    
    
43
890
    
    
    
1
808
    

    
    
    
445
328
    
    
    
87
805
    

    
    
    
1
782
    
    
    
122
305
    

    
    
    
37
887
    
    
    
17
882
    

    
    
    
874
503
    
    
    
237
880
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT
 net of accumulated depreciation
    
    
2
603
    
    
    
4
470
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
2
294
    
    
    
5
798
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
879
400
    
    
    
248
148
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
542
157
    
    
    
289
120
    

    
    
    
220
677
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
24
000
    

    
    
    
762
834
    
    
    
313
120
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Preferred stock
 10
000
000 shares authorized at $0.001
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;par value
 no shares issued and outstanding
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Common stock
 190
000
000 shares authorized at $0.001
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;par value
 16
907
396 and 12
631
485 shares issued and outstanding

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
16
907
    
    
    
12
631
    

    
    
    
18
436
503
    
    
    
13
044
119
    

    
    
    
(18
336
844
    
    
    
(13
121
722
    

    
    
    
116
566
    
    
    
(64
972
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
879
400
    
    
    
248
148
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




    




MOJO ORGANICS
 INC.

    

For the Years Ended December 31
 2014 and 2013

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

        
        
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

        
        
    
    
    

        
        
    
    
    

        
        
    

Balance
 December 31
 2012
    
    
8
551
265
    
    
    
8
551
    
    
    
9
838
024
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(10
345
757
    
    
    
(499
182
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
42
714
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
100
649
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
100
692
    

Directors and Employees
 net of forfeitures
    
    
425
253
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
832
714
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
833
139
    

    
    
    
463
463
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
963
699
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
964
162
    

    
    
    
1
171
705
    
    
    
1
172
    
    
    
467
510
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
468
682
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
50
717
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
50
717
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
197
709
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
790
636
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
790
834
    

    
    
    
1
977
085
    
    
    
1
977
    
    
    
790
806
    
    
    
(197
709
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(790
636
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
949
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(2
775
965
    
    
    
(2
775
965
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Balance
 December 31
 2013
    
    
12
631
485
    
    
    
12
631
    
    
    
13
044
119
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(13
121
722
    
    
    
(64
972
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
23
272
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
36
977
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
37
000
    

Directors and Employees
 net of forfeitures
    
    
1
965
000
    
    
    
1
965
    
    
    
2
918
702
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
2
920
667
    

    
    
    
283
652
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
550
786
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
551
070
    

    
    
    
2
016
484
    
    
    
2
017
    
    
    
1
817
815
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
819
832
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(12
497
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(11
360
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(11
373
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
79
464
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
79
464
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(5
215
122
    
    
    
(5
215
122
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Balance
 December 31
 2014
    
    
16
907
396
    
    
    
16
907
    
    
    
18
436
503
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(18
336
844
    
    
    
116
566
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    





















    





MOJO ORGANICS
 INC.

    

For the Years Ended December 31
 2014 and 2013

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(5
215
122
    
    
    
(2
775
965
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
4
042
    
    
    
1
442
    

    
    
    
79
464
    
    
    
50
717
    

    
    
    
2
920
667
    
    
    
833
139
    

    
    
    
37
000
    
    
    
100
692
    

    
    
    
551
070
    
    
    
964
162
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
949
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(42
082
    
    
    
(1
808
    

    
    
    
(357
523
    
    
    
(64
985
    

    
    
    
120
523
    
    
    
(122
305
    

    
    
    
(20
005
    
    
    
(12
075
    

    
    
    
3
504
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
473
714
    
    
    
100
592
    

    
    
    
(1
444
748
    
    
    
(924
445
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(2
175
    
    
    
(3
669
    

    
    
    
(2
175
    
    
    
(3
669
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(24
000
    
    
    
74
000
    

    
    
    
(11
373
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
412
134
    

&nbsp;Sale of common stock
 net
    
    
1
819
832
    
    
    
448
681
    

    
    
    
1
784
459
    
    
    
934
815
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
337
536
    
    
    
6
701
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
8
080
    
    
    
1
379
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
345
616
    
    
    
8
080
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
7
262
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
378
700
    

    
    
    
37
000
    
    
    
178
600
    

    
    
    
37
000
    
    
    
249
200
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




    

    
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        




    

MOJO ORGANICS
 INC.






 Inc. (&#8220;MOJO&#8221; or
the &#8220;Company&#8221;) was incorporated in the State of Delaware on August 2
 2007.&nbsp;&nbsp;Headquartered in Jersey City
NJ
 the Company is a developer of emerging beverage brands that are natural
 USDA Organic
 non-genetically modified and certified
by the Rainforest Alliance. Currently
 the Company produces CHIQUITA TROPICALS&#8482;
 which are 100% fruit juices
 produced under
license agreement from Chiquita Brands L.L.C.
 a wholly owned subsidiary of Chiquita Brands International
 Inc. (&#8220;CBII&#8221;).&nbsp;&nbsp;The
Company currently produces four flavors: Banana Strawberry
 Mango
 Passion Fruit and Pineapple.


available in the New York tri-state area and on Amazon.com in late July 2013. In February 2014
 the Company expanded its sales
to the west coast
 New England and Central America. To grow its sales
 the Company utilizes food brokers and distributors as well
as selling direct to certain large retail chain stores.


NOTE 2 &#8211; SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
POLICIES



with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (&quot;GAAP&quot;). Management is required to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported
amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.



and time deposits purchased with a maturity of three months or less.



management expects to collect from outstanding balances. The Company provides for probable uncollectible amounts based upon its
assessment of the current status of the individual receivables and after using reasonable collection efforts. The allowance for
doubtful accounts as of December 31
 2014 and 2013 was zero.



(first-in
 first-out method) or market. When necessary
 the Company provides allowances to adjust the carrying value of its inventories
to the lower of cost or net realizable value.



for which the Company has not yet taken delivery.



is computed using the straight line method over the estimated useful life of the respective assets.&nbsp;&nbsp;Computer equipment
is depreciated over a period of 3 -5 years.&nbsp;&nbsp;Maintenance and repairs are charged to expense when incurred.&nbsp;&nbsp;When
property and equipment are retired or otherwise disposed of
 the related cost and accumulated depreciation are removed from the
respective accounts and any gain or loss is credited or charged to income.&nbsp;&nbsp;At December 31
 2014 and 2013
 accumulated
depreciation related to property and equipment was $5
539 and $1
553
 respectively.



at the time of delivery when title and risk of loss passes to the customer.&nbsp;&nbsp;Recognition of revenue also requires reasonable
assurance of collection of sales proceeds.



    




are accounted for as a reduction in revenue. These costs include payments to customers for performing merchandising activities
on our behalf
 including in-store displays
 promotions for new items and obtaining optimum shelf space.




finished goods from our sales distribution centers to customer locations are included in the line Selling
 General and Administrative
Expenses in our Statements of Operations.



with the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#8220;FASB&#8221;) Accounting Standards Codification (&#8220;ASC&#8221;) Topic
260
&#8221;.&nbsp;&nbsp;ASC Topic 260 requires presentation of basic and diluted EPS.&nbsp;&nbsp;Basic
EPS is computed by dividing the income (loss) available to common stockholders by the weighted-average number of common shares
outstanding for the period.&nbsp;&nbsp;Diluted EPS is based on the weighted average number of shares of common stock and common
stock equivalents outstanding during the periods.


from the computation of weighted average shares outstanding for the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013
 as they would have
had an anti-dilutive impact on the Company&#8217;s net loss per common share:



    
    
    
    
    

    
830
000
    
210
000

    
1
114
776
    
    

    
1
944
776
    
210
000

    
    
    
    
    





Costs
&#8221; the Company charges all costs associated with its start-up operations to income as incurred.



ASC topic 740
 &#8220;
&#8221; which requires the use of an asset and liability approach in accounting for income
taxes. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recorded based on the differences between the financial statement and tax bases
of assets and liabilities and the tax rates in effect when these differences are expected to reverse. ASC Topic 740 also requires
the reduction of deferred tax assets by a valuation allowance if
 based on the weight of available evidence
 it is more likely
than not that some or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. Tax returns for the years from 2009 to 2013 are subject
to examination by tax authorities.




Compensation
 including employee
stock options
 restricted stock
 employee stock purchase plans and stock appreciation rights. ASC Topic 718 requires employee compensation
expense to be recorded using the fair value method. The Company&nbsp;accounts for employee stock based compensation in accordance
with the provisions&nbsp;of ASC Topic 718. For non-employee options and warrants
 the Company uses the fair value method as prescribed
in ASC Topic 718.





        
        


are related to embedded conversion features issued in connection with the Series A Preferred Stock. For derivative instruments
that are accounted for as liabilities
 the derivative instrument is initially recorded at its fair value and is then re-valued
at each reporting date
 with changes in fair value recognized in earnings

Black-Scholes model to value the derivative instruments at inception and subsequent valuation dates and the value is re-assessed
at the end of each reporting period
 in accordance with ASC Topic 815
 &#8220;Derivatives and Hedging.&#8221; Derivative instrument
liabilities are classified in the balance sheets as current or non-current based upon whether or not the net-cash settlement of
the derivative instrument could be required within twelve months of the balance sheet date.




which include accounts payable
 accrued expenses and debt obligations approximate their fair values due to their short-term nature
and/or variable interest rates. The Company&#8217;s debt obligations bear interest at rates which approximate prevailing market
rates for instruments with similar characteristics and
 accordingly
 the carrying values for these instruments approximate fair
value.



Value Measurement
&#8221; which established a framework for measuring fair value and expands disclosure about fair value measurements.&nbsp;&nbsp;ASC
Topic 820 defines fair value as the amount that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (i.e.
 an exit price)
in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on
the measurement date. ASC Topic 820 also establishes a fair value hierarchy that requires an entity to maximize the use of observable
inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. ASC Topic 820 describes the following three levels
of inputs that may be used:



    
    
Level 1 Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets that are accessible at the measurement date for identical

 unrestricted assets or liabilities;




    
    
Level 2 Quoted prices in markets that are not active
 or inputs that are observable
 either directly or indirectly
 for substantially the full term of the asset or liability;




    
    
    



measured at fair value on a recurring basis at December 31
 2014 or 2013. The Company did not have any fair value adjustments for
assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis during the periods ended December 31
 2014 or 2013.



 FASB issued Accounting Standards
Update (&#8220;ASU&#8221;) No. 2014-09
 which creates ASC Topic 606
 &#8220;
and supersedes the revenue recognition requirements in Topic 605
 &#8220;
 including most industry-specific
revenue recognition guidance throughout the Industry Topics of the Codification. In addition
 ASU 2014-09 supersedes the cost guidance
in Subtopic 605-35
 &#8220;
&#8221; and creates
new Subtopic 340-40
.&#8221; In summary
 the core
principle of ASC Topic 606 is to recognize revenue when promised goods or services are transferred to customers in an amount that
reflects the consideration that is expected to be received for those goods or services. The amendments in ASU 2014-09 are effective
for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2016
 including interim periods within that reporting period
 and early
application is not permitted. Therefore the amendments in ASU 2014-09 will become effective for us as of the beginning of our 2017
fiscal year. The Company is currently assessing the impact of implementing the new guidance.



    


 FASB issued ASU No. 2014-12

That a Performance Target Could Be Achieved after the Requisite Service Period&#8221;. 
all reporting entities that grant their employees share-based payments in which the terms of the award provide that a performance
target that affects vesting could be achieved after the requisite service period. The amendments require that a performance target
that affects vesting and

service period must be treated as a performance condition. A reporting entity should apply existing guidance in Topic 718 as it
relates to awards with performance conditions that affect vesting to account for such awards. For all entities
 the amendments
in this ASU are effective for annual periods and interim

after December 15
 2015.&nbsp;&nbsp;Earlier adoption is permitted.&nbsp;&nbsp;The Company is currently evaluating the impact of
the adoption of ASU 2014-12 on the Company's financial statements.



 FASB issued ASU 2014-15

Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity&#8217;s Ability
to Continue as a Going Concern
 there is no guidance in U.S. GAAP about management&#8217;s responsibility
to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an entity&#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern or to provide related
footnote disclosures. The amendments in this ASU provide that guidance. In doing so
 the amendments are intended to reduce diversity
in the timing and content of footnote disclosures. The amendments require management to assess an entity&#8217;s ability to continue
as a going concern by incorporating and expanding upon certain principles that are currently in U.S. auditing standards. Specifically

 
including interim periods
 (3) provide principles for considering the mitigating effect of management&#8217;s plans
 (4) require
certain disclosures when substantial doubt is alleviated as a result of consideration of management&#8217;s plans
 (5) require
an express statement and other disclosures when substantial doubt is not alleviated
 and (6) require an assessment for a period
of one year after the date that the financial statements are issued (or available to be issued). The amendments in this ASU are
effective for public and nonpublic entities for annual periods ending after December 15
 2016. Early adoption is permitted. The
Company is currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of ASU 2014-15 on the Company&#8217;s financial statements.


recently issued
 but not yet effective accounting standards
 if currently adopted
 would have a material effect on the accompanying
financial statements.





using GAAP applicable to a going concern which contemplates the realization of assets and liquidation of liabilities in the normal
course of business. The Company has not yet established an ongoing source of revenues sufficient to cover its operating costs and
allow it to continue as a going concern. For the year ended December 31
 2014
 the Company incurred a net loss from continuing
operations of $5
215
122.&nbsp;&nbsp;At December 31
 2014
 the Company had accumulated losses of $18
336
844
 which includes accumulated
losses from discontinued operations of $8
576
094.


requirements under its licensing agreement with CBII. As of December 31
 2014
 the Company owed CBII minimum royalty payments of
$507
223. The Company&#8217;s business is largely predicated on its relationship with CBII and an adverse change in this relationship
could materially and adversely affect its business.


upon its ability to successfully obtain and retain customers in order to achieve profitable operations. The accompanying financial
statements do not include any adjustments that might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern.




 2014
 inventory consisted
of finished goods of $308
708 and raw materials of $136
620. As of December 31
 2013
 the inventory balance of $87
805 consisted
of raw materials.

NOTE 5 &#8211; SERIES A CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED
STOCK



    


 2013
 the Company entered into
an amended and restated securities purchase agreement for the offer and sale of its Series A Convertible Preferred Stock
 par value
$0.001 (&#8220;Series A Preferred Stock&#8221;) at a price of $4.00

private sale of its Series A Preferred Stock
 the Company raised gross proceeds of $790
834
 including $378
700 from the conversion
of promissory notes.&nbsp;&nbsp;Each share of Series A Preferred Stock was convertible into 10 shares of the Company&#8217;s Common
Stock determined by dividing $4.00 by the conversion price of $0.40.



anti-dilutive provisions that meet the defined criteria of a derivative liability as described in ASC Topic 815

and Hedging
&#8221; and therefore require bifurcation.&nbsp;&nbsp;These embedded derivatives include certain conversion features
indexed to the Company's Common Stock. The accounting treatment of derivative financial instruments requires that the Company record
the derivatives and related items at their fair values as of the date of issue and at fair value as of each subsequent balance
sheet date.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Changes in the fair value are charged to income at the end of each reporting period.


 2013
 a
total of 197
708.5 shares of the Series A Preferred Stock had been converted into 1
977
085 shares of Common Stock. As of December
31
 2014 and 2013
 there were zero shares of Series A Preferred Stock issued and outstanding.




the assets and liability method.&nbsp;&nbsp;Deferred tax assets are recognized for deductible temporary differences and operating
loss and tax credit carry forwards.&nbsp;&nbsp;Deferred tax liabilities are recognized for taxable temporary differences. Temporary
differences are the differences between the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and their tax bases.&nbsp;&nbsp;Deferred
tax assets are&nbsp;&nbsp;reduced by a&nbsp;&nbsp;valuation&nbsp;&nbsp;allowance&nbsp;&nbsp;when
&nbsp;&nbsp;in the opinion&nbsp;&nbsp;of&nbsp;&nbsp;management
&nbsp;&nbsp;it
is more&nbsp;&nbsp;likely&nbsp;&nbsp;than not&nbsp;&nbsp;that&nbsp;&nbsp;some portion or all of the deferred&nbsp;&nbsp;tax assets
will not be realized.


rate of 34% to the provision for income taxes recorded in the Statements of Operations is as follows:




    
    
Year ended December 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

State tax expense
 net of federal benefit
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



from the amount computed by applying the statutory income tax rates to the loss before income tax as follows:



    
    
Year ended December 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(877
136
    
    
    
(1
384
328
    

    
    
    
877
136
    
    
    
1
384
328
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




        
        
        
        
        
        
        






    
    
As of December 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
877
136
    
    
    
1
384
328
    

    
    
    
(877
136
    
    
    
(1
384
328
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




for operating losses generated in prior periods based on uncertainties concerning the ability to generate taxable income in future
periods.&nbsp;&nbsp;At December 31
 2014
 the Company had available net operating loss carry-forwards of approximately $4
863
000
which expire in various years through the year ending December 31
 2034.&nbsp;&nbsp;Utilization of the tax loss carry-forwards
are not assured
 however
 because the Company has incurred significant operating losses.&nbsp; As a result
 the deferred income
tax asset arising from these net operating loss carry-forwards and from other temporary differences are not recorded in the accompanying
Balance Sheets.&nbsp;&nbsp;Due to the uncertainty of the Company&#8217;s realization of this benefit
 a valuation allowance was
established to fully reserve such assets.





agreement for office space for a term of 12 months effective February 11
 2014.&nbsp;&nbsp;The base monthly office fee under that
agreement is $1
147.&nbsp;&nbsp;Prior to that
 the Company rented its office space on a month to month basis.



 2012
 the Company entered into
a license agreement (&#8220;License Agreement&#8221;) for the use of a third party&#8217;s marks in the manufacture
 sale
 promotion
marketing
 advertising and distribution of certain fruit juice products in select containers. The License Agreement grants the
Company an exclusive license in Connecticut
 New Jersey and New York and a non-exclusive license for the other states in the United
States
 plus Costa Rica
 El Salvador
 Guatemala
 Honduras and Nicaragua. The term of the License Agreement is for seven years from
July 2013 (the date that the Company first invoiced customers for products sold under the License Agreement)
 subject to the Company
meeting certain minimum sales volume and/or minimum royalty payments. The Company did not meet its minimum sales volume requirements
during the six months ended December 31
 2014
 June 30
 2014 and December 31
 2013. Termination of the License Agreement could
have a material and adverse impact on the Company&#8217;s business. &nbsp;During the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013
 the
accrued royalty payment due to the third party was $507
223 and $184
240
 respectively.&nbsp;&nbsp;Future minimum royalty payments
(in thousands) are $1
265 for 2015
 $1
850 for 2016
 $2
611 for 2017 and $11
617 for 2018 to 2020.&nbsp;




000
000 shares
of preferred stock (&#8220;Preferred Stock&#8221;) and 190
000
000 shares of common stock (&#8220;Common Stock&#8221;)
 each having
a par value of $0.001.


 the Company approved the 2012
Long-Term Incentive Equity Plan (the &#8220;2012 Plan&#8221;)
 which provides the Company with the ability to issue stock options
stock appreciation rights
 restricted stock and/or stock based awards for up to an aggregate of 2
050
000 shares of Common Stock.



 2013
 the Company effected a one-for-ten
reverse stock split of the issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock (the &#8220;Reverse Split&#8221;).&nbsp;The number of
authorized shares and the par value of the Common Stock were not changed.&nbsp;&nbsp;The accompanying financial statements have
been restated to reflect this reverse stock split.




    




 the Company consummated two
concurrent private placement offerings (the &#8220;2014 Offerings&#8221;)
 receiving an aggregate of $1
819
832
 net of expenses
from accredited investors.&nbsp;&nbsp;In one of the offerings
 the Company sold an aggregate of 917
582 shares of Common Stock
for $0.91 per share for a total of $835
000.&nbsp;&nbsp;For each share purchased in this offering
 investors received an immediately
exercisable
 five year warrant to purchase one share of Common Stock at a price of $0.91 per share.&nbsp;&nbsp;In the concurrent
offering
 the Company sold 1
098
901 shares of Common Stock for $0.91 per share for a total of $1
000
000.&nbsp;&nbsp;The investor
in the concurrent offering did not receive warrants.&nbsp;



 2013
 the Company commenced a private
placement offering of up to 1
250
000 shares of its Common Stock (the &#8220;Private Placement&#8221;) at a price of $0.40 per
share pursuant to subscription agreements entered into with each investor.&nbsp;&nbsp;As of June 18
 2013
 the last date of the
offering
 1
171
705 shares of Common Stock were sold
 raising an aggregate of $468
682
 which amount included $20
000 of notes
then outstanding.



 the Company approved a repurchase of 12
497 shares
of Common Stock for $11
372.&nbsp;&nbsp;The shares were subsequently cancelled.



Stock to certain of its directors
 executive officers and employees. Unvested restricted shares are subject to forfeiture. With
the exception of 2
665
251 shares which vest based upon achieving certain milestones
 the Company records compensation expense
over the vesting period based upon the fair market value on the date of grant for each share
 adjusted for forfeitures.


 the Company issued 1
500
000
shares of Common Stock to an executive officer. The shares are subject to a restricted stock agreement
 and the vesting is conditional
upon the Company reaching certain performance goals. Should the executive officer&#8217;s employment with the Company end
 any
unvested shares are forfeited.


 the Company issued 465
000 shares
of Common Stock under the 2012 Plan to certain of its directors
 executive officers and employees.&nbsp;The shares are subject
to a restricted stock agreement
 pursuant to which the shares will vest one year from the date of such agreement if the grantee
is a director or employee (as applicable) of the Company at the time.


to directors
 executive officers and employees is as follows:



    
    

        
        
    
    

        
        
    

Unvested share balance
 January 1
 2013
    
    
4
453
516
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
608
441
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(88
309
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(183
240)
    
    
    
    
    

Unvested share balance
 December 31
 2013
    
    
4
790
408
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
965
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(663
416
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Unvested share balance
 December 31
 2014
    
    
6
091
992
    
    
    
    
    





        
        
        
        
        


 the Company
recorded share-based compensation expense of $2
920
667 and $833
139 for the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013
 respectively.&nbsp;&nbsp;As
of December 31
 2014
 there was $4
366
682 of total unrecognized compensation cost
 net of estimated forfeitures
 related to unvested
share-based compensation.&nbsp;&nbsp;That cost is expected to be recognized during the years 2015 and 2016.



 the Company issued warrants to purchase shares of
Common Stock at a price of $0.91 per share.&nbsp;&nbsp;The warrants are exercisable for five years from the date of issuance.



during the period:



    
    

        
        
    

Outstanding at January 1
 2014
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
197
194
    

    
    
    
&nbsp; 917
582
    

Outstanding at December 31
 2014
    
    
1
114
776
    

Exercisable at December 31
 2014
    
    
1
114
776
    



assumptions using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model used on the date of issuance for the warrants for the year ended December
31
 2014:&nbsp;




    
    
December 31
 2014
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    



for services rendered
 compensation expense of&nbsp;$246
479 and advisory fees of $18
460 were recorded during the year ended December
31
 2014.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Since the warrants are fully vested
 there is no future cost to the Company in connection with the warrants.&nbsp;&nbsp;Warrants
issued to investors as part of the 2014 Placements had no impact
 and will have no future impact
 on the Company&#8217;s statement
of operations.



 the Company entered into two
agreements pursuant to which the Company will receive advisory services related to strategy
 distributorship
 sales and sales channels
and investor relations.&nbsp;&nbsp;The Company granted to each advisor 100
000 shares of restricted Common Stock
 subject to forfeiture
if the advisor terminates or materially breaches the agreement before the six-month anniversary thereof.&nbsp;&nbsp;The aggregate
value of the advisory fees of $260
000 was calculated based upon the closing price of the Company&#8217;s Common Stock on the date
of the agreement
 and was charged to income in 2014.


 the Company issued 82
418
and 1
234 shares of Common Stock for advisory work and consulting work
 respectively.&nbsp;&nbsp;The number of shares issued was
calculated based upon the fair market value of the stock.


 2013
 the Company entered into
an advisor agreement whereby the Company would receive strategic business advisory services
 distributorship advisory services
sales and sales channel advisory services and investor relation advisory services in exchange for the issuance of 50
000 shares
of restricted Common Stock.&nbsp;&nbsp;The Common Stock vested on April 3
 2014.&nbsp;&nbsp;In connection with this issuance
 the
Company recorded $75
000 in consulting fees during the year ended December 31
 2014.



    


 2013
 the Company entered into an agreement for strategic
business advisory services
 public relations services and investor relations services with Mr. Ian Thompson.&nbsp;&nbsp;In connection
with this agreement
 the Company issued 167
204 shares of restricted Common Stock and recorded consulting fees of $501
612 during
2013
 which was the fair market value of the stock on the date of issue; there was no cash payment to Mr. Thompson by the Company.&nbsp;&nbsp;The
stock is fully vested; however it is restricted from trading. The advisor was also issued an additional 200
000 shares of restricted
Common Stock
 which was to vest quarterly based upon the Company reaching certain market capitalization and revenue goals
 in addition
to providing the above services
 with the last tranche vesting scheduled to vest on June 30
 2014. Consulting fees amounting to
$105
000 and $280
000 were recorded in 2014 and 2013
 respectively
 related to the additional 200
000 shares of Common Stock issued.&nbsp;&nbsp;Throughout
the term of the agreement
 the Company requested the advisor to render performance under the agreement and to provide evidence
of same. The Company believes
 however
 that Mr. Thompson failed to perform in all material respects under the terms of the agreement.&nbsp;&nbsp;On
June 27
 2014
 the Company terminated the agreement.&nbsp;&nbsp;Accordingly
 the final tranche of 50
000 shares did not vest.&nbsp;&nbsp;Further
the Company is taking all necessary steps for the cancellation of the other shares totaling 317
204 shares
 due to lack of delivery
of consideration and breach of the agreement.




 the Company granted certain directors
and employees of the Company stock options to purchase 620
000 shares of Common Stock pursuant to the 2012 Plan. The exercise price
is $0.255 per share and the options become exercisable in four equal tranches in February 2015
 August 2015
 February 2016 and
August 2016. They expire in August 2019.

 the Company granted certain directors
and employees of the Company stock options pursuant to purchase 210
000 shares of Common Stock at an exercise price of $2.07 per
share
 which was 115% of the last sale price of the Common Stock on the date of grant. The options were granted pursuant to the
2012 Plan and became exercisable in July 2014. They expire in July 2015.




    
    

        
        
    
    

        
        
    

Outstanding
 January 1
 2013
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
210
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding
 December 31
 2013
    
    
210
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
620
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding
 December 31
 2014
    
    
620
000
    
    
    
    
    

Exercisable
 December 31
 2014
    
    
210
000
    
    
    
    
    





 2014 and
2013
 compensation expense of $79
464 and $50
717
 respectively
 was recorded.


 2014
 there was $130
963
of total unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested stock options. That cost is expected to be recognized during 2015
and 2016 in conjunction with the vesting period.





    


and exercisable at December 31
 2014 and 2013 was $0 and $90
300
 respectively.&nbsp;&nbsp;Aggregate intrinsic value represents
the difference between the Company's closing stock price on the last trading day of the fiscal period
 which was&nbsp;$0.20 and
$2.50 as of December 31
 2014 and 2013
 respectively
 and the exercise price multiplied by the number of options outstanding.&nbsp;



assumptions using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model used on the date of the grants issued for the years ended December 31
2014 and 2013:&nbsp;


    
    
December 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



to the market price during 2014 and 2013 are as follows:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    






 2014
 accrued payroll amounted
to $220
677. This amount included $25
414 for December payroll paid in January 2015. It also included unpaid salary due to the
Chief Executive Officer of the Company of $167
500 pursuant to his employment agreement with the Company and unpaid salary of $27
763
payable to the Controller (and Principal Accounting Officer) of the Company for the year ended December 31
 2014. There was no
accrued payroll as of December 31
 2013.


 2014 and
2013
 the Company issued 23
272 and 42
714 shares of Common Stock
 respectively
 to employees as payment of salary in lieu of cash
equivalent to $37
000 and $100
692
 respectively.&nbsp;The shares were valued by the Company at the closing price of the Company&#8217;s
Common Stock on the last trading day of the applicable month for which payment was due. &nbsp;In addition
 accrued salary amounting
to $141
200 and $20
000 was converted into 35
300 shares of Series A Preferred Stock and 50
000 shares of Common Stock as part
of the Private Placement
 respectively.


 the Company received $24
000
in non-interest bearing
 demand loans from certain related parties.&nbsp;&nbsp;The loans were repaid in full by February 2014.


 various expenses of the Company
including advances for operating purposes
 were paid for or made by officers

to $187
500. In January 2013
 the Company received an additional advance of $50
000 from a shareholder of the Company.&nbsp;&nbsp;The
notes bore interest at rates varying between 8% and 10% and were due on September 15
 2013.&nbsp;&nbsp;


allowed the holders
 at their sole discretion
 to convert some or all of the principal amount of their note outstanding into equity
or debt securities issued by the Company in connection with any offering made by the Company during the period that the principal
amount of the note was outstanding.&nbsp;&nbsp;The conversion terms would be identical to the offering terms.&nbsp;&nbsp;On January
31
 2013
 the balance of notes outstanding of $237
500 was converted into 59
375 shares of Series A Preferred Stock.&nbsp;&nbsp;Accrued
interest of $7
261 was paid to the holders of the notes.&nbsp;&nbsp;Interest expense of $1
658 was charged to operations for the
year ended December 31
 2013.


    





Events
&#8221; 
in the financial statements. The effects of all subsequent events that provide additional evidence of conditions that existed at
the balance sheet date are recognized in the financial statements as of December 31
 2014. In preparing these financial statements
the Company evaluated the events and transactions that occurred through the date these financial statements were issued.&nbsp;

















































    















     






UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
AS AMENDED




 Glenn Simpson
 certify that:


have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Mojo Organics
 Inc.;


on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect
to the period covered by this report;


on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the issuer as of
 and for
 the periods presented in
this report;


am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the
registrant and have:


such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision
to ensure that material information relating to the issuer is made known to me by others within those entities
 particularly during
the period in which this report is being prepared;


such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;


the effectiveness of the issuer's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness
of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and


in this report any change in the issuer's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the issuer's most recent
fiscal quarter (the issuer's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably
likely to materially affect
 the issuer's internal control over financial reporting; and


have disclosed
 based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the issuer's auditors and
the audit committee of the issuer's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):


significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the issuer's ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information;
and


fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the issuer's internal
control over financial reporting.




    

/s/
    Glenn Simpson

    
    
    

    
    
    
        
















     







SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF
2002


Organics
 Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31
 2014 as filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the &ldquo;Report&rdquo;)
 each of the undersigned
 in the capacities and on the dates
indicated below
 hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002
 that:


Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and


information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operation
of the Company.





    

/s/
    Glenn Simpson

    
    
    

    
    
    
        






















        


        
        




        


        




        


        




        


        
        




        


        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        


        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        


        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        


        




        

          



        




        

          



        



      


      




          


          




      



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    





    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    
    
    
    
    


    
    


    






    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    


    
    
    
    
    

    

    
    
    
    

    

    
    
    





    
    


    
    

    

    
    
    




    
    

    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    
    
    




    
    

    
    


    
    

    

    
    
    





    
    


    
    
    
    




    
    




    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    

    
    



    
    



    
    

    
    
    



    


 Inc. (&amp;#147;MOJO&amp;#148; or&#13;the &amp;#147;Company&amp;#148;) was incorporated in the State of Delaware on August 2
 2007.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Headquartered in Jersey City
&#13;NJ
 the Company is a developer of emerging beverage brands that are natural
 USDA Organic
 non-genetically modified and certified&#13;by the Rainforest Alliance. Currently
 the Company produces CHIQUITA TROPICALS&amp;#153;
 which are 100% fruit juices
 produced under&#13;license agreement from Chiquita Brands L.L.C.
 a wholly owned subsidiary of Chiquita Br ands International
 Inc. (&amp;#147;CBII&amp;#148;).&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The&#13;Company currently produces four flavors: Banana Strawberry
 Mango

 the Company expanded its sales&#13;to the west coast
 New England and Central America. To grow its sales



 first-out method) or market. When necessary

 the related cost and accumulated depreciation are removed from the&#13;respective accounts and any gain or loss is credited or charged to income.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;At December 31
 2014 and 2013
 accumulated&#13;depreciation related to property and equipment was $5
539 and $1
553

 including in-store displays



 2014 and 2013

000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;210
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;Shares underlying warrants outstanding &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;1
114
776&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; background-color: silver&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;Total &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;1
944
776&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;210

 &amp;#147;&lt;i&gt;Start-Up&#13;Costs&lt;/i&gt;

 &amp;#147;&lt;i&gt;Income Taxes&lt;/i&gt;
&amp;#148; which requires the use of an asset and liability approach in accounting for income&#13;taxes. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recorded based on the differences between the financial statement and tax bases&#13;of assets and liabilities and the tax rates in effect when these differences are expected to reverse. ASC Topic 740 also requires&#13;the reduction of deferred tax assets by a valuation allowance if
 based on the weight of available evidence

 &amp;#147;&lt;i&gt;Accounting for Stock-Based&#13;Compensation&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#148; prescribes accounting and reporting standards for all stock-based compensation plans
 including employee&#13;stock options
 restricted stock
 employee stock purchase plans and stock appreciation rights. ASC Topic 718 requires employee compensation&#13;expense to be recorded using the fair value method. The Company&amp;#160;accounts for employee stock based compensation in accordance&#13;with the provisions&amp;#160;of ASC Topic 718. For non-employee options and warrants

 the derivative instrument is initially recorded at its fair value and is then re-valued&#13;at each reporting date
 with changes in fair value recognized in earnings each reporting period. The Company uses the Black-Scholes&#13;model to value the derivative instruments at inception and subsequent valuation dates and the value is re-assessed at the end of&#13;each reporting period
 in accordance with ASC Topic 815

&#13;which include accounts payable
 accrued expenses and debt obligations approximate their fair values due to their short-term nature&#13;and/or variable interest rates. The Company&amp;#146;s debt obligations bear interest at rates which approximate prevailing market&#13;rates for instruments with similar characteristics and
 accordingly

 &amp;#147;&lt;i&gt;Fair&#13;Value Measurement&lt;/i&gt;
&amp;#148; which established a framework for measuring fair value and expands disclosure about fair value measurements.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;ASC&#13;Topic 820 defines fair value as the amount that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (i.e.



 or inputs that are observable
 either directly or indirectly

 2014 or 2013. The Company did not have any fair value adjustments for&#13;assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis during the periods ended December 31

 FASB issued Accounting Standards&#13;Update (&amp;#147;ASU&amp;#148;) No. 2014-09
 which creates ASC Topic 606
 &amp;#147;&lt;i&gt;Revenue from Contracts with Customers&amp;#148;&lt;/i&gt;
&#13;and supersedes the revenue recognition requirements in Topic 605
 &amp;#147;&lt;i&gt;Revenue Recognition&amp;#148;&lt;/i&gt;
 including most industry-specific&#13;revenue recognition guidance throughout the Industry Topics of the Codification. In addition
 ASU 2014-09 supersedes the cost guidance&#13;in Subtopic 605-35
 &amp;#147;&lt;i&gt;Revenue Recognition&amp;#151;Construction-Type and Production-Type Contracts&lt;/i&gt;
&amp;#148; and creates&#13;new Subtopic 340-40
 &amp;#147;&lt;i&gt;Other Assets and Deferred Costs&amp;#151;Contracts with Customers&lt;/i&gt;.&amp;#148; In summary
 the core&#13;principle of ASC Topic 606 is to recognize revenue when promised goods or services are transferred to customers in an amount that&#13;reflects the consideration that is expected to be received for those goods or services. The amendments in ASU 2014-09 are effective&#13;for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2016
 including interim periods within that reporting period

 FASB issued ASU No. 2014-12
&#13;&amp;#147;&lt;i&gt;Compensation &amp;#150; Stock Compensation (Topic 718); Accounting for Share-Based Payments When the Terms of an Award Provide&#13;That a Performance Target Could Be Achieved after the Requisite Service Period&amp;#148;. &lt;/i&gt;The amendments in this ASU apply to&#13;all reporting entities that grant their employees share-based payments in which the terms of the award provide that a performance&#13;target that affects vesting could be achieved after the requisite service period. The amendments require that a performance target&#13;that affects vesting and that could be achieved after the requisite service period must be treated as a performance condition.&#13;A reporting entity should apply existing guidance in Topic 718 as it relates to awards with performance conditions that affect&#13;vesting to account for such awards. For all entities
 the amendments in this ASU are effective for annual periods and interim periods&#13;within those annual periods beginning after December 15

 FASB issued ASU 2014-15
 &amp;#147;&lt;i&gt;Presentation&#13;of Financial Statements Going Concern&lt;/i&gt; (Subtopic 205-40) &amp;#150; &lt;i&gt;Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity&amp;#146;s Ability&#13;to Continue as a Going Concern&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#148;. Currently
 there is no guidance in U.S. GAAP about management&amp;#146;s responsibility&#13;to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an entity&amp;#146;s ability to continue as a going concern or to provide related&#13;footnote disclosures. The amendments in this ASU provide that guidance. In doing so
 the amendments are intended to reduce diversity&#13;in the timing and content of footnote disclosures. The amendments require management to assess an entity&amp;#146;s ability to continue&#13;as a going concern by incorporating and expanding upon certain principles that are currently in U.S. auditing standards. Specifically
&#13;the amendments (1) provide a definition of the term &lt;i&gt;substantial doubt
 &lt;/i&gt;(2) require an evaluation every reporting period&#13;including interim periods
 (3) provide principles for considering the mitigating effect of management&amp;#146;s plans
 (4) require&#13;certain disclosures when substantial doubt is alleviated as a result of consideration of management&amp;#146;s plans
 (5) require&#13;an express statement and other disclosures when substantial doubt is not alleviated
 and (6) require an assessment for a period&#13;of one year after the date that the financial statements are issued (or available to be issued). The amendments in this ASU are&#13;effective for public and nonpublic entities for annual periods ending after December 15

 but not yet effective accounting standards
 if currently adopted

    
    

 first-out method) or market. When necessary

    

 the related cost and accumulated depreciation are removed from the&#13;respective accounts and any gain or loss is credited or charged to income.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;At December 31
 2014 and 2013
 accumulated&#13;depreciation related to property and equipment was $5
539 and $1
553

    

 including in-store displays





 2014 and 2013

000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;210
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;Shares underlying warrants outstanding &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;1
114
776&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; background-color: silver&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;Total &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;1
944
776&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;210


 &amp;#147;&lt;i&gt;Start-Up&#13;Costs&lt;/i&gt;


 &amp;#147;&lt;i&gt;Income Taxes&lt;/i&gt;
&amp;#148; which requires the use of an asset and liability approach in accounting for income&#13;taxes. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recorded based on the differences between the financial statement and tax bases&#13;of assets and liabilities and the tax rates in effect when these differences are expected to reverse. ASC Topic 740 also requires&#13;the reduction of deferred tax assets by a valuation allowance if
 based on the weight of available evidence


 &amp;#147;&lt;i&gt;Accounting for Stock-Based&#13;Compensation&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#148; prescribes accounting and reporting standards for all stock-based compensation plans
 including employee&#13;stock options
 restricted stock
 employee stock purchase plans and stock appreciation rights. ASC Topic 718 requires employee compensation&#13;expense to be recorded using the fair value method. The Company&amp;#160;accounts for employee stock based compensation in accordance&#13;with the provisions&amp;#160;of ASC Topic 718. For non-employee options and warrants


 the derivative instrument is initially recorded at its fair value and is then re-valued&#13;at each reporting date
 with changes in fair value recognized in earnings each reporting period. The Company uses the Black-Scholes&#13;model to value the derivative instruments at inception and subsequent valuation dates and the value is re-assessed at the end of&#13;each reporting period
 in accordance with ASC Topic 815


&#13;which include accounts payable
 accrued expenses and debt obligations approximate their fair values due to their short-term nature&#13;and/or variable interest rates. The Company&amp;#146;s debt obligations bear interest at rates which approximate prevailing market&#13;rates for instruments with similar characteristics and
 accordingly

 &amp;#147;&lt;i&gt;Fair&#13;Value Measurement&lt;/i&gt;
&amp;#148; which established a framework for measuring fair value and expands disclosure about fair value measurements.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;ASC&#13;Topic 820 defines fair value as the amount that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (i.e.



 or inputs that are observable
 either directly or indirectly

 2014 or 2013. The Company did not have any fair value adjustments for&#13;assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis during the periods ended December 31


 FASB issued Accounting Standards&#13;Update (&amp;#147;ASU&amp;#148;) No. 2014-09
 which creates ASC Topic 606
 &amp;#147;&lt;i&gt;Revenue from Contracts with Customers&amp;#148;&lt;/i&gt;
&#13;and supersedes the revenue recognition requirements in Topic 605
 &amp;#147;&lt;i&gt;Revenue Recognition&amp;#148;&lt;/i&gt;
 including most industry-specific&#13;revenue recognition guidance throughout the Industry Topics of the Codification. In addition
 ASU 2014-09 supersedes the cost guidance&#13;in Subtopic 605-35
 &amp;#147;&lt;i&gt;Revenue Recognition&amp;#151;Construction-Type and Production-Type Contracts&lt;/i&gt;
&amp;#148; and creates&#13;new Subtopic 340-40
 &amp;#147;&lt;i&gt;Other Assets and Deferred Costs&amp;#151;Contracts with Customers&lt;/i&gt;.&amp;#148; In summary
 the core&#13;principle of ASC Topic 606 is to recognize revenue when promised goods or services are transferred to customers in an amount that&#13;reflects the consideration that is expected to be received for those goods or services. The amendments in ASU 2014-09 are effective&#13;for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2016
 including interim periods within that reporting period

 FASB issued ASU No. 2014-12
&#13;&amp;#147;&lt;i&gt;Compensation &amp;#150; Stock Compensation (Topic 718); Accounting for Share-Based Payments When the Terms of an Award Provide&#13;That a Performance Target Could Be Achieved after the Requisite Service Period&amp;#148;. &lt;/i&gt;The amendments in this ASU apply to&#13;all reporting entities that grant their employees share-based payments in which the terms of the award provide that a performance&#13;target that affects vesting could be achieved after the requisite service period. The amendments require that a performance target&#13;that affects vesting and that could be achieved after the requisite service period must be treated as a performance condition.&#13;A reporting entity should apply existing guidance in Topic 718 as it relates to awards with performance conditions that affect&#13;vesting to account for such awards. For all entities
 the amendments in this ASU are effective for annual periods and interim periods&#13;within those annual periods beginning after December 15

 FASB issued ASU 2014-15
 &amp;#147;&lt;i&gt;Presentation&#13;of Financial Statements Going Concern&lt;/i&gt; (Subtopic 205-40) &amp;#150; &lt;i&gt;Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity&amp;#146;s Ability&#13;to Continue as a Going Concern&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#148;. Currently
 there is no guidance in U.S. GAAP about management&amp;#146;s responsibility&#13;to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an entity&amp;#146;s ability to continue as a going concern or to provide related&#13;footnote disclosures. The amendments in this ASU provide that guidance. In doing so
 the amendments are intended to reduce diversity&#13;in the timing and content of footnote disclosures. The amendments require management to assess an entity&amp;#146;s ability to continue&#13;as a going concern by incorporating and expanding upon certain principles that are currently in U.S. auditing standards. Specifically
&#13;the amendments (1) provide a definition of the term &lt;i&gt;substantial doubt
 &lt;/i&gt;(2) require an evaluation every reporting period&#13;including interim periods
 (3) provide principles for considering the mitigating effect of management&amp;#146;s plans
 (4) require&#13;certain disclosures when substantial doubt is alleviated as a result of consideration of management&amp;#146;s plans
 (5) require&#13;an express statement and other disclosures when substantial doubt is not alleviated
 and (6) require an assessment for a period&#13;of one year after the date that the financial statements are issued (or available to be issued). The amendments in this ASU are&#13;effective for public and nonpublic entities for annual periods ending after December 15

 but not yet effective accounting standards
 if currently adopted


000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;210
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;Shares underlying warrants outstanding &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;1
114
776&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; background-color: silver&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;Total &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;1
944
776&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;210

    
    
    

    
    
    
    

 2014
 the Company incurred a net loss from continuing&#13;operations of $5
215
122.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;At December 31
 2014
 the Company had accumulated losses of $18
336
844
 which includes accumulated&#13;losses from discontinued operations of $8
576

 2014
 the Company owed CBII minimum royalty&#13;payments of $507

    
    

 2014
 inventory consisted&#13;of finished goods of $308
708 and raw materials of $136
620. As of December 31
 2013
 the inventory balance of $87

    
    
    

 2013
 the Company entered into&#13;an amended and restated securities purchase agreement for the offer and sale of its Series A Convertible Preferred Stock
 par value&#13;$0.001 (&amp;#147;Series A Preferred Stock&amp;#148;) at a price of $4.00 per share.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;In connection with the private sale of&#13;its Series A Preferred Stock
 the Company raised gross proceeds of $790
834
 including $378

 &amp;#147;&lt;i&gt;Derivatives&#13;and Hedging&lt;/i&gt;

 2013
 a&#13;total of 197
708.5 shares of the Series A Preferred Stock had been converted into 1
977
085 shares of Common Stock. As of December&#13;31
 2014 and 2013

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

&amp;#160;&amp;#160;in the opinion&amp;#160;&amp;#160;of&amp;#160;&amp;#160;management

&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: silver&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 60%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;Tax benefit at federal statutory rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;34.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 3%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;34.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 3%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;State tax expense

&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: silver&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 60%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;Income tax expense at statutory rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 3%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;(877
136&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 3%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;(1
384
328&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;Valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;877
136&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;1
384

&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: silver&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;Net operating loss carryover&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;877
136&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;1
384
328&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;Valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;(877
136&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;(1
384

 2014
 the Company had available net operating loss carry-forwards of approximately $4
863
000&#13;which expire in various years through the year ending December 31
 2034.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Utilization of the tax loss carry-forwards&#13;are not assured
 however
 because the Company has incurred significant operating losses.&amp;#160; As a result
 the deferred income&#13;tax asset arising from these net operating loss carry-forwards and from other temporary differences are not recorded in the accompanying&#13;Balance Sheets.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Due to the uncertainty of the Company&amp;#146;s realization of this benefit


&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: silver&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 60%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;Tax benefit at federal statutory rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;34.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 3%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;34.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 3%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;State tax expense

&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: silver&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 60%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;Income tax expense at statutory rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 3%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;(877
136&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 3%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;(1
384
328&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;Valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;877
136&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;1
384


&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: silver&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;Net operating loss carryover&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;877
136&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;1
384
328&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;Valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;(877
136&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;(1
384

    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    

 2014.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The base monthly office fee under that&#13;agreement is $1
147.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Prior to that

 2012
 the Company entered&#13;into a license agreement (&amp;#147;License Agreement&amp;#148;) for the use of a third party&amp;#146;s marks in the manufacture
 sale
&#13;promotion
 marketing
 advertising and distribution of certain fruit juice products in select containers. The License&#13;Agreement grants the Company an exclusive license in Connecticut
 New Jersey and New York and a non-exclusive license for the&#13;other states in the United States
 plus Costa Rica
 El Salvador
 Guatemala
 Honduras and Nicaragua. The term of the License&#13;Agreement is for seven years from July 2013 (the date that the Company first invoiced customers for products sold under the&#13;License Agreement)
 subject to the Company meeting certain minimum sales volume and/or minimum royalty payments. The Company&#13;did not meet its minimum sales volume requirements during the six months ended December 31
 2014
 June 30
 2014 and December&#13;31
 2013. Termination of the License Agreement could have a material and adverse impact on the Company&amp;#146;s business.&#13;&amp;#160;During the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013
 the accrued royalty payment due to the third party was $507
223 and&#13;$184
240
 respectively.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Future minimum royalty payments (in thousands) are $1
265 for 2015
 $1
850 for 2016
&#13;$2
611 for 2017 and $11

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

000
000 shares&#13;of preferred stock (&amp;#147;Preferred Stock&amp;#148;) and 190
000
000 shares of common stock (&amp;#147;Common Stock&amp;#148;)

 the Company approved the 2012&#13;Long-Term Incentive Equity Plan (the &amp;#147;2012 Plan&amp;#148;)
 which provides the Company with the ability to issue stock options
&#13;stock appreciation rights
 restricted stock and/or stock based awards for up to an aggregate of 2
050

 2013

 the Company consummated two&#13;concurrent private placement offerings (the &amp;#147;2014 Offerings&amp;#148;)
 receiving an aggregate of $1
819
832
 net of expenses
&#13;from accredited investors.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;In one of the offerings
 the Company sold an aggregate of 917
582 shares of Common Stock&#13;for $0.91 per share for a total of $835
000.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;For each share purchased in this offering
 investors received an immediately&#13;exercisable
 five year warrant to purchase one share of Common Stock at a price of $0.91 per share.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;In the concurrent&#13;offering
 the Company sold 1
098
901 shares of Common Stock for $0.91 per share for a total of $1
000

 2013
 the Company commenced a private&#13;placement offering of up to 1
250
000 shares of its Common Stock (the &amp;#147;Private Placement&amp;#148;) at a price of $0.40 per&#13;share pursuant to subscription agreements entered into with each investor.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;As of June 18
 2013
 the last date of the&#13;offering
 1
171
705 shares of Common Stock were sold
 raising an aggregate of $468
682
 which amount included $20

 the Company approved a&#13;repurchase of 12
497 shares of Common Stock for $11

 executive officers and employees. Unvested restricted shares are subject to forfeiture.&#13;With the exception of 2
665
251 shares which vest based upon achieving certain milestones
 the Company records compensation expense&#13;over the vesting period based upon the fair market value on the date of grant for each share

 the Company issued 1
500
000&#13;shares of Common Stock to an executive officer. The shares are subject to a restricted stock agreement
 and the vesting is conditional&#13;upon the Company reaching certain performance goals. Should the executive officer&amp;#146;s employment with the Company end

 the Company issued 465
000 shares&#13;of Common Stock under the 2012 Plan to certain of its directors
 executive officers and employees.&amp;#160;The shares are subject&#13;to a restricted stock agreement


 January 1
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 5%; border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;4
453
516&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 8%; border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;1.35&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;608
441&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;2.15&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: silver&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Vested&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;(88
309&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;1.40&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Forfeited&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;(183
240)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;1.40&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: silver&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;Unvested share balance
 December 31
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;4
790
408&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;1.45&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;1
965
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;0.49&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: silver&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Vested&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;(663
416&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;2.09&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Forfeited&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: silver&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;Unvested share balance
 December 31
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;6
091

 the Company&#13;recorded share-based compensation expense of $2
920
667 and $833
139 for the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013
 respectively.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;As&#13;of December 31
 2014
 there was $4
366
682 of total unrecognized compensation cost
 net of estimated forfeitures


 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; width: 5%; font-size: 11pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; width: 5%; font-size: 11pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; width: 15%; font-size: 12pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; width: 5%; font-size: 11pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-size: 12pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;Issued for services&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; font-size: 11pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; font-size: 11pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; font-size: 12pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;197
194&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; font-size: 11pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: silver&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-size: 12pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;Issued in connection with the 2014 Offerings&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; font-size: 11pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; font-size: 11pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; font-size: 12pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160; 917
582&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; font-size: 11pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-size: 12pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;Outstanding at December 31
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; font-size: 11pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; font-size: 11pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; font-size: 12pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;1
114
776&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; font-size: 11pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: silver&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-size: 12pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;Exercisable at December 31
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; font-size: 11pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; font-size: 11pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; font-size: 12pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;1
114



 compensation expense of&amp;#160;$246
479 and advisory fees of $18
460 were recorded during the year ended December&#13;31
 2014.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Since the warrants are fully vested
 there is no future cost to the Company in connection with the warrants.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Warrants&#13;issued to investors as part of the 2014 Placements had no impact
 and will have no future impact

 the Company entered into two&#13;agreements pursuant to which the Company will receive advisory services related to strategy
 distributorship
 sales and sales channels&#13;and investor relations.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The Company granted to each advisor 100
000 shares of restricted Common Stock
 subject to forfeiture&#13;if the advisor terminates or materially breaches the agreement before the six-month anniversary thereof.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The aggregate&#13;value of the advisory fees of $260
000 was calculated based upon the closing price of the Company&amp;#146;s Common Stock on the date&#13;of the agreement

 the Company issued 82
418&#13;and 1
234 shares of Common Stock for advisory work and consulting work

 2013
&#13;the Company entered into an advisor agreement whereby the Company would receive strategic business advisory services
 distributorship&#13;advisory services
 sales and sales channel advisory services and investor relation advisory services in exchange for the issuance&#13;of 50
000 shares of restricted Common Stock.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The Common Stock vested on April 3
 2014.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;In connection with&#13;this issuance
 the Company recorded $75
000 in consulting fees during the year ended December 31

 2013
 the Company entered&#13;into an agreement for strategic business advisory services
 public relations services and investor relations services with&#13;Mr. Ian Thompson.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;In connection with this agreement
 the Company issued 167
204 shares of restricted Common Stock&#13;and recorded consulting fees of $501
612 during 2013
 which was the fair market value of the stock on the date of issue;&#13;there was no cash payment to Mr. Thompson by the Company.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The stock is fully vested; however it is restricted from&#13;trading. The advisor was also issued an additional 200
000 shares of restricted Common Stock
 which was to vest quarterly&#13;based upon the Company reaching certain market capitalization and revenue goals
 in addition to providing the above services
&#13;with the last tranche vesting scheduled to vest on June 30
 2014. Consulting fees amounting to $105
000 and $280
000 were&#13;recorded in 2014 and 2013
 respectively
 related to the additional 200
000 shares of Common Stock issued. Throughout the term&#13;of the agreement
 the Company requested the advisor to render performance under the agreement and to provide evidence of&#13;same. The Company believes
 however
 that Mr. Thompson failed to perform in all material respects under the terms of the&#13;agreement.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;On June 27
 2014
 the Company terminated the agreement.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Accordingly
 the final tranche of&#13;50
000 shares did not vest.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Further
 the Company is taking all necessary steps for the cancellation of the other&#13;shares totaling 317
204 shares


 January 1
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 5%; border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;4
453
516&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 8%; border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;1.35&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;608
441&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;2.15&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: silver&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Vested&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;(88
309&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;1.40&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Forfeited&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;(183
240)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;1.40&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: silver&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;Unvested share balance
 December 31
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;4
790
408&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;1.45&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;1
965
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;0.49&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: silver&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Vested&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;(663
416&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;2.09&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Forfeited&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: silver&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;Unvested share balance
 December 31
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;6
091


 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; width: 5%; font-size: 11pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; width: 5%; font-size: 11pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; width: 15%; font-size: 12pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; width: 5%; font-size: 11pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-size: 12pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;Issued for services&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; font-size: 11pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; font-size: 11pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; font-size: 12pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;197
194&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; font-size: 11pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: silver&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-size: 12pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;Issued in connection with the 2014 Offerings&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; font-size: 11pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; font-size: 11pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; font-size: 12pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160; 917
582&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; font-size: 11pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-size: 12pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;Outstanding at December 31
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; font-size: 11pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; font-size: 11pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; font-size: 12pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;1
114
776&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; font-size: 11pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: silver&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-size: 12pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;Exercisable at December 31
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; font-size: 11pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; font-size: 11pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; font-size: 12pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;1
114



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

 the Company granted certain directors&#13;and employees of the Company stock options to purchase 620
000 shares of Common Stock pursuant to the 2012 Plan. The exercise&#13;price is $0.255 per share and the options become exercisable in four equal tranches in February 2015
 August 2015
 February 2016&#13;and August 2016. They expire in August 2019.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/115% Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0 0 10pt&gt;In July 2013
 the Company granted certain directors&#13;and employees of the Company stock options pursuant to purchase 210
000 shares of Common Stock at an exercise price of $2.07 per&#13;share

&#13;    January 1
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=color: Black&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 3%; border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=color: Black&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 11%; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; color: Black; line-height: 115%&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=color: Black&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=color: Black&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 5%; border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; color: Black; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 13%; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; color: Black; line-height: 115%&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; width: 20%; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=color: Black&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; color: Black; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=color: Black&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=color: Black&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; color: Black; line-height: 115%&gt;210
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=color: Black&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=color: Black&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=color: Black&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; color: Black; line-height: 115%&gt;2.070&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; text-align: right&gt;0.5&lt;font style=color: Black&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; color: Black; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Forfeited&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=color: Black&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=color: Black&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; color: Black; line-height: 115%&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=color: Black&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=color: Black&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=color: Black&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; color: Black; line-height: 115%&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=color: Black&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: silver&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; color: Black; line-height: 115%&gt;Outstanding
&#13;    December 31
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=color: Black&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=color: Black&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; color: Black; line-height: 115%&gt;210
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=color: Black&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=color: Black&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; color: Black; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; color: Black; line-height: 115%&gt;2.070&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;0.5&lt;font style=color: Black&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; color: Black; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=color: Black&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=color: Black&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; color: Black; line-height: 115%&gt;620
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=color: Black&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=color: Black&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=color: Black&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; color: Black; line-height: 115%&gt;0.255&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; text-align: right&gt;4.6&lt;font style=color: Black&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; color: Black; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Forfeited&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=color: Black&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=color: Black&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; color: Black; line-height: 115%&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=color: Black&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=color: Black&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=color: Black&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; color: Black; line-height: 115%&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=color: Black&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: silver&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; color: Black; line-height: 115%&gt;Outstanding
&#13;    December 31
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=color: Black&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=color: Black&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; color: Black; line-height: 115%&gt;620
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=color: Black&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=color: Black&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; color: Black; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; color: Black; line-height: 115%&gt;0.255&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; text-align: right&gt;4.4&lt;font style=color: Black&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: silver&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;Exercisable
 December 31
 2014&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;210

 2014 and&#13;2013
 compensation expense of $79
464 and $50
717
 respectively

 2014
 there was $130

 2014 and 2013 was $0 and $90
300
 respectively.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Aggregate intrinsic value represents&#13;the difference between the Company's closing stock price on the last trading day of the fiscal period
 which was&amp;#160;$0.20 and&#13;$2.50 as of December 31
 2014 and 2013
 respectively

&#13;2014 and 2013:&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31


&#13;    January 1
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=color: Black&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 3%; border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=color: Black&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 11%; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; color: Black; line-height: 115%&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=color: Black&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=color: Black&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 5%; border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; color: Black; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 13%; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; color: Black; line-height: 115%&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; width: 20%; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=color: Black&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; color: Black; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=color: Black&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=color: Black&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; color: Black; line-height: 115%&gt;210
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=color: Black&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=color: Black&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=color: Black&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; color: Black; line-height: 115%&gt;2.070&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; text-align: right&gt;0.5&lt;font style=color: Black&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; color: Black; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Forfeited&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=color: Black&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=color: Black&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; color: Black; line-height: 115%&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=color: Black&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=color: Black&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=color: Black&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; color: Black; line-height: 115%&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=color: Black&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: silver&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; color: Black; line-height: 115%&gt;Outstanding
&#13;    December 31
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=color: Black&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=color: Black&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; color: Black; line-height: 115%&gt;210
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=color: Black&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=color: Black&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; color: Black; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; color: Black; line-height: 115%&gt;2.070&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;0.5&lt;font style=color: Black&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; color: Black; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=color: Black&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=color: Black&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; color: Black; line-height: 115%&gt;620
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=color: Black&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=color: Black&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=color: Black&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; color: Black; line-height: 115%&gt;0.255&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; text-align: right&gt;4.6&lt;font style=color: Black&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; color: Black; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Forfeited&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=color: Black&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=color: Black&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; color: Black; line-height: 115%&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=color: Black&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=color: Black&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=color: Black&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; color: Black; line-height: 115%&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=color: Black&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: silver&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; color: Black; line-height: 115%&gt;Outstanding
&#13;    December 31
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=color: Black&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=color: Black&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; color: Black; line-height: 115%&gt;620
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=color: Black&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=color: Black&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; color: Black; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; color: Black; line-height: 115%&gt;0.255&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; text-align: right&gt;4.4&lt;font style=color: Black&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: silver&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;Exercisable
 December 31
 2014&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;210


&#13;2014 and 2013:&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31

    

    


    
    
    




    
    
    
    
    


    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

&lt;i&gt; &amp;#147;Subsequent&#13;Events
&amp;#148; &lt;/i&gt;the Company evaluates events and transactions that occur after the balance sheet date for potential recognition&#13;in the financial statements. The effects of all subsequent events that provide additional evidence of conditions that existed at&#13;the balance sheet date are recognized in the financial statements as of December 31
 2014. In preparing these financial statements

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

 2014
 accrued payroll amounted&#13;to $220
677. This amount included $25
414 for December payroll paid in January 2015. It also included unpaid salary due to the&#13;Chief Executive Officer of the Company of $167
500 pursuant to his employment agreement with the Company and unpaid salary of $27
763&#13;payable to the Controller (and Principal Accounting Officer) of the Company for the year ended December 31
 2014. There was no&#13;accrued payroll as of December 31

 2014 and&#13;2013
 the Company issued 23
272 and 42
714 shares of Common Stock
 respectively
 to employees as payment of salary in lieu of cash
&#13;equivalent to $37
000 and $100
692
 respectively.&amp;#160;The shares were valued by the Company at the closing price of the Company&amp;#146;s&#13;Common Stock on the last trading day of the applicable month for which payment was due. &amp;#160;In addition
 accrued salary amounting&#13;to $141
200 and $20
000 was converted into 35
300 shares of Series A Preferred Stock and 50
000 shares of Common Stock as part&#13;of the Private Placement

 the Company received $24
000&#13;in non-interest bearing

 various expenses of the Company
&#13;including advances for operating purposes
 were paid for or made by officers&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;and shareholders of the Company and amounted&#13;to $187
500. In January 2013
 the Company received an additional advance of $50
000 from a shareholder of the Company.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The&#13;notes bore interest at rates varying between 8% and 10% and were due on September 15

 at their sole discretion
 to convert some or all of the principal amount of their note outstanding into equity&#13;or debt securities issued by the Company in connection with any offering made by the Company during the period that the principal&#13;amount of the note was outstanding.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The conversion terms would be identical to the offering terms.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;On January&#13;31
 2013
 the balance of notes outstanding of $237
500 was converted into 59
375 shares of Series A Preferred Stock.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Accrued&#13;interest of $7
261 was paid to the holders of the notes.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Interest expense of $1
658 was charged to operations for the&#13;year ended December 31

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    





















	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  



 Stock Options

	  
	  
	  



 Stock Options

	  
	  
	  



 Stock Options

	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  




	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  











































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      



 10
000
000 shares authorized at $0.001 par value




 190
000
000 shares authorized at $0.001 par value
 16
907
396 and 12
631
485 shares issued and outstanding



      


      


      


      


































      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      

      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      






      


      











 net of forfeitures



      






      






      






      


      






      





      





      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      










      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      



 Stock Options




 Stock Options




 Stock Options



      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      



 Stock Options




 Stock Options




 January 1



      


      


      


      










 Stock Options



      


      


      



 Stock Options




 Stock Options



      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


 at Federal Statutory Income Tax Rate



      






      



 Rent Expense







      


      



 Future Minimum Payments Due















      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      

      


      


      


      






      














 Shares











      





      


 Original Debt



      






      

      






      


 Shares



 Value



      


      


      


      


      


 Options
 Grants in Period



 Options
 Grants in Period














      



 Nonvested Awards
 Compensation Cost Not yet Recognized




 Options
 Outstanding



      


      


      


      








 Related Parties



      


 Original Debt



 Converted Instrument


      






 Shares



 Value





      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      


 personal
 or intellectual. Almost always


      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      


 Distributorship


      

      

      




      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      




      




      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      




      

      

      

      


 Plant


      


 Related Parties


      










      














 Options
 Outstanding



 Options
 Forfeitures in Period



 Options
 Outstanding



 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested



 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested



 Equity Instruments Other than Options



 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Grants in Period



 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Vested in Period



 Equity Instruments Other than Options



 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Forfeitures




























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        
        
        

      


















        
        
        
        
        


        
$ 7
946
400
$ 5
071
700
        
        


        
13
096
300
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Grants in Period
 Gross
210
000
        
        
        


Share-based Compensation Arrangements by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Grants in Period
 Weighted Average Exercise Price
        
        
        
        


Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Terms of Award
        
        
        
        


Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Vest Date
        
        
        
        


Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Expiration Date

  2015
        
        
        


        
5
071
700
        
        
        


Employee Service Share-based Compensation
 Nonvested Awards
 Compensation Cost Not yet Recognized
 Period for Recognition
        
        
        
        


Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Outstanding
 Intrinsic Value
        
$ 9
030
000
$ 62
000
000
$ 21
000
000


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 equity-based employee remuneration. This may include the value of stock or unit options
 amortization of restricted stock or units
 and adjustment for officers' compensation. As noncash
 this element is an add back when calculating net cash generated by operating activities using the indirect method.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in CCYY-MM-DD format.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx

M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M``````````````````````````````````````#




H?;/
B9?*84.:=XYK8
M=CY^R!B
[TT8OOP_X''?SWPTH6NHN-4A_=!]QN!KP_^ZL/KCW*H\7&0/I5LL

O+G)E;'




MB=!(X/

$

M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````

MQN$5PI%;91RY13A
RCA


3
GICVUS

$!@*N;;QY=#X
MKI1M^`JY
&G3$


3S64




U:;$PX

M:P_YH(





7_
MB1G&ML1


/$`


.BU$@4MHX^*B+W22








9/;9+H'.$
MT''
L1

\6.]/;;TUQ^*.H

XME#N`B'A@
MZ\/'


S!6QNBZB

M&H)1


M*7B$2CKH07T%#YD[OQ]R-B9T6"PJTDYLORJN:^\$)WJ+\N[%S1V-WCTQW







M;E;7CVWC/!`N*.LR%WF!ZYN87M=IG[Z^?=U=QUA


M(/5;3#O7


_J6%IP)5DD/Z'PC]#SGA;_P

ML7L%_5*J5Q#LGT7?Z0I\YTY)*KQOY`]V^$SHKI90[@0R4HDMRZ=;(@IP%&B\
M
%%
!6M``%R=EJK6`$?PH[X?:GKS(U2+YD%$0*XLR5WE%%Z3K%7DC6_C$@



MG2I1;D70DZ\K4D&`.TD\C&8COQ%I
/&H.C]Y
5$03Q6\OK

MW1P%MG58G;$QF*DYD67.@+'-F5TB1H%M
?%THXW!S+0I23`+0UO)*0#-XS!^

YJAG

M'V8#&DY;BBS1:D`KEA-19MZ:0=(2OB



RYX;6R45%UOVR`4?9^T_X!XK_%7G#J*

4V^-QS[KGWPO+J6?;HB6LC


Z+JF)U
@'^-
H+:F%I6Z)&36GM0^2/4GCN2B@$'AH4^AT
U
MC6#\5K&-Y(
-))KWU$+^IA.CV;-)=@Z=I/IQ


J.-&\J?)TL
M;@I
,L`3A:<V/OA*/$B&V,5?)W`4[JD2[DC@O2-)BBA/9_/+
M,UA(R,@;O*66KI9:;1$,#6B:D;H13!;`_+XCL.*PUPY<81AJ2-9`%YY669DO
MR1.4CNTP-P$#SPF33`@HI
RJ)VO[

M:?*:?E`.F-P/S*&?_%C(S4C^UQG95]0%51C
3-7*RMED)`@&3)G[@L=1]EKQ



P$'U?:?_!\GNYA@!12-6DZFZE76FU






U%A3-1%F/K9#7-)5G$1)(=D/;D-TR6;
?J6B$J

\)%VLMH7+;I^KNR%

TO````__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`


M5`


V
Y8)?\$37(B!49Z
M8@S`_.E[&J79*!G=02'!D
]O22V=Y5H=$
P

^.['?



PY%B[-)G/4%BR#PUGI.AO_C

O



?5_3E@FB/3FP'K[4

&].N6




M&+*^YM7;`]
#WE7V8)M91NZE7+O7AR6B=XO$Q^7L<Z3BSW=E;.3H'N'
M)F;9Q.\4.$PRKJA#7\EQP8]]67)P<R45ESL\W*%'8;\TZC,`VCU;!UO6)

`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0`U

M

I:V)6U4RPO\R@U^




MO!?H/PB\1R^_8L-R$#M(&Z`%BJ*/





Z7N.E
1+]TJ+
MZJ\!M15U)/&19`3JC^NQ'U]/HLGT?9;`*&H+O*.:KI92'#PX-9!3-13/8+0`
M9JQL#)J

MLU'':\09S+A3N[$3N:QFQG[-(5S_+87N`G.FJ-@W%-@,)8*^`H@%
QO'8$



MSNK%USB'

``/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`+FR;77$

5+)F*7YB&E]M/GY8

%2%KQO%2-9N$I4?!4'B

)NA[Z`11]X=F0J5H@&+/



I:30V5^R.-GQHO20+5G8
:7/'+25&]*-%'\<*#Q1.9+H
IQ&<]S6^


`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0#JXU#=IP
`

U+GAM;)2676^C.!2&[T?:
?V<
MX^.#EU]?ZLIY9E)QT:Q<X@6NPYIE+S9K]Q?/Q_OYJZC-&U*6HF&K=Q7IMRO

X_2EY^9TW#+(-

J!M94+34U
M2!;@;*+(#_(

B6_C/DM.@UFVL-L17Y


M

U^N45OX^



V+GAM;)1576^;
!1]G[3_
M8/F]@`F$)`JIVE3=)FW2-.WCV3$F6
\SR<A\T6A8


M2P
J`-;E5Q5U'YM&T&B:@:H-CPDNO7EI0X53)_S&LAZ::$N%^$4T.W&WC
MC+[BB11*9-H%.L\(/8]YYLT\8%HN4@X1H.V.9%E,;H/Y.O)MURT!OWA;*=.

(]R1#4[\=#-YQ&033^/XMG%+4!WE%-
MEPLI=@YD#:RI&HHY&
R!&2



'
1JUG@3OK2[/&?7=ZM
S2-;I&%X+[NL:V


4R%WK%9


N4^?+;H9)U]GR=;\3GN4?




MGMJ_Y.5W41R.+90[@!6IA2UW/QY%DT-&@69!`\64RQ
(@$^G+%1K0$:R]^[O

MG





M9OSI=
MNJ%9!YR2P)*9:A9=W#@AM
^A6;Y9CJZ^!]E[S;9TC?GH*S^
1N*0!19QS3._
M)V^6L9.QLW/;0C7FSN2ZOY#G1DEG&3H9.SJWK5-C
%M12&/;)%(#P0A\C;R7


\GXX]GUNIV6H




M


M!+I=?ORPV#/^*II`


ML$YJ!3:
/2KIUT+=@F#O+/I!K\`/[A2DQ+M:_F3[+X1N*PG+'4-&*K%Y\7)/





M*NMZ(`F3*)C




\VZ_N
WSV=WPJXVUM9VO[KJ#T9.L-YZ/


+O/




Q5=]@=]7+`

MM:?]GBD34;:7\]#5L
6^QZ/WC%Q$OOED

_RCRBW

M=7LHN?G0T`H8T[PWZ



_&S%US?Z;Q8V^ULOMBQ
MI=8W.CM8NZV][8?AZ$=8I+W9H/W^;EO_;[?;`X'L'M)A#4=;K3@9P?Q-E
MD#WAY^M!;]#2=$XCTWWXV$?+^37V2$2#@-_E3U[G=N@Y\V)G8D3-C6!^BPR


M)_G4%.92
X1+-;[#5I447$ZK\QQ+
6]KIH
Q;B^++?O]Z^FX8/TW_/L\.YN.
MK]M



M


MH2CZV



IK`MY3:3N]_\\+V;2\(6[*KTQ*AY?1WZ:


UZ&F$_




+=W37/C!\=BOY2,OWIV=O3E46$N8^?KXXN#-Z<6[\\/L]@[

N
]
6=C1_.2MI9:JL^?/)





MJ6



M[PY4[\-]R_9)CLA'6XWI]B&`ZID()'Y6?X[*RPZ^.2;+?KF?79)Y/S[8?W/Q


MRGO4+BW&SZ?*?`)


MT7G1POO%_.XN\
K%X&:$`/14+

:_\-@AJA5&YC@
O0&
%T1DYOBGUXOGR@F`S6B
MY+O10)]

^CO@!NAX/?Y
MG:=
F%2ZZ/J:7(@M`*S4?AG:O?/

MGDPVL$(RM



)BDLZ
M1WQ2%(:7P`]!*YM$S

M+2XYAL:JAR\HP28_+:`%`+$#5NVI'O+
3

QK=\&SC6[BXB&D^DK0+6P!:#[#Y$8ZBU8



MFVF!AF-P
/TP0-MB^N$




S5U4]3?&D8H^K_+8[


_\AX
/V/K?&?\

D?!=#M[L.5*_2J%CR7_DY)7^I)0T.D8U2

MKPD#QA^$K0FE'92OI3D

%^KE3
A+M-9TMO)NLLA\P!6SE\=M%8B:0O%+1'<W



^+:]C$7Q56'H;[EQ=D:=X)KD^/
MNH.$JLJF*P3RA+-\E:+TP06U&((PK/?#HIYPK(181D232HL7EHC?`AL=?0
M@GSBGJIAJM-\,F9_U1D`%PDB6]4423SDDV50*=6:,KH(<XNUR]E[!%F;Z!
MVXQK@QZI,E-)O[GI6I)WD\_!DPY;Y=K.'@N@K7UEL0[9EE4.RL^_8B$U;:P
MFAV!:I4RR^FC_R-


M*4$E8Q
#R

M6(G+Y8YJ



M*/D2]



M/KSG:15W/CA2'


MV7F

M?IQV2KQ(Z1^4W'41#BRCJ=\0=(ZQ4%
[FHTHD1QS


W`#U:2(D5Y1
MH#7(=3KD
:1(@S


M/!VI0SP=7#@XJ9T:!C3OHKM
;$YK\61J9UVO
+FO;7`)$9\+&.%/$[9VKGUI
M






1H);%


MA-Y&(@1DGTPV)T:\QDH:4U&





0X!JT6;?


M@IN$WN`DJ$@?P2G-T9*EMZNE)0$?)TR!IQHMELF9G6U*RF@/082:2*#R6/'9
M3FT1C\64[O
(-GB?@IH[G:VI.8D'^NS.O4EA=9&C8)62T&;R#$I4Y\Q1(U?2


N1$=WUP
M


#Q)RL41U]




X:F;4Y4+`*RL5)=FW(9@]6Y[*)Q

MJ![H0F


EBWM:D^J#DB+\6/.2![V@V




WT2
M9`[N34^?S



MU-S4`K/ZI39^PD&)%R^LM1:/&M:J!VT(@











M&D(W@]7FB+AR-29?!;
7//S:Y==@A:'P.\]DYQ0\.MGA
+OH#M_3@8?&_IKC


%PW.8H+I;







=2N)@'36/U!X'4


BB&C7($%5X#X


/3ZFFU0V/2AKI;


.(R6J1&


\?XI.O`G4%9![SU`?UF83A+;SPC1;4V9WW.SMF]
:AP4.-$
MQ0HB5L_0T]B+P0SR1*^$MA60@;$G:LDP_*W3#+3'6]_7_Q&

8F_V=[6EUA$

-4:#1V*@PE/B0[\8!4V(1_61&SS

MW2('@:LF#='T+6)Y$+F8&I;TC`SA9K_
``$]1-;F(VIP$5@?M*10I*1H8YH
M$26A+ADTZ1


M**E:=\D0+L-


MV3




B1
M:]WVJ&50MO(^S7F?[5`





J-M6V
M'GW^








ELJL


3T57
\K
GE8[&NGD*M4I#EI/9;GDZ-!9D\?U;6K7@
M-*I`JIRA*[\UHTA:9ZTOJL;KB%(@0UC;R,P1B^C4B*.%M/10CG9J3KSA+6[5
M!`6UYW=3[IK=:R1@-5#=1)\BB4;NL\1[]H++E39'MJEJ.*=EMV(I3SQCTUP


)!]PO!'K)Y<V9RUN_M&)E[;96N^(.FT__?CBI[_]6WK\



M*K3P(?UMQ_1@]?..@:=6AWA&H?KM14NV0'C9


MVBQB7\

MQ9OM



MX5)[1T]B=DCJ8_%CU+5*5SLL@Z%JL46YV?K.JBZ3@*UHLNZ4NJ
7E\`@)+VJ





R.@EWOQ_=^
MI


XNC0[T7

M6WR$DBXX]\0#C4#N[FWO'NP*UWJ^^T\QE*`O6+)9X4*E-,[@O`A0*+G-@^

0BIN(G

4X$[HN@/#W44B:!LASHY_[M^)8%0OT0
C.0H[=$

?B_7N^%M!O93VP[C:J2
M'/0&28[@[?!8P]\!6&]N(1NU)
K]BVZ/





MY?R#5JH37Q-F'&M.T/RL.?QP\$=1VJIWBH?X
94A&:66J5EB!M7S=:G%@.
M!'N.:!Y$I7[EQJE;7YCQ'$,R%)I\L`M0K6B0]A

#3JU(43



=M2]CV00\F*C/
MV!Y#
FTS3%=^_X=LDF0J0:TN(`A;6?\.T

!E
%](/G=I20?E/FS



.EC..3IT^V7O3ACPRS^O




M.8RJ-5C:?M^J*N


(C'\V+O`KG
MDW&HGN$RJSJ//K$^?X.`0=LS%BK

M

(
C
_Q'WS$!1HL\\)X


/\(N2S;LG+UD^$L_:52FDO2Q-6O'RH8IRA+4%'\



M'9^/5











F)![1^/

MF
P%GGSQG/OEBR^+K')'MR8F$TU09X-2
4M:RZ\B7HX.YN
0G&\[3M;03F?8
M\L&6ZROHK2



Y%4V


TX([0$RD(2&XAPP;\T5N41O)'F(VDAT$;21[






]IA@\U
M`(Y2655BARHQQ.V0:3D%\*&&`@-&73E#WKBJY@]&FZ@%G!,I`'2/RHI+4
M7-9`ZAGY$9B'T*`DO1T!``SB`0B/&`XV_8XIAH!&81L-`0S%P(W!)\P)
MZ@ENA!P(`^`9)OR/F'
C1@GI(%`&*IDFB8#%4B*8:A:F3NBLE0)9)`&*I
M4D\

@&:F




MG3%:M^+Q^EITVMI(2:@V(2.=CE;*H6



D\!

JTC\%.F20U)E\C
MS=QX60#8GF6AZ.C`ZD3VW+4Q
(&
77+(FBKO8YIZQ(I7WS/HDH)W!%J.R/K0
MZU2VD*K*C[UT/K-BK8V

ML^/;R47*=;UG92WO6CNE*)=$1!]UOLO?1QR:L1SX\;5\V7BL$L4OR$ZP?-



+:QR::\





M1@SL'8OABRKV3R)BWGG[0^8AOI;BTTBXKWM?;*V?.3P#$\`I(BD#]8ALPL
M_OB4F@@2\P'O2IW)X$M$_)#*]!;:2?_Y`6YG9*(TQZ2.SB9$`'^IT-$:,2]
MB!`\UTBY


M?L1$K-3\_7M\Y`ED
=S0'



SQW[4W@

M`$`^V*E;90&``G&P``$P```'AL+W1H96UE+W1H96UE
2YX;6SL64]OVS84




WP%
$H9UKK
MUUM7=G+Z!L#4


M?/]*JUEW\084
AI/E]#:H?U^2CV'3#C;+85O`'RCFL(7*(B&/+HTBPF/U:I8



AW@K3EF9;@.<8UW



Q*A!\2
MYICQ.IXI')61'.*(%0U^$ZNP3

9&R;
UM`?H6G'X#

(48SVN2J#[W$W

#%5!DJZ4ZDC
M&O]=V684ZK;E\*YLM[UMV

UJ^D1$&WUV%6
MTT*=F5O-B&:*HL


7*DB):#QL
^NQXBM4*W%J:[!MP.XN3


'$B'5#I:A#0TSE88`

M&(3C(S1B
W&`P?TZ5$&?




K%BC\@A84-=`YMZ;_=0

H-2;ATV#4UF_US$




0SQC=AOZLBR?/P_?C


M.U5EM_.^J\=\__OK+PTM5


0



L[V-W;YSP99'755/MVPF$
MUHF_



MX33*X=D!!TW/B--WO@0_9K`/&'%39$3=XL31=,X2:X?W!5[BX3YM2RS%C




0



MC%Y$\((FC!?LRXEP9D@;H7J9FXU[#(YNN1I3D1K24+6M@P@'D39E.HKKNR

M`/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`

M971S+W-H965T

5UXWN:C6)K

M)O9Y=5R;?__U_&UA&DV;5ONT$!5?FQ^\


M8`#^&F6.I0$92=_7I@L/SO?M:6W.`LN?.S


J







M)QVE)]'R_+1A1#UE-!A/D$1&5

M((TE3MIC.(G



D```9


0S]D*@#V69?)Y\'L_
YP0_



MZ]&ZV.2ON_:OZNVWHGS9MGJY9WI&9F(/ZQ^J:%8ZHMK-1
Z
IU6UTP3T_Z-]

M\C$%S`+B_
N'D
XKNWQ9P667;GP/73.(TV59FP+F7;J7+RNX[-*=WT/7#.)T

@Y(!@I,+F00QZSW9C8B4
1LI:B`.NOM%

Q'

];8
H38@07/
M'H)&)H83!%$A!$





M

7ICPCJ[YZA

RH9
%7$`R\\))T]/6MD6RL=T\IN[CX3^3\N(
M=Q\$]2PRM)QUU46+2QE#Z)$;U(6Z5
6OGM$D$W0418;0_F8?GY[X$`%K@3.
4']H@?D8C3+_.-/W5F\294Z-(MOQ'=.


A



M@


GHJ'#'[W/U_01SJ.^4OQ



MOC:DME7$FZ_'DM?TD



M=\M!?

.B$(
M1B&81U2V5PO]N+X1=XR8:\1`-@S70BH51Z^PTTJU*F$(&6&O46!G&#6^(B

%#(:MAF+U!$VYD(`$Z\75^,:B
MJ$.80I:W$'P4

FHG4



`4$L#!!0`!@`(
M````(0`/)_:B[P

M;)1776^K.!!]7VG_`^+]`B8)::*0JDG5W2OME:Y6]^.9@).@`D;8:=I_OS
V
ML+9)$]*'M@S'

M294E!:MH['Y0[CZN__QC=6;-*S]2*ASP4/'8/0I1+WV?IT=:)MQC-:W@S9XU

;X8/M]GM)GEIY*6@GEI*%%(H`_
*-<FN@+S?R31).]_R


TP6)_L/I%=N![XV1TGYP*\2\[


M9ML+B%D/

^\2R0F\49MJSW6H&(_+4C(Q]BJ!/UVN!BZ?


DHFK^L942`92\VK;C%V#D&I


M]XTZ.=!O27/(*^X4=`\N`V\.F[U1-Q;U(%@M3_T[)NF(?\]PLV2PE$Y\`\

`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0#?NX$P*`
``*\)```9





1Q=K/\*
M%6)$DUMT20BT.VQ74)^G512/E]X3Y#0]:M;7FL!6;$X*+`7@=8P0^27CZUD_




M?JZN=AV7NX_!=W_^W.\&/XI3M2T/]T-O-!D.BL.ZW&P/+_?#_WR+_[@9#JIZ
M==BL=N6AN!_^*JKAGP^__W;W7IZ^5Z]%40\HPZ&Z'[[6]7$^'E?KUV*_JD;E


#]])D?Y_+Q=%V&Y


F1[N-ENJ
M0


!;D%QB1+JPW=$?\/;40:H8VN:J&!


9`$2`HD`Y+;A



BY35CMM#1=4+N(YK5+8E]D(&0


M3SQGQ8A
@!$&TB0J2M;77(K4#%29G0TG




K6YHH/3!$%D4S!H1
MKT;.I8AQ2((H191]D#AG0[A`)

MQD:T*&TRYAKXSL-OK*
HV(IR'HL2$Z5G3#4R


M2DO;R#I4(MZAOONTX[51NNY0H:EQBI%&M



M?1

4:L0W2/=)
M1$?1#M5N.K[OFB



M;3NCA\+T:)4Y^J=,=-1O3/F+#U7FMJYMU$_9ZO$-[?.4X!]MZ**$04(8H1



MGZ[;`YA
-!]7T_7R7VJZ`V^0L)]M)NT[YJ3I8JB+^RT$*%MH52Z(IFL7*Y
M+JI[1N?V3G#&%&?





E+
!*Q:Q[Z$HO&=!U9

MY1^U^NK_J:SI/5RR5/2F);UX7=!+CI
16:+GLJSU'V*]E7NA[\```#__P,`
M4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0P@8^&S0(``

M:&5E=#$Q+GAM;)15WV^;






MJB=F].(
&$A'

MN8]K9W^QO$A?0Y!HO7OFAQ6L[ISTOQSC[5(,%CA6+HU.

M-%Q\V$(3Z+
I.8S^B]/<TV;HGC\0TLT9[4](G(
MFG4J:&D%F)%MC71KV!VTZ%WV(9PQJUCPW\+BFLCB$/E9Z

!F/'X`U[_

44B6KNE7:I&G:

M9%OE]
F8K8SP(O^D&I8&L=SIKAL:6#(S#D<NBRE@!LM]@I:%T@,
M--QA_+:6G7UB4^(<.L7-;M]=*TZI-C*1KK'GI02);*[JM6&;QOT_9!
N7CB

M'GT36^O#1R.+S[(%3#:6R1=@J_7.0^\*OX6'V8O3MWT!OAI20
GWC?NF#Y]`

+5.4T7T6(V

W









$%``&``@````A`##C8':\`@``

M2/



PCR!C(

Y53&A3[[;^@'H^X0Q#LVD2P&
M?M^!Q\RZ=
K[;AQX*M57CMW`RCJV$\;!\D



M3!;8`$&0R[-&EFUA+


M?1C^_/#G/]W]V.V_'5[7Z^





2BR$QNE$Y[XRZI!
Q1&Q*1!180.='X8R;*-K/
M?O1DTNR531E71&HBAHA-B?`/R_1\_YRQ]

^IB(6*(V)2(6-QQ)=DQ/U^6SEBZ

NI40


MJIJIKAK?
9FA.G9L`S6

UW[:8T)3Q6CFI%A9`62
M;CH).M]-+UCS:!A4FMF.L&=51M?[2X;
%DHMQ891E8@Z;E3HL1S5S;E[`JC


M4LN2U3(@(4/%3%\/1*LNP8P


RC*Q`TG


:D:&D15(NIF1V6+6G.F/KYO5




M!N7'2I:Z82LKD`RJEZ9/6=


MEY+.6$D#2ARH&-6


:OK+(CD-![`
M&-6



KD(RJE_3-6?H
M$LDG-:S9RCR`DDWE?2=6'FL;_.@2=B0XQY[HT_9T:K=G&M&AI$52'B^4/KF

ML@))-Y4



M*RN0#

H
'N



D4?W(S/M:`/[FCG6I!KW$3.M
R0:]RDS;5@MG&QF&O!


BT3




?XIESFDPOD&%].
MR[1


`



+2FP+6U74Z(8367U$2JXRU\
MJ926U
*KWA+3:4Y+OT@V)(WC&9%4M#@PY/H2#E55@O%;Q7:2MS:0:-Y0_F;
M6G3FP;9)722ZH===\64[(!B(QIAGSTI1I+E]]M6:;IIP/=3DE%VX/8O)_12
M
*V




M8B33Z$TW;MU8HH^




'W<U9
!I7YRKUZ?E)_90.
YR
M\_S8$_1/77VTTO^+]KWY*
[U[K?Z6`';
$]\!EZ:Y@N'?M[Q(FB\F;7.^QGX








M+FK.#P=3?HC\8\0@!:X=
%*?8#T

MB!'2\&FZ6(M\1+[C1].$]'M?.C372.
V)+\-*=21N
R_LH=$]Q#$P90@XA%B

V9S&HL0)@T8\'$=3_K

)4P[)
Q:@D2D66'1[


TN19
M`2/;4&H0)#/`Y`:80C

M[UD1V;
R48UT!Y$%.[?J'/

4.0
MGK`!
RR

8J7&/Y(




J$

MDQ-56;K+X]KX=%/1`WV(&`L0\F##`P(BUD0`IOTQ'4MTS&#?4ZM\;#6*0=.U
MFC5D(*\LQ/9YJVH1L@9$@N06`VSG2U1ZFUX[AE8A)]40+1+PP3&V`*
AS;

0&$A(WEXAJY


SQ3^R]V
*'(CB05([&AXWMDD20(0OBM@W-9JWR64FA



MJ3-WI;-+L

@-

M.T.O(D#X-@'S(XNN)140NG!(6]-:Q]4E
#K:
P-
KO2U8J'C^*%+E%PH('B;
MQ/

M)?Q-


``/__`P!02P
$%``&

O\_98I
M!^PB%](OZ8XY+A^?*I\B\/#EH]I9;T73EO5^:;.%:UO%/J]7Y7ZSM/_Y^]M=




J/<E^`VI`GF8'GNGZ1T.\K.023
KKKMTA;!P@]=P0!N/1=M]ZV4(6TK?VV[NOH/04R%
MPB!<!1'`7EWGQ[YS`^N1W&04;_!KUF7/3XT];L%50-KMH=










MEA?7'?V.




[CV

Z'*!19Y
AZ08S&4Z[`M/N5[$M
M+TM
\/&%710!A[
#E*B];

MY!!L;`,YA1H(LVHC8YY?^TTGI)W/9R?1I
(8[1!]R*5]F1T&.H
Q];NI
M38@3;8(1#TL42





UR`-Q6';%/\
MR)I-N6^M7;&&D.XBA+/5X+L._-+5A_Y]P7/=P3N*_M\MO)









@
:GD-O'$T`0X=SGE86-7[@5\I






M!\5]4IZK3^V&.;9:&KTCT&]`VX[A]



*(#:
M2ZW=X0&4P^$?NOH'``#__P


MM'B2B!H/H776C

M()Q(3YMZ1S=`_^_MMS(U2)'UM^;S??MT?KWO1]/!9#:*`C+O?:I.YVPK7?9[



M)N`6L;&0

M

O-B544@K@&
TYT9Q
M:]2F`I`42`8D!R*`%$!*ES`Y:/!OD$-:-W*8(%:*1
UCLYGJ
9`$2`HD`Y(#
M$4`*(*5+6*#T*&&!RO4QG`S(_L854CKB&B@2T:1SQG_AC7]K9*1+@*1`
B`Y
M$`&D`%*ZA

;:<AG56&MC.*E1@N*N6T8C:*V(5=&5E)N_JMJ<CCY?+\NMU\7M7DA(PZ


M:V27H-18N=5




NNB^-%;-I.$:RL+R


6(6\Y+3=Z9536[DS7R.;
M8VF@D9KY4SIUQ9D/K7+3RCH2B`J#U


Q[0OJU^.2&CDN\
NNB^-%8=DUV6RZZ&
M5Y)/5==
+(6\60UB*2LVJW5#.S_30%O)Y]S7A^[D@U:Y;C6SCH1%=@)VS.KV




&^(616D+&:%O*'W*O@X;*WLTQ)0BE89HAR1
M0%0@*AGB

T0Y
^I&H=Q:F;X$HL(@U=?<%N:-D])<=KN*

?6RHJC?%%#@U)CI5-L

MYQAX%K:AZ:PPR)P2!=Y@E

MAK@
EW+-/2W%NF%:*$



@$F%MF&
*BIL3+/
M4OC&)3
6;@JU]V1Z$];J0F^%L;J20JY[)N?XMKJZ




?2$WNB09RG/<?`*'=)0FZXKJY!4
FQH]<:6%;%-,O``C
MWC*9B[9,\<\?]U<+C+2A;4YKV?(4OW-;]8?/ZSV4CWJBG.#@*'5*:Z
Z9:^
MKUG%&ZH]V?$6[A12-=3`I2I]W2E.\WY34_MA$

MNX:WQI$H7E

M^'XF

M7O7Y_!)\KT?_D:[D_I



M/ILB

RP.DRYV]VRLGZ!J9?/RO\X09,GXZ6_M5I6@UJGD!


``/__
M`P!02P

M+W-H965T


M:P`C[0S_WZK#^4^E$/S


_-7__R\-Y



















H54'`UD=3\HUMU@/`H+WXS'
M=7_TF?'(ZFA=RU^+1U&-&_$HD`^#45GA6`=PZ`@K3X]'B=1=5BRM_%L;IVPE
M'DNQ*BI%WPIEB.!



7.L^YM8&2AAB)M46HGY\:7(



WIB%%$44Q10E%*449
M13E%A8'


MP@E&MU8U!BM\*@A3V02M-!#J!\3]I8IJQN]Y6@%[3\.V@*M!D*(E;IWRDK




][2%:


V+CAG&QB5[=
M19`%2P0B6L0NK01*`BU!)X&1P$K09X`%@JJ0!:*\N

$[



M@%@@?4Z8HT[PC/!T

M0B4H@TH@Z10601]0QQGYTF&N&SEU#



M$%E$/4

(HNH9XA'R&F\
M$87B)2$KE*`2DT)HIH!:1`J11M0A
H@LHIXA[G-)2YXE&J8H)0
252&/'))5

M:40=(H/((NH9XCX[/3=B??3RCZV/01'FZR.@EKZ#$?LLA4@CZA`91!91SQ#W

$3X/YEPD!N3^


/]&YJL0E]JP/#Y)4J8792!KW
M-!U1BLX\$M4E:J()5O0G1J2-*)6)BHB&S`(NML`Z6K&T3$4TNV05/]$@LA'Y




MY^UY8?5[@WPZ.]GK[B'


[.J;










M24'S3W



51HI1%UB`PBBZAG








J0\]!E]JH3[T9'BIA?)#A_RE%JHJ.E`HM5!5


MNE-,[$-O\/VY/!8-5;_<TDN<?KHXOCSVY_+2QIEL9A$RF$QA93!8@+=.ENX
M('J6Z]8]J84NTT-+U%*Z6'J
B[PHM=S5T]L[^NX;1Z
?!]PVQ9:66MPO`+!/
M6U

9;DSUW1GX9:W.-B.!H]3W?K'J`K
MM=!5%_O0TW6W[H$Q[$


1%

72^=Y14_W9&9X&A7)WRJF=R9QY:KZZ[0D9%7







MMBFA0G#E=0
SR^I&*@JU.;.
0*RCU(R)0GK&5*'1&3
5]=Z



44)12E&&


'7

M.D*Z5?/&

M9TQ5U.B

%%(44113%%44I11E&$M

BBF**$HI2BC*$


H@&GQ7]@'%TW/O6(L\MB+1L\
7);
MOHK2@@42O?]
3P=H84CFF&9.]

M7&N5\9F


M9


M#B@**8HHBBE**$HIXB\`Z9



MHSRY7L








7W1^F%O'*6.TYS.X;7
MA\S5H

Z-]-GT-%.VQ-&Z9;1-*BX;3KB@04RAP)H*04V%-@JP!3
MTL4&Q/5_Q(;3\-A(KY82Z(-EDT!(SED18&8`@D%UA1(*;AP%8!M$`I+1`



M6$ML!DRET`+&^\#/1ZQET4



HJ;Y.KI4Q/:2`CS8D\L
M(W3=9*`+/72\?55#]Z$2Q]M64N
$1'1'EEDDK#3=(9=:YB07J+M;9BP@O6@B

NDQY
MPZS&\R=U$/MKGI].
`XMNTM^]`2J]7M'(@FI@4


6AE0'%TDJT8O.`S4G[FD@3/'Q5CZ$8;]043SZF



+=H0GI1.BXIU$MAY?6_VR
3


](UB)AY2N%WX1B






XF]_-%M


M'0!$`RS%4$-\&[D





W=G!7/TAH&B:HDI2D4158=4

O'H14H






M&#N_=!:\@_0L9UBYN9:=JF4VA?]HR52.TMUK[H*H'62LTH184661DC\\9[+:




M!*)N1GJ`FRI
+GL`['8L_:G]RGLY*0DI`F$!4UJ`?(^Q[`.5!8B


MW78^%18*0EA*J)*0DI`F$'4S4I$_$559?7


MOL6C[@ZJCGE?'7U4;44+HRJ@RAJ2J`J6)BSJ9J3NW78W


M'D+L&LQ-$4KWCUZEE=EY@)#!RG)T@2BJ@95R)FLD!8*'@E5$E(24@3B+H9



9+#2![]GAF
=
]IA



IDA@A41M-@FL$'@E)S8;
MK!!X!2DV`BLD:K-)(&[PAF/





MUT:HKL!Q-

M
'2FP(VU?4Z(80V7U$2JYQW\J926U



M7L;Y*L-D



MH2?_/HK2-@5.[J/D;A;/


N9^%D(^BBFFCZZOIP%Y]




`4$L#!!0`!@`(
M````(0#CZ.5./@

M;)16VVZC

ME!2\HDOWG4KW;O7YTV+/Q8O





P.#+!+C*




MO

5TC`_GE)6MZQU?E'Z&K$GJ_MIYS6


H*-`X



M_ZMQDF.L5/R9APHG1[Z/JA7:A!/*?5]?Q''T42J66M]EVJ2X#X8K'4_`.U




!%.
?W

O8V]R92YX;6P@H@0!**```0``````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````




1`$[X)_&.;N9O4@*DD6%'R!/B!D1Q-(

?

M..Y5[@*TVD




O87!P+GAM;B!`$HH``!````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M`````````````````````````````````)Q674_;
!1]G[3_4.4=4J:)I0&
M0=L-I&U4I,C99R;UL*Q
]NIZ'[]KALE3:B;;KPE]CW7YY[[84=7;[D8K$$;


MC)!=`JS4W&[B812V?Z.$40$3=!QG5!B(PMU=`O4B3:G7)LX6MO+-3K]
#P

ZM^MM^B
%;'STJ_FA6`-5&(!M7B]K-MV_[F

=4

72E-][=!#2V+KEV+K#]
M+7\10.8:

M[L7LA$5Q
0]^\CZUCMK7HO4:]E*^.$)YI9R84B8S\ML8BP)8Y`B`?CA73R
MOH?Z`.1`SEP'-TJ])^?/6=(KVLC+K=.S33B_J-9X
:V]D*:)]\S]PZR_K?WA





M`+55





M971S+W-H965T





``$$)```9````````








D```9````


M%``&``@````A`-K2*FOG`P``0@T``!@`````````````````6:D``'AL+W=O


``/`.

4'```9````````````


M%``&``@````A`










O



C


M


M%``&``@````A`./HY4X^`P``
@H``!D`````````````````=C0!`'AL+W=O





 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwardsExpirationDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MOJO_ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesNet'

M9D02_76CT6@T&HW/_WQ;6*
7@%SHV%^.^&/N:`1LPS&A/?]R]/UA/'TXO[X^
M/LL^<M3T].



2-H

M'GW%XQ!CE2:R^/DD_?$[N9-


M820F
2$F87_%)+0IIG#4BK%1*^[_J!7KC%JQS5%+='%O+6)
&:56QZRJ_`*
MR?]+MTF'/#H;*_?C=C:#!O8^I[;Y\*PC\.Q8)O[G;V#Q!-#.Y/FN?F^`#%!
M;!Z9&
S;TH(&]`*L(Q/B-P-_/70]3N^!A57-O

_6\2?3



FFQ6.C?_I]DQ3


M%:&=C0:5ZK-*]79V2N\1#&K4

P4^V//K2Z`
KQ7@=]Z*\^=.'5



KWRQY^/%

+XT)3PX
O
%'O(XOE(3R03.&4^=11J$%/=FU-VSW[)LNIG-VA


_]<8W
$.5:SL=CIG
$

.#=:I6\_RC
M*$V_YK*.*[L-1J.?1J-'7NTC`KJ[0NL#R!ZO8@8RV!UF#$K?XX
XKCWR4/=1



HUC@;;IO9V:#R#2B@)MZR@9P;MIYUX
M#0.ML`AU2T?K4/



;


MXN2F^*E)WKBR]'EE

M1]S15XW3N
\G5

]A.$ANY)/-@HZ$M22H7%W<^C=IX*`0B*'%Q
MT*!Y`

M3R1N:RCES95W^IK
8KB'PRW4;U!_@A;T(&`PJK4)+V3
GA6(LL)+(3A9$GA9
M98+VQO%`]%ULMX)\0+:/21C0I$?[YL)3&UI?CCR


A!DT0EZ215PW$//!W:P+S4D8T7CRZVFZO%RA_\%V!&MASJ

:]]NFY8Z39AA+$TFO
:2
M/(UZ\(JL*Q9YU.\_X@-O0ISCR;+/'M1%LG[3)2[2A-9*D@TA-R6LDK2&/

1QBIT&:`MDF6'
M6-


%HDUQ
E#$9BA9J^!DJZ
+
MB-7%1:U];%'Y*3&-)476/9(F%T`*Z-2!0RT@LJP0)TIS










ML


JK^GN\QUR2`3'

[$3!TF05PW#U^]L*C
M



NBS14X=D!




M
)8

MIR4=KFSJ#L.&BQI!J^CE[U;^#:[D4$1E4C%\T3Z/[:Q?9)E3M?3%0[WDL:M%

ME4X5\PK9(VO9)XK7F&[DTN6L`(34;B8=#(9
['JUV8Y_E+?05
0J?E+[4F]W


M\IJ61;DG$U&%A)N:'&JQ&M-.0R.BQ=X&AEG]$DZ)?/B!O00VFA69&#'?/0



7=
M-_8\M;.BPP9139Q![P]376WTU]:DKO;-:TNP]P`[2#MF/L

MI`QY^=A.06+`2


M4)8-94J;LL(GBTPG?Y)D4N0;^PT5SK&]$VV&DJE?7MDM9P*\Q?`KJY[NT/6M




M.4LBDL!
3T]W3W=/+S]:CTYDN?XP&=!B)T7X8.%+]TB3


M$

L=S[9`




M!6RU:OV6P$ZB=7
*U&%]8H
P06+4RM+_NP[_&N$3!U'5N1X+.(2)JG'I&%

7)#-HPM@`LYWJ%UAB!#0E3D


M





M1]87-F2PVZ#''8KF%BA`H5$-TFKD91H7#81*--4MJ)H&L*KJ'&!98(DV1-
;ADE,OCXM<9@WUDH=IV;V&;2C3<%()`$S&Q@!<

%A'


!?1_%



MHPK
'-0\@)R$)58(QSF?

*DQ9X5+[\1+UR-;!Y2J6#K)<'
Q0

+\G
'K




EG
D?YGKFRPH6Z?^#2D.]XJ

G!N\Q0K@W]E8)TR'R
M&



M#TAWY@R/0ET_-

!SW5TV&'8

MGD#KCZ8X







F)L$W@AY

M5&CH7I4(#6V\*$T

ME'S?[W#S-]GGF%\\P/F)*A?@#2/(Z?/


JD#Z-


OJ9J[74[SQU0
6/`?D3!V0

I@;-U7?X)



7N


6/Z(`KR1O@:0
P

MK*]




M)=(H!5([7%4
D!:3B)=:HQ%1IBS!:8V9PRO/N%0(161!^B(\3-$H0@D/]2U5

M
:[IA+Y4X7C

MGY_



;$_&
Y9DXI20@/*CEG0%VB+52J
G^)I]%I\

5D1
`IM1'<XY@*E](RV4N!)(7A.%VF8R)5(?^S)FCSD_QX'*39434$R;`#$

V3F(537DA&Q._ZHY\?%T

MIN**Q$7D3L$.XE'V#NAWH0MX'Q(^;%;8#!9MB:;M:6,F@G!S6`$&$$P\YS
MM(Z'I_2#Q1D%5&9`$\N-8F?#)XDIWF[C
W


H]@%1`%%^RN@!M&SGG@5))-AF=]JTG0&/%0Q&X4N





Y7_5/-1'3NVQ5RR_WAY-:P_&%)A
M#?[)YCE38$/'C@POIN

1M.
M?/?OA$49'7!E08!67JO)_


M2C`2MJA









/QX!`D'4DP=H$X
M30DNS

`*@W3I)DZ(]'0H
M:42A+F!)1]+%-Q

H@TB5YMAM
R+@JD^'Z

61=4P`AVJA%EX!.$R%6C)M&\J1:5&4Y7R196*2]$J;2'

MV!/^EP4
#N9:OR0)(;^DQT\4*R4;CVC=#)0?




M[B71M6F88QKFU$W#'-
PQS3

0US3


PQ#7-
PQS3

M2



G/YB*M3$XM7E
#


MTQO)]$8RO9%
;R33&\GT1C*]D9X(BSM




LVWZZ*SZJHXJGI
?76OGU(IV))QW


MSHN2\=@=NN*2=$@=
[%






47*KV1
M)BKQZ@-4





NOA)4-)1
@$O!8`$EF








1#$NY:K(
K8:S


MYZHCPJ]4

MWN/V8UJ)9(E/%EL(B]PDC/4`/-;/NF@9G+9S0KA47J!#E9H@T$N3GK;I]U






M0'N:2-)1J]YO:J12?OXL=DGD])ZGLS36BM$_KCUH''H/4-^M$.$O`1_-PQ+@



;2GN$+C76
4'BIX(F-^2B(9)5#!;QIZD]J
V4BBK
M9.

(-S#BR&O
M?4



T)ML3Z39+SF1<:A
M,UT-ZI_[]9%),EYWR*.[?S`X-'<X)LG8Q,`:KZ+Q*KXVKZ'QF9.7I-D_`P3
M5DV2\?/;
Y-D;)*
39+Q









M-R+`(O;`?%')D1(G?TM`[J`N9;VCXH=4MF
BZLI)7(W=$

M$'C)E.'2?X(IY6]A









PGD$+&S5).01$N


Z4RH1*J$$?@'7=;MVUK//:O4RL;D*9NM2


[M789


N7U-;DJ
7=`?6$+-)#J7-KS/:3

M.VPZ\X(Y8]&I]95$

7/1
\IO#?\K_0WL^Y#-Y)5E

+;
#`(KIWGP@$G-


M+.6FW5(0%VH/&F5RC?



[`LZ\ML

E9B1980WVVE]C4E

MA
8)YD&QJC:SH.+$3@OWM_
%\O.VPP9U-[YF5%B`CGJ:V]9OCL\3)[B7D-:Z
W:R=K4
)FTU4=7O1


58[


M



MY3$LTR6QU-EEP.CQQ$#BR&G&O_5?D3A)0!PXB^J)D&F9XRE#
U4N54E8_OI9

T

MV4%AY
:B.&+*ESRO9I?!LY7A[Z@B:I

W61
MEW3P&K.M5/1KK8P




R;CO7WFE



RM?]W$[[
P
O3-R9+3KH(IWSO[!WCL\\SD#X
MM60=/AZGWY+H/PD8+T9*




MK:=I7)T

ML&1XGP'8G
_4
8&CQ\K*I?(..*)J=\8\^]F:!(_8U]!R*2%(0P=F;7!(0H?:

M'`^=F1L#_?\C)%MX0/S$]'9`9O-*4BI9QSU;I6PAD$*
PE.1

M#7^H-9R(X

H\;C&):KY\ZY9S9H0
`!TEG9X.RN:

M`U8$*-2XDDRU3'885T^7[$9&4O
=Q.T-@^1^$B2B
0#HVB6Z9G8C_DZXJ
\H
MZH'P8F1Z:Z1M&E+10@T\Y#8PBY%KCQ1CFCQRIHQ3GIQPP#P7=A1V4I`NPN/$



8IK&`:2RP(]8SC05,8X$7
M6(#2-!8PIIAI+'`L/&


5FTW%9E.Q
MV51LKA8=:U+Q


M

MD6LCQ_9/OK^`]:^W'V]*
(\)]WM%^Y/0/X




ME1&((`


J+F.N7F_HK6/GJO')02JB*[3!P

LS$UU
YZ9[5ZQ;A0/.2H
M)
H;[)Q^PT)Z

M*@.;**OX?#@/HO@JB/]D


_%G&UZ]



NUTK
M5.3(C6!0),=[!K.ALT@Z$L.MA?V6O[27=!6N1J!4)#M6GI:F0$R.`\\+'JFE
M..$##!X,Z9*$,G%MZ=/(`!HK6]1K1&[W<&7=G`JQ6?(`D-BAVCR@A'6WT
M

M5&1(MPJ2D$$B&:)X\C\ES:^/E@
N=!52@D

MRMWZPJ:@`N(9#K8U:+_#&-7@.RK_`5J





ML3AE8B^IE#3;QR2DA*0)X['+%@.`1HO7.Z9)97TX9#(4U^Q20N^)MGI77/

M](-PBA'E6T_:IUSA8VDU,:0T3:\K3=K]EFG20!A5F`0P]2)'^K9V=I&#P-L
M6,ASG3'SSP_\$][VP\HD.F)RGQ/SQ]V(Z&,H7ADP2QM]Q*D/T_Y4+B5F@V)

MB]RA]4%58%^9*IHD)I]:EO9$^W:+;'W34Z9-2YSFIVLU;+BI#3(A%=#E?(

+1
W!1&SK6M*CKYMG+;A4S&3*F3DA:=
T
[E`T\3+W9G




M!9_/Y?5LGXBS2FJ/R`?J/SKA2!_Q#\=+:)I^6D1W)VD^:N79Y!Y31=A4$=Y!












M12DRXS$;QJ0`.![\K)8C`2
X9F'PX(Z8A3DD.#8

KK*I!@-S[`<FX\9TAK6D$2UWOULUZS
MD9'%6T*](''Q:/C9DDXG*#T[ONC+RQV87L^4K86USY9;ONBN]YD1).*<Y

E82M\3I[4MBA[O@XCL;


F@CF)H\+@

MHU^LD=IH0H18PV[FS


RN_02S#L

MM$-N+^DCH#*=A03';'3M;J=)D

M9XWL1)J5AG:Q@(W

MP.A$9Q-8E7

M-'%1`]

-SS;;=A%_2[4+R@;_ZP*-LS
@V

MXP?^B2JO-&#D&[%!YYGB[G@!ZO6&#01^1H[







%*#Q:.





M1C?\&@44

-&5H3E%_M4:D@E0&RGM6TT?X$R

$%`````@`CW5;1EY7'PGI#@``H+```!4`'`!M
M;VIO+3(P
30Q
C

MH0D'_^^SXDDN`#D$@!KC_X(6
7^\+N`E@`'WYY7@3HD7!!6?AQ;_)F?P^1
MT&

SJ^.3D_WT

3UT-RSF'EGA








M=_K%NK:]$G



M)^URJ1G



`UZ

4VV+`(=2_W`;
QDF/;2D1TQ7.&79/7F7._"27
MZ!*207/QPCR]ZKU3M\1S^DRX1P7,5JA'Q'F8Y4JW[OFWTB4?#RXN$R(L!`[
M
IXN

$T/L'$/L(P[#&]Z20)PQ


'/L;A+-N)C
M
0<!OB-!TNT?6;M*


MR?Y^WA/F7LERU/*(K
58R%F$1#2B8!LY_)RS19O$
^FR39@I:@:HV$-/260!
M^JUJ
ILZB6OB$:`=

:\*^XFQ)8/YP

MV]B^
VD6OYIH-S'KG$UE94X:6E%;VA_^VBII8M






MQ5VPD)7YZO01+2`6&9D13A^3`?X99IA2.9?A^K/6C4D-4/M#JE-1%1O4EH=S


*VX2T


M








\J)!Z-%


MF:I1;#EOD^SDMA3+3ODVL5RV
GOWR463D
T-13@@Y=CWZP\@*8D4T0!(@02H

\=!X1B0



M%O&JHZ.GH_Q/5OV/

M__GR^=J[1W-W$$0

?UT6K91\NB7ALH^7ATMR5BW3
WV/4!++J.,6;H^<2Y=04=RC)/#<L!9MW)I:67C%#&DXLEL
M\L!F

T

MM;62X#9$EY0

:BW.@R2=N^CB247`


[Y;;:F3'5




M8&?H\12/`T)-*TS8K.@M&`&3&9U#J)'/;B9HY_@9K8B4;WVU=M/VQF?P3R9T

E#I-93J8JGBUTU;8H:L^'



E\O


MKE3!3L.T-[I$H#OV84G9C.Y5)ZY[+0@Z*`*2$'#B;41/]P
#Q:TQ+B&/D?

BQ`
6




MV`(06

M9W1



)I]A0)








(/+..:B)5K)V4KW9;]D*]'4L0UF8]UX2JJPEL46-]15O*$P2WV:A-


M

MTR`*PZRW:K:OD-?@#M0&*P^]

M%8ZQ#$2_?%S0_Z.UX
L1+F_9X_:KP$OZGW7QPW;INE[



?-P#P$&*\MP


L[M



M_!##$2'L.5BFA!^?UT7R%P=3E^Q\8BZD8







M6Y+)%;

M@`$NLSP3&_)J5V[`S*O/-NR@:\I(P0O'Q/FN4C!O+MX+EQ7A97RCQNWFO/
MNW!6?;0?K5M
!P1Y=*2P
MN=U;
&HF




54.JW%F-4E
T56EU*?'#]TR*<<\F1C\L4_
RZ
MRI
$N%GY*?31RHFW)HE[C:XI*G#SMZ

P*RY



7#R1ATW;[7#
M)QVX/.:@#=P
M4(X


4Q?!?&W,X+0.5W18J3#B<X7M?]
MT+C6);!C5[&BT38.'@



M&^9SWK8W



M4J6\_



H&#5E%:U'SM%%N![.?
&[15Z6!#O

M4?BLI`;3]@CSF^DMP)V0'R;'L-`=B4[2@C#=*[/SX0@.[):TF+)RD&+^0U

WQ]H&LI(@EE[DL0TJ]PQ+/XTH587
MRH2M1#P)@VML(SU#


W.7D;VI(V

M/R-4L+QD`2M@%4-IZCN



;F#E^TO#GE--WY:[S'W54P9+04%T
MOO,*I]@:G_*3]MD__6A/#)^F0VH:VV553CNU]UEK[2M72F(?`X






MLTSME9



M2S(V;[M1C`+D^=*6LT8C&Z39FQTY8OO@=1NOVD2SV

OLD



M_EOQ;9RYB;O-UGE


MR!:6[




+@`UCNB@.0AJF#`\=918
E*PAG(FVNG=DV



=@.H
M$08KO*5R-5&H;=






:W&L'7E]VI51U6F;&2?&X
B;HFT?CL!+-LRD

Y!R8%-IGUZ4M;#W%N:/_
_




XI(]


MQ&AP
Z2A
)!D]6
M]=0-'$%
&NH]N4
R'*!U
\#D
QL(O;DZ5D4;QT9+%1P!@ZH9@C1:Q/N.TDB+
M=5*R]*':]K$LHLVT'F
S[.JVPC+TA#@0
6V
M^J/
=46\IXZ_R-*'.YH_S7FCIR5[IG*-?\U5X
3OS#AP9/0&BU$5:5#BQ(4#
M-&-4[6




695M+:RT=#B08E=.7?!`M)0D#Q
T=4.?(@;7KDZRE*^^XG(=



[@[^[YRZ*;RZAVZAQH


9`.IH/J$OO
^Z17M)WGJ4@7'T*!JVO1-&TI4

M^9.
A[\OQ

=2F;2X=VEOAI_




MM6H4='Y$T?LZC91[434-`:(0?7TBSWC.61%'R5]IE)N-@9G4%P*&E*W!8*)#
M@8L!Y92E:74()^D)


BS.JV]^/4PA1(&E(.^.^7+7^KK;G!$MX
MU
HC/;Y<0M?<.Q-4%9-95Q0MK\AIG4W.37FG]OMT'D^FY6%+0L


PG43%XRQ=


SH4Q..:F:*O`D#
1
M[GN3&#[0#3L.0
[B.%MS;6YH3+EF]PF]I&4US`RM86?QFES;0?E.KFT+/1JP

M^Y54P5+=+XA

+\[**?XPQ4U653D.&S!=4Y7
M$5N<?8(L)=0^Q1AH_;X895&W^V4AC`X;ERTT[SW#;2$2F(DN)'._H!+TJ7Q
MZH/HU.LX'6TK[@HLS)*+FRNAD8UY8XS*F/
(GDP`&
ZSQ;T5SF5!87&;AO

](F




MV7B2L)(BQ
E5)(5@VQ=RKRS_[;))\K=]V_7$(06UMM(3$=Z1=8APUU5`@WT!

WYW?[_%A@
V
M$

N('L52Q]H&G

M=GCV^?:8^RX
CGV7


M_A.U3BVB

8D]2H




M;N#RKY':;[8;J\K=Q#=:4C1XLNNGIL



:$/

.

'*#Q(K*7V`8W7;!*=7SXB/

`%?I9OOS%EN'?A\@LBY&FU8#3*A
4JNFFH=JBPE

J-U-)F
@QN7!


M%?`:'O]GO1(3A6(:^URARB2]IRDU'X@9J?V/*:/**OX54GR^LDU--60:-Z2X




MA#_(Y1.WCE5HXW2`!8T%==-3!\'$!8)'Y!X$BEY3I)7KG1%8+)URPEIUF2
M1'E!^
K



M=XA=+Y
/OJ?A/%O\Y[HZ!KC+;BBT-TO@U!F4NLOX!^C[CP5=S-.1HWUGHKT9
M@QTW1F
K=B0W.'+W4!DUU6PC73Y%4LD7#_J*M2C_%C['8)+6O!2(?!AMCWP&

IUHV@VOP='GT6I/HI.T3WU7.^ZT
5)]@2G8S9`F(B]
MNL]6A3LNM)82#5RLZBFN-!`?WP








!9K!.FXRT0I`
+5;*N8PM6NX

MM:O+O\NLI/7:[X8F


MI

MXQ



M\SV:


GA


X.[[EHHKWOS'Z^N+

C[?`[&Y6'#0I/6W0J%'%22!?5=%


MKJ;KKR&KB[E_#2__/GL]FY^^1.979Z2\_GE[/)$_.OD;O[S_&Y^=HMDQCJE
M]^5)QBN=PV,.\E,)6QF\GFN8R6=/$(/[UC`4W=G])D8:5ZENTB0WWNHG:BP





ED$VRH5^J9$-;


(_*

RV&X


MUQ




ZNS%X]YU$5ZLS73IQHH#I*765'




M54

`#3`G**U&K#1

CH

MPV.@10/4`075X+F:G$AZ=':Y7Z%!-]M



,`Y`V-*=?H/J&.*+0Q^)TSAQ3O3I$F:FQALX.:&J[2%F3#B0-:
M332O&[#,Y$$BLAU`9:)%8[<&%#2%7^_@_I\I:G:]6B6,YJ=TE15L:.)S8_$7
M(^NF_8TUDX?'4CE%3W+07J=EP6)SK/%M1OAJX3N!Z;+J`V78%&\!N%LB=
MW:=%&ENIMH5RY0V.Q8D*JUG&);M\*J?F%?_B2
UIS!!=PK^AW-RN:2L;J*L'
M-LCGUQ%SK$;7'QM@0H-(5TW5[0G!1UJ


MYLKL]XGO
17JIOYRX0P.QTGJ*AY@Q2SFUII='L'CP.59E

M![F\QJZZ5:$3S&IG08






LY1_E6YI5!=WLX'@Q/@$[M9)M[(Z5



M'5/TMPV
6IX8$%*B.!]JR3R`
2'V/=Z_GB11
7R%;H@K#



/5
M8R5W
WCK\HE4@+`J4QD


PI64+!BI+)8RH




M^

*2F





1\.EH-5`-T




2UQ1_.GM[:F
MWU.!WD?I7AM.&9Q[*0W7F-QG%96[R14-*3D1^?J5XKDMN5/[=

MKR@M2E]SJ;[


DLCM=/:S$B3NDJI['


M=R4[^)C84X7Z@Z8EGBQ:\G$
'YGH!M(UG'

+H/XF52T74]$4V+C0P



3[\9)I

MIGKC





M$+2AG=/=J@*'FG3=:05JYR`^HO3]?T1`NO21*\6:YI56M
VCCVX)B;KO-0


MW'



3(1S9WBV
M'H-Z?:&&Q;5=_MOF



IG

D*HJKY2\1-%5Y

M7BF]I?DSO

[C0))
2#1J#[0L(X\KOJF'T


3M*5J^&MZRP#EDXTJIT/D75CX^=5RR2?

B;5O&2%\Y
N#M0`)I1&SXB
]

SVX!'22=.Z4Q!6KR_=LC
M
?H.?


R@.EN7CUG._DOOE]LY\&4&==17S:?=27-\)!_H+

QC7-A:+#X\O$B:_O1NH].-ZX
M!

/7S6.4M@_5



L*J/TX

MV]E3MDY+AT?#-$SX^M)=936'^GU)-JQ'I&8F\




+=;
MC1.?<S92;^7)B)I=+I:.[T$`:4NH'WK:J9=FL!SZ.IQD17F9E7^E);P3^IV



'U!_3YT*4MLM].LG
ML_)2X`9JMJMUOK:.C)_RQBSDIMEBTH3W-@/**8L2UJ4L-@M=K$K8W)20;;



ME&ZT#3!X





MR&)4



ZZ
MR0SURC8I:@54BKNLC)*AR!NYL#C/\NHKH'NGFX!\:^#-Y0C3M(U_XK?XX'8V
M7)V55&^5$G6


/E'80KY=ILN]QP-A86W`SXJN$^=YQ;91^1IG09




-[0.*Y+;9D?$(T



M
Q4/ZVB$5



O'ND<GNYB0/0)!-L9RUMSUI)-6L5HH0@YM(0'2=3V!4R


M0X






MI_@10O07_/?RA?*VA!:3&D[\)72Y@M*@P#^)GN-DO*UNC50G*_+=4X_L)0]
MK9_J+T_7U+3C.XX=UQ9I+OBV
L'USCHGR0GR:58*Z5N:H6:P%?Z.J4?BK)
MDA4Q'RVO-,K),DN2[*5VF#+K.@3Y)5$1L




$'$4DK5*\MA(9B4OHK?C23F1QF+Z.'^EB
MG=!JTT=)GE&1Y7#LO.D33%/:S?A+OL0Y;_14GPOWHN[HY_*]XGNL=@]EX<
M55XJJT`QNE\G44X6K(B3K%CGM'G2EF0R%K8=W%[MD9

M`IK^N

MJ\RNAPZNO73JFWL748%LB8GPD;X#@

MM)'=85WQ0L

M2?M5*D3-:U%.6:UL2$/C5^RY5GF6Y&&NKN%5JK_]'DW#6Y33[C!7I+^K#Z]G
MI0Q6@J

F1$*(\D#]1)/^5945SGV9)I
MS53K9T1-K].JW\JADBB0&U[M1+W;=.'*HNJ=FY5B!ULUDW)25!35EGC.4N

MIN^1(&IVDV9#V9*#/7B29EV@6%K=2(RH_8=UU*Q@




-PAS2.5S2N7?

M90;OKKU7HL!=;?I]'3LKQ8KFGZZSNDJ8@NK%VCG0=U;!E4=.ZSB#NT]TA)R
M!_(%\S-;T,7[UX\%A-4WRXDJB-$PTMRY$77D!*5U\Z!XJ





2A'





M[HJNV9QLQEK2_Z&';]\='GZ[H&QY^.:W;QX6G(!IF/-_?/OF\+O_]W;ZYBW_



M8D-N-N9SNN9V([V]H`DGGY@1MQIE4`(^4?Z%(\J5EAGM8E?;02=SFMYS0:+L
MT3235L-A026
LYL3RAVH/+Y)R`6?!F&
1%+C6CN@_


@O=SP!.@#H.K#MVQHKL*E3=AE^:K




MQ4D


T/&I`@VV$^\QU
![


M4#P=?

FX/95^[QG_H=&%/.0D
MC4A4#22H&.8\E_\LABH/X`^#@Z#J5?]CF$9!
410'Z


F

M)!*[*
;KV5Y.-C(MQR


ME;#`F5K217-E:]0`/(BUVNG[)-D7C*S.#I^$)G.Q&AY%,U1@_$VLJXEUP]$
MCK



PP=/K%D9;[@(









MWZ3:0J.D]MD8R






MAEO.1Z-HJ24W_%`-MW%;-R7P;!EM%\0=4D
FT?^LRX.8:WI)YC2=Q_)1&O'M

E(=)K:*]!@H^
^\-
3SD$YX)-*3@GG_SR6W-?E3]1;H;X--#0*
MNXD5;7;X`5059R017WG%L9X!

$X2.3CW7SLG:\R+@?9'


M/`;R(UA[GP!:
@LO2URQI2Y)$/07E[ULS@VAG=$SP&$'[W:\\$-?N64IHSV3



M6\0;77&?47
`;@=C_
BZSE+Q(0K!F./7`=
;T##
MND-E`#&&9T?0GNOI$SQ2;'\SR$O[Z%X&S,@_#H$@:1`Q.$[WBO6I4E77

;$IM.#CC*



MY&EX6#4

M'?RE'/%?_2@YUJ;8JO:8KKL/99?&7H3
#
]+-3($8


MTQ8_O(:P$+_^&+;ZX]7Y&U0A/45QNV


4!



?/A+%!TH
H5M?T'0&)=/WMXYK_G=3


OMG5VFU[S%)+Y1RV,S/K
MH;83:MVHUKP`VJ7OA:Q=`'Q:I:/,3!CXJ!S+:R7B0<9:C*]YE[%;P];[JH<
];YH\7U(S!=#;W#;ULN8J-N7M47NQR362V]*G^W

MOZ_YJ


M-T^





*Z8A?^
ML[..-NSP0Y^N[N+5JGBH[?^':93(3/8



'F

C2S'_X5+














TD7T39ARGS@_?FH_ABRC+H4D:&%4<U$-\G+9_0K8==W85K3
VT*LZX#

2D0B
D[H]


29H+5/@,,PYW%):(7=2X.5N<Q&F8<EQEO54?*1PH.'1




M$`#Q$YW`/:BL-8
M7AE2S_/X81478=:I5MWA(V!'K8=$L9L[_JS#1W2YC//XTBCXD3MEJ3@Q)1W
MW^ZNS+41Y=MNC3$]6ZQUU%LLWY;##+KK(6PY6YR1,%.EFS5:(^7O?C=V-2T








M1+&K^9K%XBI/4=8%LI+L_PWL4UE8JNC@3'65GE0(:?&M4U&X)R5R1K_$^9UH
M/EOPE4/4.U9E*%D

_@:KJ

MPH=)^`JK+Y[Y)!_'%A?W@6![*#R2O1LSP:W'.74$BUH_FL+*+K^)':FPDS2G
MC/=(P(;2J








5\2/KF



M-V*\!D2'3XO@!:



M5-0!

MM)
[.^]/EH\:$9E[Y6))ZS$)-+/H5(:'AVGD)E
4

M`VAWUU#
0S=[?9896Q%`O(\V/*(^^+*JTLC-%W&[Y[]Y^UP*7W9-\S`Q)=$4
_3Y-<Q:G63PWI0J[^R3:
MO3O


MNZDVY7!'^H#^A9WHV*;G-FC;FG#^\?C?+E*2@H+V]1/1TF8W_`7253'Q_K


M@J0Y64BNK+J''QA9R:
6N@%S6565U.=SMB;159B$[%%?1KVK)79)/Y/P-*JG


M`2[K&RBJHAT3:OS\.PT/8O)FBZ.PNQ.H2;]AO+_19_^M+60
M\R7#5E?OJ$7-K`?H^I&P0_M[80YATO@O)[3G&07X:/PIVKQ8&&7A.<;+V(2


MLQ5V3

MCUM@&]A]*/YJ3YT#U-7W)
I_$?\G+@'Q7_X74$L#!!0````(`(]U6T;?0K:_

#$T
3(S


M[B:?4F)&@.)!(IH9&_+KKZ5YO\0
QLML8#]X8=3O;DFMED:\_VDQL]`3$3;E
M[+S1/CAL(
(


FLT2

MVV_&7
S:AX\'BS$HT

G*PX]HA

M'A?.A\5R-'@\:2TG4V8_FJ?+SS\O3DX_W'[ZWY7'\KUM3
D
(W`YL\\;
3
^
M'Q]P
6D='1ZV6S_?W@P47

#/%M8E#WF@;=/3T];JC4`S4`N1L(*2!^W9/
(

=^CE%ID1YEQ#U'?)&+L6V/5W


_F_+VU^2



M



M?=)C\)$
\2((\.KWLY'V07B`@P=]F:EWPVHXY*F3O







L+R6B]W]F31]-7*$+953X



M=H_Y%;@AO\7BD3CJ\88JA0K?8!EU$;#K!`1N0)B2@+:Y(.1YZ@7MM.1UVI

MOI-4G\($R^![406C\=9\I@B:
S



MR+M4$`-F#9G7&ZXT5'\
:181TF%7L[G%ER1T5G!
8#/$]`[/E+`BMLA6PR
-
M&



9(W67R)F\

B






0=6IXQ6=/LBJDKP.
M\AI3H:YC3*I1'GSKFLD;CEQ+;H_X$6.G.W%A^]9E'SA`GTRH$=Q

B1BUH/%$)
E(N]6K'L+

H$9.EEX;NNZY$\4]9L1[CCK,8?`BL&Y(+!P9I,;
MCEEZ:;$:.M:Z.ZI[@!-.5`&RI2#Q?ZG0*?J.GH0
M]EDTUT#B_B_;?64CH5



MVP(-)#\
C5D_6);_W;GDR<TM=
MS^Y[L3S\NB4F)Z#QM4+]9;\
JO52K`Z*-
EINN=AY9IP@-Y(LPE!1J5A*V#

)
):PKCG


M

MU[H`H_J
`M
.'KRFY_]4)<IS07+KPM_3(&:B9K4*<MNU*_DB
M07]\0]0[^]&+(=&C-04,GF[DQ*4!0UOT;J:4+XRGHL;MB_W`E]AREOYL95^[
MCBO(+65TYLZAUV7I
[#5L:J[5YO24UZ;/C

$S\BY3I3+N@?LAIP08(X


MN7XY






4`````/=5M&WT*VOWD/```/FP``$0`8
M```````!````I(%6#P$`;6]J;RTR
#$T
3(S

A`00E#@``!#D!``!02P4&``````8`!@`:`@``&A\!````
`
end











    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if any
 over the period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






Organization
 Consolidation and Presentation of Financial Statements [Abstract]
        


        
        


using GAAP applicable to a going concern which contemplates the realization of assets and liquidation of liabilities in the normal
course of business. The Company has not yet established an ongoing source of revenues sufficient to cover its operating costs and
allow it to continue as a going concern. For the year ended December 31
 2014
 the Company incurred a net loss from continuing
operations of $5
215
122.&#160;&#160;At December 31
 2014
 the Company had accumulated losses of $18
336
844
 which includes accumulated
losses from discontinued operations of $8
576
094.


sales volume requirements under its licensing agreement with CBII. As of December 31
 2014
 the Company owed CBII minimum royalty
payments of $507
223. The Company&#146;s business is largely predicated on its relationship with CBII and an adverse change in
this relationship could materially and adversely affect its business.


upon its ability to successfully obtain and retain customers in order to achieve profitable operations. The accompanying financial
statements do not include any adjustments that might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern.




        
          

        
          
            

 (b) the possible effects of such conditions and events
 (c) management's evaluation of the significance of those conditions and events and any mitigating factors
 (d) possible discontinuance of operations
 (e) management's plans (including relevant prospective financial information)
 and (f) information about the recoverability or classification of recorded asset amounts or the amounts or classification of liabilities. If management's plans alleviate the substantial doubt about the entity's ability to continue as a going concern
 disclosure of the principal conditions and events that initially raised the substantial doubt about the entity's ability to continue as a going concern would be expected to be considered. Disclose whether operations for the current or prior years generated sufficient cash to cover current obligations
 whether waivers were obtained from creditors relating to the company's default under the provisions of debt agreements and possible effects of such conditions and events
 such as: whether there is a possible need to obtain additional financing (debt or equity) or to liquidate certain holdings to offset future cash flow deficiencies. Disclose appropriate parent company information when parent is dependent upon remittances from subsidiaries to satisfy its obligations.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















begin 644 Financial_Report.xls
M[[N_34E-12U697)S:6]N.B`Q+C`-E@M1&]C=6UE;G0M5'EP93H@5V]R:V)O
M;VL-D-O;G1E;G0M5'EP93H@;75L=&EP87)T+W)E;&%T960[(&)O=6YD87)Y
M/2(M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\W9F%F-S5A-5\T
#`V7S0X
31?.38Y85]A
C(U



M@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\W9F%F-S5A-5\T,#`V7S0X,31?.38Y85]A
M,C(U-S`Q.30V.#4-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-V9A






M.F]F9FEC93IO9F9I8V4B('AM;&YS.G@]
T0B=7)N.G-C:&5M87


N
M;W)G+U12+U)%0RUH=&UL-#`B/@T*/&AE860^#0H\;65T82!N86UE/3-$(D5X

T1&:6QE+4QI


M7T)A;&%N8V5?4VAE971S/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T4V]U



M7U-T871E;65N='-?;V9?3W!E/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T

&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*


MB`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^4W1A=&5M96YT











M($A2968]



#I.86UE/D-O;6UI=&UE;G1S
M7V%N9%]#;VYT:6YG96YC:65S/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T
M4V]U<F-E($A2968],T0B5V]R:W-H965T<R]3:&5E=#$S+FAT;6PB+SX-B`@

T0B5V]R:W-H965T
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@



O4VAE970Q-RYH=&UL
&-E;%=O<FMS




M=6UM87)Y7V]F7U-I9VYI9FEC86YT7T%C8V]U;G0R/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@



#I7;W)K<VAE9713;W5R8V4@2%)E9CTS1)7;W)K<VAE
M971S+U-H965T

C$N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@



O4VAE970R
M


M;G1?06-C;W5N=#










M7T1E=&%I;'-?4V-H961U;&4Q/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T

&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*

M:&5E='

#I7;W)K
M<VAE9713;W5R8V4@2%)E9CTS1)7;W)K<VAE971S+U-H965T






M:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^26YC
#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS:&5E=%-O=7)C92!(4F5F/3-$

O4VAE970S-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@(`\+W@Z17AC96Q7;W)K
#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX

O4VAE970S-2YH





O4VAE970S


#I.



O4VAE970T
YH=&UL(B\^#0H@(`\+W@Z
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E='
^#0H@(#QX

B+SX-







;V-A=&EO;CH@
M9FEL93HO+R]#.B\W9F%F-S5A-5\T
#`V7S0X
31?.38Y85]A
C(U-S`Q.30V



]






M/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$
M=&@^1F5B+B`R
RP@

]



]


]
T1T97AT/DUO:F\@3W)G86YI8W


]
M

]
T1P;!V86QI
M9VX],T1T;W`^1&]C=6UE;G0@5'EP93PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C;&%S



T1T;W`^1&]C=6UE;G0@4&5R:6]D($5N9!$871E/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#Y$96,@,S$L#0H)3(P




]
T1T

]

]


]


]

]
T1P








]
T1T97AT/E-M86QL97(@4F5P;W)T:6YG($-O





]
T1N=6UP/B0@



]
T1T


]

\





]
M



]
T1T






]
T1T

]




]

L

M;7`^
2PX




]



]

]

3(R+#


]

M86QI9VX]

]











T1T;W`^5$]404P@05-31513


C0X+#$T

]





M

T1T;W`^3F]T97



]
M








]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0V]M
M;6]N('-T;V-K+`Q.3`L
#`P+#`P
!S:&%R97,@875T:&]R:7IE9!A=`D
M,XP

BPV
S$L-#@U('-H

]



T1T;W`^061D


]
T1N=6UP/C$X+#0S-BPU
#

RPP-#0L


S8L



38L-38V/'-P86X^


M=&]P/E1/5$%

]

#QS

M+W1A8FQE/@T*(`\+V)O9'D^#0H\+VAT;6P^#0H-BTM+2TM+3U?3F5X=%!A

3DT-C@U#0I#;VYT
M96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S=F868W-6$U7S0P
#9?-#@Q-%\Y
M-CEA7V$R
C4W

#
N:'1M;`T*0V]N



^


M1$E$







]



]





#`L


3`L
#`P+#`P


]




M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^0V]M;6]N('-T;V-K+!P87(@=F%L=64\+W1D/@T*(`@

]
T1N=6UP/B0@




]
T1N
M=6UP/C$Y






SDV

M
3(L-C


]
T1P;!V
M86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0V]M;6]N('-T;V-K+!O=71S=&%N9&EN9SPO=&0^#0H@

]
T1N=6UP/C$R+#8S
2PT.#4\

M-6$U7S0P
#9?-#@Q-%\Y-CEA7V$R
C4W






]

T1)1#!%3E5!

3(@36]N=&AS

S$L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q


]


]

M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^4F5V96YU97


]
T1N=6UP/B0@



]


]
T1N=6UP/C$S.2PW-#$\




]





BPT






]
T1N=6UP/C4L
C$R+#0S






]
T1T97AT/CQS

]


]


]



T1T;W`^3&]S








@0F5F;W)E(%!R

M87-S/3-$;G5M/B@U+#(Q-2PQ





]

]
T1T97AT

;W-S/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@U+#(Q-2PQ

BPW-S4L.38U*3QS

]



@879A


34L


BPY


]

]







3DT-C@U#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T
M:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S=F868W-6$U7S0P
#9?-#@Q-%\Y-CEA7V$R
C4W
M



^+RH@1&\@3F]T


$5:
T%'

M/3-$



CXQ
B!-;VYT:'
@

M/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@



]




34L




]


]



]

]
T1N=6UP/C$L-#0R/'-P




]

]
T1N=6UP/C(L.3(P


]

@:6X@;&EE

]
T1N
M=6UP/C$P


]


@86YD(&-O;G-U;'1A;G1S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S




]






]

]
M
T1N=6T^*#0R+#`X



]

S4W+#4R






]


]

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q




]


]
T1N=6UP/C0W
RPW


]


]



M(&9R;VT@:6YV97-T:6YG(&%C=&EV:71I97

]


]

M8W1I=FET:65S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@R+#$W





]
T1T

]

]
T1N=6T^*#(T+#`P





3$L


T1T;W`^27-S=6%N8V4@;V8@



3(L
3




S(\




]


]

S





]






]


]



]
T1T97AT/B9N8G-P

]


]



]

]
M



M

]


]


]
M

]



;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL
M93HO+R]#.B\W9F%F-S5A-5\T
#`V7S0X
31?.38Y85]A
C(U-S`Q.30V.#4O




]





MB`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^0V]M;6]N(%-T;V-K+!!9&1I=&EO



N(#
Q+`R,#$R/]T9#X-



3@R

]

N(#





]



#`L-C0Y



3`P+#8Y
CQS

]


]


]
M

]
M

]
T1P
M;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^1&ER96-T;W)S(&%N9!%;7!L;WEE97


M;7`^.#


]


]
T1N=6UP
M/C@S
RPQ



M;7`^-#(U+#(U


]


]




@
M86YD($-O;G-U;'1A;G0@4V5R=FEC97


]
T1N=6UP/CDV
















M




















]



]










]
M



M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@W.3`L-C


]
T1N=6UP/C$L












T1T;W`^16YD:6YG($)A;&%N8V4@870@1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q
M

]
T1T

]
T1N=6T^*#$S+#$R
2PW
C(I/'-P86X^


]

N(#
Q+`R,#$S/]T



]








@:6X@;&EE






]



]
T1T97AT/B9N


]



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^1&ER96-T;W)S(&%N
M9!%;7!L;WEE97



]








]

M1&YU;7`^
C@S+#8U


]


]





M8V5M96YT(&]F9F5R:6YG/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M


]


]
T1T97AT/B9N8G-P








]






M86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q
2PS-S
I/'-P



]


]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]








M
34L


]

S$L
M(#(P



]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@

]
T1P

N
M(#







O4VAE970P


M
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q






]

M1'1H(&-O;'-P86X]


#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L










+D

M(&]F($-H:7%U:71A($)R(&%N9'


T0G9F]N=#H@

M+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N
M=#H@

M.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SY#2$E154E402!44D]024-!3%
F
M(S$U


M;2!I;B!L871E($IU;'D@
C`Q




3DT-C@U#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z
M+S=F868W-6$U7S0P
#9?-#@Q-%\Y-CEA7V$R
C4W

M971S+U-H965T

M87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O

$5



M
S$L(#(P


]
T1R;SX-





M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97





'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L



T.T=!05`F(S
T.RDN($UA
M;F%G96UE;G0@:7

-F%N9!A

@8V]U;&0@9&EF9F5R(&9R;VT@=&AO


38P.SPO



T0G9F]N=#H@

M97)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SY#87-H(&5Q



@3F5W(%)O;6%N




'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97

M8V]U;G1S(')E8V5I=F%B;&4@87)E('-T871E9!A=!T:&4@86UO=6YT#0IM



M:6]N(&5F9F]R='

C`Q
R!W87


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97






T0G9F]N=#H@

M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
XU:6XG/CQB/B8C,38P.SPO8CX\+W`^#0H-CQP








M5&EM97

#LF(S$V
#M$97!R96-I871I;VX-


M(&-H87)G960@=&\@:6YC;VUE+B8C
38P.R8C
38P.T%T($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q
M+`R,#$T(&%N9`R

@)#4L-3
Y(&%N



@






M(%1I;65S+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y
M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,XU:6XG/B8C



@:6YC=7)R960@9F]R('-A;&5S
M(&EN8V5N=&EV97


L('!R;VUO=&EO;G



M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M97




'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


Q-C`[

T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@



M9'

Q-#@[+B8C
38P
M.R8C




I(&%V


#LF(S$V


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E
'0M:6YD




@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
30@86YD(#(P
3
L(&%S('1H
M97D@=V]U;&0@:&%V90T*:&%D(&%N(&%N=&DM9&EL=71I=F4@:6UP86-T(&]N
M('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B


M86XL(%1I;65S+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,XU
M:6XG/B8C


T0G9F]N=#H@


3`E.R!T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/B8C




'!T.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!P861D:6YG

M:#H@








'!T.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
M

C$P+#`P

T0G


'!T.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@




M1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@=&]P.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!S:6QV


M


34E)SXQ+#DT



38P.SPO=&0^




34E)SXR
3`L


38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@


'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P






@3F5W

M(#`N-6EN)SXF(S$V

#L@=&5X






'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



@3F5W





@5&]P:6




M(#`N-6EN)SXF(S$V

#L@=&5X

@3F5W(%)O


M97








30X.R!$97)I=F%T:79E(&EN



@3F5W







M(&1E8G0@;V)L:6=A=&EO;G



M=')U;65N='



'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97






!D969I;F5S(&9A
M:7(@=F%L=64@87,@=&AE(&%M;W5N=!T:&%T('=O=6QD(&)E(')E8V5I=F5D


@;VX-G1H92!M96%S=7)E;65N=!D871E+B!!4T
@
M5&]P:6

@82!F86ER('9A;'5E(&AI97)A









T0G=VED=&@Z(#(E)SXF(S$V
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M<VEZ93H@,3!P=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z
M(#$Q-24G/B8C,3@S.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W

34E)SY



T0G
M9F]N=#H@

M=&@Z(#$P

B4G/B8C
2<^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G



M+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,XU:6XG/B8C
38P


T0G9F]N=#H@


M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
B4G/B8C





'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M;GD@87-S971S(&]R(&QI86)I;&ET:65S#0IM96%S=7)E9!A=!F86ER('9A



@

M;G0Z(#`N-6EN)SXF(S$V

#L@

'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M+B`R


F(S$T




M92!296-O9VYI=&EO;B8C
30X.SPO:3XL(&EN8VQU9&EN9R!M;W-T(&EN9'5S
M=')Y+7-P96-I9FEC#0IR979E;G5E(')E8V]G;FET:6]N(&=U:61A;F-E('1H

M:6]N+B!);B!A9&1I=&EO;BP@05-5(#(P
30M

M8V]S=!G=6ED86YC90T*:6X@4W5B=&]P:6,@-C`U+3,U+`F(S$T-SL\:3Y2
M979E;G5E(%)E8V]G;FET:6]N)B






M-2P@


M4U4@

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




M05-5($YO+B`R
#$T+3$R+`T*)B







M;W)M86YC92!C;VYD:71I;VYS('1H870@869F96-T#0IV97-T:6YG('1O(&%C

M
#$U+B8C
38P.R8C


M+B8C
38P.R8C

M=&EN9R!T:&4@:6UP86-T(&]F('1H92!A9&]P=&EO;B!O9B!!4U4@


M;65S+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T
M97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,XU:6XG/B8C

30M
M

Q


@;F\@9W5I
M9&%N8V4@:6X@52Y3+B!'04%0(&%B;W5T(&UA;F%G96UE;G0F(S$T-CMS(')E


30V.W
@86)I;&ET


M='

M9R!S;RP@=&AE(&%M96YD;65N='
@87)E(&EN=&5N9&5D('1O(')E9'5C92!D

@86X@96YT:71Y)B





M:6-A;&QY+`T*=&AE(&%M96YD;65N='
@*#$I('!R;W9I9&4@82!D969I;FET





@86QL






M9R!T:&4@:6UP86-T(&]F('1H92!A9&]P=&EO;B!O9B!!4U4@


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97

M)B


M@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\W9F%F-S5A-5\T,#`V7S0X,31?.38Y85]A
M,C(U-S`Q.30V.#4-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-V9A


O
M4VAE970P.2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q=6]T

M=#TB=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H


T1T97AT+VIA=F%S8W)I

@0V]M;65N

]


3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T
M:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C;&%S

S$L(#(P


@


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E







M




'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




@;V8@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L
M(#(P




30V.W
@8G5S

@:7




M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'0M:6YD96YT.B`P+C5I;B<^)B
Q










]
T1R93X-B`@(`@





@3F5W(%)O;6%N


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E
'0M:6YD


T0G
M9F]N=#H@


M
2P@


@;V8@)#$S-BPV
C`N
M($%S(&]F($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$S+!T:&4@:6YV96YT;W)Y(&)A;&%N



;V-A=&EO;CH@
M9FEL93HO+R]#.B\W9F%F-S5A-5\T
#`V7S0X
31?.38Y85]A
C(U-S`Q.30V



]


T0Q(')O
M=W-P86X]



]
T1T:#Y$
M96
N(#





T0G9F]N=#H@

M:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\8CY.3U1%(#4@)B
Q-3`[(%-%4DE%4R!!($-/3E9%


'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


3(L(#(P
3
L('1H92!#;VUP




@8V]N=F5R=&EB;&4@:6YT;R`Q



M97

M;F1E;G0Z(#`N-6EN)SXF(S$V
#LF(S$V











M86XL(%1I;65S+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T
M:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,XU:6XG/B8C

M-RPW
#@N-2!S:&%R97

Q+`R,#$T(&%N9`R
M


M
#9?-#@Q-%\Y-CEA7V$R
C4W







]


]








M(S$V


M
#LF(S$V

38P
M.R8C





#LF(S$V


#LF(S$V
#MR961U8V5D(&)Y(&$F(S$V
#LF(S$V
M
#MV86QU871I;VXF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#MA;&QO=V%N8V4F(S$V
#LF(S$V
#MW

38P.R8C

M)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[;&EK96QY)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[=&AA;B!N;W0F(S$V
#LF
M(S$V
#MT:&%T)B
Q-C`[)B


M97




T0G9F]N=#H@
M

M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

M=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@






M.B`Q
'!T.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

M/'1D/B8C








3!P=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/C
T+C`\+V9O


T0G=VED=&@Z(#(E)SXF(S$V
#L\



3!P

M:7IE.B`Q
'!T.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@


#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V



M.B`Q
34E)SY#:&%N9V4@:6X@=F%L=6%T:6]N(&%L;&]W86YC93PO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@



Q-C`[



M.B`Q
34E)SXH
SDN-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#X\9F]N=!S='EL



M(S$V


'!T
M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL


'!T.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M;65S+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,XU:6XG/B8C
M




@
M8F5F;W)E(&EN8V]M92!T87@@87







M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@8V]L

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O


3!P=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQB/EEE87(@96YD960@
M1&5C96UB97(@
S$L/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O

38P.SPO=&0^

'!T.R!L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#H@

C`Q-#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B

34E)SX\
M8CXR
#$S/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CPO

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C

'!T.R!L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#H@


M
'!T.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



T0G=VED

M:&5I9VAT.B`Q




'!T.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
M

T0G=F5R=&EC

M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SY686QU871I;VX@86QL;W=A;F-E/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T

M
'!T.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V



3!P=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/C$L
M
S@T+#

T0G

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@


3!P=#L@;&EN92UH


3!P=#L@;&EN
M92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/BT\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B

'!T.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@




#L\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\+W1A

T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@






@3F5W

M;CH@8F]T=&]M)SX-B`@(`\=&0^)B

T0G8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G

3!P=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z
M(#$Q-24G/CQB/D%S(&]F($1E8V5M8F5R(#

M8V%L+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VTG/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9#XF(S$V

B!S='EL93TS

'!T.R!L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#H@

C`Q-#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\
M=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B








Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[)#PO=&0^#0H@


C@\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*


T0G9F]N


T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED)SXF(S$V

M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q


#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S



3!P=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B@Q+#


M


M(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D('-T




3!P=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q


3!P=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z
M(#$Q-24G/BT\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\+W1R

@3F5W

M(#`N-6EN)SXF(S$V

#L@=&5X
!B96YE9FET(&AA<R!N











;V-A=&EO
M;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\W9F%F-S5A-5\T
#`V7S0X
31?.38Y85]A
C(U-S`Q



]

T0Q
M(')O=W-P86X]

@86YD($-O;G1I;F=E
M;F-I97



]



'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E
'0M:6YD


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97



M
B!M;VYT:'

@;V9F:6-E('-P86-E(&]N(&$@;6]N
M=&@@=&\@;6]N=&@@8F%S:7

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97



C`Q
BP@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@96YT97)E9`T*:6YT;R!A(&QI8V5N

30X.RD@







#$T+!*=6YE(#,P+`R

38P.T1U

@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
30@86YD(#(P
M
3


2PX
M-3`@9F]R(#(P
38L#0HD
BPV
3$@9F]R(#(P


#`V7S0X
31?.38Y85]A
M


M=#TB=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H


T1T97AT+VIA=F%S8W)I

@0V]M;65N

]

]




]
M




34P.R!35$]#2TA/3$1%4E
F(S$T-CL@1$5&24-)5#PO8CX\+W`^#0H-




M;CH@


M:R`H)B

Q-#@[*2!A;F0@
3DP+#`P

2X\





M;F-E;G1I=F4@17%U:71Y(%!L86X@*'1H92`F(S$T-SLR
#$R(%!L86XF(S$T




M9!A=V%R9',@9F]R('5P('1O(&%N(&%G9W)E9V%T92!O9B`R+#`U,PP
#`@

M;CH@

M)SXF(S$V

`W+C=P=`P(#`[
'0M:6YD96YT.B`P+C5I;B<^)B
Q



2P@
C`Q
RP@


M97

M
30X.RDN)B

38P.R8C

M:6%L('-T871E;65N='



M-6EN)SXF(S$V


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97


30L('1H92!#;VUP86YY(&-O;G-U;6UA=&5D

@
M*'1H92`F(S$T-SLR

30X.RDL(')E8V5I=FEN9R!A
M;B!A9V=R96=A=&4@;V8@)#$L.#$Y+#@S


#LF(S$V
#M);B!O;F4@

S4L
#`P+B8C
38P.R8C
M



N)B

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

2!C;VUM96YC960@82!P<FEV871E#0IP;&%C96UE;G0@

2PR-3`L

@0V]M


M9V%T92!O9B`D-#8X+#8X
BP@=VAI8V@@86UO=6YT(&EN8VQU9&5D(0R,PP
M
#`@;V8@;F]T97

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97





M;65S+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,XU:6XG/B8C
M


2PS-S(N)B
Q-C`[)B


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97


T0G9F]N=#H@










T0G9F]N=#H@



M

M(&]F9FEC97(N(%1H92!S:&%R97



'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97





M('1H92`R
#$R(%!L86X@=&\@8V5R=&%I;B!O9B!I='



6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z


@3F5W






T0G9F]N=#H@

M9&5N=#H@

M/3-$



M+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VTG/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9#XF(S$V


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97



T0G9F]N=#H@



T0G9F]N=#H@



24G/B8C
M

M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
34E.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q


34E)SXT+#0U
RPU
38\

24G/B8C
38P.SPO

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E)SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O


34E)SXF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
M

M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT)SXF(S$V

'!T.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M-C`X+#0T
3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT

'!T.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

BXQ-3PO9F]N



'!T.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#H@

Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B

#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T

M
'!T.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

P.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*




3!P=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P
M.R8C
38P.R8C



M(S$V

38P.SPO



3!P=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z
M(#$Q-24G/E5N=F5S=&5D('-H87)E(&)A;&%N8V4L($1E8V5M8F5R(#




#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@


3!P=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z



#L\+W1D/CPO

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C



34E)SXF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V


M(')I9VAT)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@

'!T.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

2PY-C4L
M
#`P/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C


M97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!S:6QV
M97(G/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\

M
34E)SXF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#M697-T960\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@

38P.SPO=&0^


M(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q




3!P=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.R8C
M
38P.R8C





3!P

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS



2P@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@


34E)SXV
M+#`Y
2PY.3(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`\=&0^)B



MB`@(`\=&0^)B




M




RPQ


C`Q

M+B8C
38P.R8C

2P@







T0G9F]N=#H@

M97)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@


M;CH@
#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(#`N-6EN)SXF(S$V,#M);B!-87)C:`R
#$T



@3F5W(%)O;6%N





T0G9F]N=#H@

M:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@


M/'1R/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M


Q

T0G9F]N=#H@




T0G9F]N=#H@







M

'!T.R!L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#H@


7!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@=&]P.R!W:61T:#H@


M;&4]

T0G


M.B`Q

M:&5I9VAT.B`Q



T0G=F5R
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS



M

'!T.R!L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#H@


7!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@=&]P.R!B;W)D


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

7!T('-O;&ED.R!F;VYT+7-I


34E)SXF(S$V
#L@.3$W
M+#4X
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA



M93H@

'!T.R!L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#H@

S$L(#(P
M

7!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@=&]P.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M




M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@



34E)SXQ+#$Q-PW-S8\+V9O;G0^/]T



T0G
&5R8VES86)L92!A=!$96-E;6)E<B`S
2P@
C`Q-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@=&]P.R!F;VYT




3!P=#L@;&EN92UH
M96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/C$L


M/B8C

M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97






@3F5W






M97

T0G9F]N=US:7IE
M.B`Q,7!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+7-I




M93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R


M

M:7IE.B`Q
7!T)SXF(S$V
F4Z(#$P<'0[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
M,34E)SXQ-S0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M<VEZ
M93H@

M:7IE.B`Q

M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q


7!T)SXF(S$V
M
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M<VEZ93H@
3)P=#L@




M

M)B

G!T

M.B`Q
'!T.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

2XU
SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I8V%L+6%L:6=N.B!B

M;&4]

6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M<VEZ93H@
3%P


6QE

3!P=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B4\+V9O

#L@







'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97





M:6YA=&5S(&]R(&UA=&5R:6%L;'D@8G)E86-H97


M:&%R9V5D('1O(&EN8V]M92!I;B`R


BPT
3@-F%N9`Q

#LF(S$V
M







M;G0Z(#`N-6EN)SXF(S$V
#M/;B!/8W1O8F5R(#
L(#(P
3
L#0IT:&4@0V]M



Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[
M5&AE($-O;6UO;B!3=&]C:R!V97-T960@;VX@07!R:6P@
RP@
C`Q-XF(S$V
M,#LF(S$V,#M);B!C;VYN96-T:6]N('=I=&@-G1H:7
@:7-S=6%N8V4L('1H

2P@


M(S$V





@=VET:`T*37(N($EA

#LF(S$V
#M);B!C;VYN96-T:6]N('=I=&@@=&AI

M(&1A=&4@;V8@:7-S=64[#0IT:&5R92!W87




M
S`L(#(P

M

30@86YD(#(P
M
3

M
#`L





M
38P.R8C
38P.T]N($IU;F4@



!S:&%R97,@9&ED(&YO=!V
M97-T+B8C
38P.R8C



Q-RPR









]
T1T
M:#Y$96
N(#


M;&%T960@0V]S='



T1T;W`^1&ES

38P

T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

'!T)SY);B!!





C`Q


M87)Y(#(P

#$V#0IA;F0@075G
M=7-T(#(P


T0G9F]N=#H@

'!T)SY);B!*=6QY(#(P
3
L

-F%N9!E
M;7!L;WEE97


T0G9F]N=#H@

M+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N
M=#H@






T0P(&-E
M;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

3`P

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D






Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R('-T


T0G9F]N=#H@



T0G8F%C




M

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!W:61T:#H@
M

M;&4]
T0G8V]L;W(Z($)L86-K)SXF(S$V



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O

M/B8C






T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O



F4Z(#$P<'0[(&-O;&]R.B!;&%C:SL@
M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/C(Q
PP,#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\


M;&4]
T0G8V]L;W(Z($)L86-K)SXF(S$V



M;&4]
T0G8V]L;W(Z($)L86-K)SXF(S$V


3!P=#L@8V]L
M;W(Z($)L86-K.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@




3!P=#L@8V]L;W(Z($)L86-K.R!L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


M(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXM/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D('-T


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D('-T


T0G8V]L;W(Z($)L86-K
M)SXF(S$V


Q

M+6-O;&]R.B!S:6QV97(G/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA


M)B


M93H@
3!P=#L@8V]L;W(Z($)L86-K.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

C$P
M+#`P
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

M
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

M
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA


3!P=#L@8V]L;W(Z($)L86-K
M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M




T0G8V]L;W(Z($)L86-K)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@






'!T.R!C;VQO

34E)SXF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
M



M
T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA
M8VL@


M.B`Q





T0G8V]L;W(Z($)L86-K)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O




M97(G/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+7-I

Q+`R,#$T/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=C;VQO<CH@0FQA8VLG
M/B8C,38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A


M;&4]




M




2P@
M




PP,#`\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M
M)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG
M;CH@8F]T=&]M)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T




'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

38P.R8C
38P

M86XL(%1I;65S+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,XU


M
#$T(&%N9`T*
C`Q



T0G9F]N=#H@


#$T
M+!T:&5R92!W87,@)#$S,PY-C


M960@9'5R:6YG(#(P
34-F%N9`R
#$V(&EN(&-O;FIU;F-T:6]N('=I=&@@




'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


@=F%L=64@;V8@

M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$T(&%N9`R



38P.R8C
38P.T%G9W)E9V%T92!I;G1R:6YS:6
@=F%L



@3F5W

M(#`N-6EN)SXF(S$V

#L@=&5X

2P-C(P,30@86YD(#(P,3,Z)B,Q-C`[/]P/@T*#0H\

T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!S='EL93TS
M1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M:61T:#H@






M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P

M


24G/B8C



24G

3!P=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z

24G
M/B8C

M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M93H@
3!P=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B4F(S$V

'!T.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


I/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P



34E)SXU/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D
M/B8C
F4Z(#$P<'0[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SY2:7-K

#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS


M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXE/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO



34E)SXP+C$U/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@

3!P=#L@;&EN92UH96EG
M:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.R4\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/]T86)L93X-



@3F5W(%)O




T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

M97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@






B!S='EL

'!T.R!L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

C`Q-#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@
M(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B


M.B`Q

24G/B8C
M

'!T.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M)B


24G/B8C




34E)SXF(S$V



M9VAT.B`Q



Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@


38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C


T0G=F5R=&EC

'!T.R!L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#H@

M('!R:6-E/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C

M

M#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

M;&4]

MB`@(`\=&0^)B

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@


38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C


T0G=F5R=&EC

'!T.R!L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#H@


M;6%R:V5T('!R:6-E/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^

'!T.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



#L\+W1D

34E)SXF(S$V
#LD


M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXR+C`W/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO

'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97





3DT-C@U#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO
M8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S=F868W-6$U7S0P
#9?-#@Q-%\Y-CEA7V$R
M
C4W





^+RH@1&\@


$5

]






]


T0G9F]N=#H@

M3U1%(#$Q(8C,34P.R!354)315%514Y4($5614Y44SPO8CX\+W`^#0H-CQP

6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z





M=F5N='

M=&4@87)E(')E8V]G;FEZ960@:6X@=&AE(&9I;F%N8VEA;!S=&%T96UE;G1S
M(&%S(&]F($1E8V5M8F5R(#,Q+`R

M9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N='




M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\W9F%F-S5A-5\T
#`V7S0X
31?.38Y85]A
C(U-S`Q









]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#





]




#L@4D5
051%1!005)462!44D%.4T%#5$E/3E,\+V(^/]P

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97








M
2P@

M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'0M:6YD96YT.B`P+C5I;B<^)B
Q

C
L

M;R!E;7!L;WEE97
@87




M;G1O(#
U+#
P






C`Q
RP@

`T*:6X@;F]N+6EN=&5R97-T

M87)T:65S+B8C
38P.R8C

M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'0M:6YD96YT.B`P+C5I;B<^
M)B




T0G9F]N=#H@


#`@9G)O
M;2!A('-H87)E:&]L9&5R(&]F('1H92!#;VUP86YY+B8C
38P.R8C
38P.U1H
M90T*;F]T97

M96X@.4@86YD(#$P)2!A;F0@=V5R92!D=64@;VX@4V5P=&5M8F5R(#$U+`R
M
#$S+B8C
38P.R8C

38P






N)B
Q-C`[)B

M
S$L(#(P
3
L('1H92!B86QA;F-E(&]F(&YO=&5S(&]U='-T86YD:6YG(&]F

#LF(S$V
#M!8V-R=65D

2P@
C`Q


#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(#`N-6EN)SXF(S$V,#L\+W`^#0H-@T*






]




#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R





'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L



M('!R:6YC:7!L97
@9V5N97)A;&QY(&%C8V5P=&5D(&EN('1H92!5;FET960@

@86YD(&QI86)I






'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97





'!T)SX\


M
T0G9F]N=#H@







M9VX]









]



'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L






M;V0@;V8@

#LF(S$V
#M-86EN=&5N86YC92!A;F0@



2P@

]
M

]
T1T



6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0@
M5&EM97




M=&]M97(N)B
Q-C`[)B



T0G;6%R9VEN



M0V]S='
@:6YC=7)R960@9F]R('-A;&5S(&EN8V5N=&EV97


L('!R
M;VUO=&EO;G


T0G;6%R9VEN.B`P



T0G;6%R9VEN.B`P



'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97








@86YD(&1I;'5T
M960@15!3+B8C
38P.R8C

@:7



@8GD@=&AE('=E:6=H=&5D+6%V97)A9V4@;G5M8F5R
M(&]F(&-O;6UO;B!S:&%R97

@;V8@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K
M(&%N9!C;VUM;VX-G-T;V-K(&5Q=6EV86QE;G1S(&]U='-T86YD:6YG(&1U

#L@

M



2P@

M860@86X@86YT:2UD:6QU=&EV92!I;7!A8W0@;VX@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDF(S$T

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97











M(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXR

M;W1T;VTZ(&)L86-K(#%P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SX\

M
34E)SXR

T0G=F5R

T0G






34E)SXR
3`L

M86X]


M(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SY3:&%R97



3!P=#L@;&EN92UH96EG
M:'0Z(#$Q-24G/C$L




3!P=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/BT\

M;'-P86X]




T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED



M
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!P861D:6YG+7)I


Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T


]


]





'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97

M(&%C8V]R9&%N8V4@=VET:!!4T,@=&]P:6,@-S(P+3$U+`F(S$T-SL\:3Y3





]

M


\+VD^+8C,30X.R!W:&EC:!R97%U


M87@@87-S971S(&)Y(&$@=F%L=6%T:6]N(&%L;&]W86YC92!I9BP@8F%S960@

2!T87@@875T:&]R:71I97,N/]P

]
T1R




M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97






3@N








M


@:7-S=65D(&EN(&-O;FYE8W1I;VX@=VET



M='






@;V8@



M:6YS=')U;65N='
6QE/3-$)V9O


M:6YA;F-I86P@:6YS=')U;65N='

M=&EO;G


@87!P

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97






@




M='
@;VX-G1H92!M96%S=7)E;65N=!D871E+B!!4T
@5&]P:6
@.#(P(&%L







M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q




M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SY



T0G9F]N=#H@


B4G/B8C
38P




T0G9F]N=#H@
M

M

M:#H@
B4G/B8C
2<^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4]



'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E









]

]
T1T




M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


#$T+!&05-

M4U4F(S$T.#LI($YO+B`R

M8R`V



@=&AE(')E=F5N

Q

30X.SPO:3XL(&EN8VQU9&EN
M9R!M;W-T(&EN9'5S=')Y+7-P96-I9FEC#0IR979E;G5E(')E8V]G;FET:6]N

M:&4@0V]D:69I8V%T:6]N+B!);B!A9&1I=&EO;BP@05-5(#(P
30M






@:6X@86X@86UO=6YT('1H









'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97





#$T+3$R+`T*)B








#$U+B8C
38P.R8C

M:7

38P.R8C

M96YT;'D@979A;'5A=&EN9R!T:&4@:6UP86-T(&]F('1H92!A9&]P=&EO;B!O
M9B!!4U4@





M960@05-5(#(P
30M





@;F\@9W5I9&%N8V4@:6X@52Y3+B!'04%0(&%B;W5T(&UA;F%G96UE


M
30V.W


M5&AE(&%M96YD;65N='

M;F-E+B!);B!D;VEN9R!S;RP@=&AE(&%M96YD;65N='
@87)E(&EN=&5N9&5D

@86X@96YT:71Y)B




N(&%U9&ET:6YG('-T86YD

@*#$I('!R;W9I
M9&4@82!D969I;FET:6]N(&]F('1H92!T97)M(#QI/G-U8G-T86YT:6%L(&1O

RD@



M9&]U8G0@:7






M;'D@979A;'5A=&EN9R!T:&4@:6UP86-T(&]F('1H92!A9&]P=&EO;B!O9B!!
M4U4@

'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97






3DT-C@U

O4VAE970Q.2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-

T1T

M(%1H:7


]


]





M9VX]






R4[

M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/B8C




M)SXF(S$V

'!T.R!L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#H@

C`Q



34E)SY3:&%R
M97



3!P=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/C@S
M



38P.SPO=&0^

M;&4]





M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXQ+#$Q-PW-S8\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\






M

M;UA;&EG;CH@=&]P.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!S:6QV97(G/@T*(`@


M:7IE.B`Q
'!T.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@




M/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
M


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\W9F%F-S5A-5\T
#`V
M7S0X
31?.38Y85]A



M:2(-@T*/&AT;6P^#0H@(#QH96%D/@T*(`@(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]
M

]
T13


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]



]


M9VX]



M8VEL:6%T:6]N(%M486)L92!497AT($)L;V-K73PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

T0G9F]N=#H@



M;VYS(&ES(&%S(&9O;&QO=W

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97



38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
M
F4Z

34E)SX\8CY996%R(&5N9&5D($1E8V5M
M8F5R(#
Q+#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\

M(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V


'!T.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

C`Q
M-#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\
M=&0^)B

M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@-C`E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+7-I

34E)SY487@@8F5N969I=!A=!F



M:61T:#H@
3

'!T.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

S0N
#PO9F]N

T0G=VED=&@Z(#(E)SXF(S$V
M



M:&5I9VAT.B`Q

'!T
M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@




34E)SY3=&%T92!T87@@97AP96YS
M92P@;F5T(&]F(&9E9&5R86P@8F5N969I=#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S

T0G9F]N

M=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^


M(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q




Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@




#L\



3!P=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z


3!P=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/BD\+V9O

'!T.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
3$U

M86-K(#(N




38P
F4Z(#$P<'0[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXM/]F
M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97

Q




M
T0G9F]N=#H@

M=VED=&@Z(#$P

M(S$V




2P\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO

M)SX-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-


#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!C;VQS




M:&5I9VAT.B`Q


F4Z(#$P<'0[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E
M)SXH.#<W+#$S-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T
M:#H@

3!P=#L@;&EN92UH

M:#H@

3!P=#L@;&EN92UH


3!P=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B@Q+#

T0G=VED=&@Z(#(E)SX\

M


3!P=#L@;&EN92UH

T0G8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED)SXF(S$V

M(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M8FQA8VL@

'!T.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

2PS
M.#0L
S(X/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C


Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

'!T.R!L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#H@


#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B


M86-K(#(N



]

@86YD($QI86)I


T0G9F]N=#H@




T0P


Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
M


3!P=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQB/D%S(&]F
M($1E8V5M8F5R(#

M;VTG/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D


'!T.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M/&(^
C`Q-#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`\=&0^)B



M:&5I9VAT.B`Q


M)SXF(S$V

M

M9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-






T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED
M)SXF(S$V




M



3!P=#L@;&EN92UH96EG
M:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B@Q+#
X-PS,C@\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^/&9O



M/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D


M(#(N


M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P

3!P

M





3DT-C@U#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z
M+S=F868W-6$U7S0P
#9?-#@Q-%\Y-CEA7V$R
C4W

M971S+U-H965T

M87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O



M1#$^

S$L(#(P
30\8G(^



M86QI9VX]



T0G9F]N=#H@






M=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T



M=&0^)B




3!P=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z

2P@
C`Q
M

M+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED)SXF(S$V

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E)SXF(S$V
M

M;3H@8FQA8VL@


34E)SXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@



3!P=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/C$N
S4\+V9O


#L\+W1D



#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V

T0G


M






M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXI/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO



34E)SXQ+C0P/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M/'1D/B8C


M(S$V



3!P=#L@;&EN92UH
M96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B@Q.#
L
C0P*3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL



3!P=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/C$N-#`\+V9O;G0^



M

M(')I9VAT)SXF(S$V


3!P
M=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/C0L-SDP+#0P.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V

T0G8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

'!T.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
M



M

M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D('-T


34E)SXP+C0Y/]F;VYT/CPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C





M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXI/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^


M(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXR+C`Y/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D
M/B8C



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED)SXF(S$V
M



M)B


M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXM/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO

M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!S:6QV97(G/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED
M)SXF(S$V


Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O
M='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+7-I


M93H@
3!P=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/C$N

]
T1R93X-

]
T1T97AT/CQT86)L




T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@9F]N=US
M:7IE.B`Q,7!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T




@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M)SX\8CY.=6UB97(F(S$V



M





3)P







'!T.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
M




M

M:7IE.B`Q
'!T.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

3DW+#$Y-#PO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@=&]P.R!F



30@3V9F97)I





M;3H@8FQA8VL@

38P.SPO


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ('1O



3!P=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z
M(#$Q-24G/D]U='-T86YD:6YG(&%T($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$T/]F;VYT



M;VTZ(&)L86-K(#%P=!S;VQI9#L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
G!T.R!T97AT+6%L

'!T.R!L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

2PQ


M


M




7!T)SXF(S$V
#L\



]


]



@3F5W(%)O;6%N



M

#$T




M

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

7!T)SXF
M(S$V


T0G=VED=&@Z(#4E.R!F;VYT+7-I
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M<VEZ93H@
3!P=#L@;&EN

G!T)SX\

M

7!T)SXF(S$V
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M<VEZ93H@

T0G




38P.SPO=&0^#0H@


G!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N

'!T.R!L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#H@

2XU
SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M<VEZ
M93H@,3!P=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B4\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\+W1R



6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M<VEZ93H@




M93H@


#9?-#@Q-%\Y-CEA7V$R
C4W
#$Y-#8X-0T*



]

M:60]


]


M9VX]



]
M


M)B



Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P
M86X]


T0G9F]N=#H@
M

M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@



T0G
M9F]N=#H@



Q



M960-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@

T0G
M9F]N=#H@





M.B!;&%C:SL@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQB/E=E:6=H=&5D#0H@(`@

I

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


M8VL[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SY/=71S=&%N9&EN9RP-B`@(!*86YU
M87)Y(#$L(#(P
3


M;&4]
T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@=VED=&@Z(#$Q)3L@8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H


M8VL[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXM/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D


T0G8V]L;W(Z($)L86-K)SXF(S$V

'!T.R!C;VQO


M.B`Q


3!P=#L@
M8V]L;W(Z($)L86-K.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@=&]P.R!W:61T
M:#H@


M

T0G8F%C:V=R;W5N


M:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C





M;&4]

T0G
M8V]L;W(Z($)L86-K)SXF(S$V

M;&4]


Q


6QE/3-$)V-O;&]R.B!;&%C:R<^)B


M
T0G8V]L;W(Z($)L86-K)SXF(S$V






T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI
M9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T

M





M-24G/D]U='-T86YD:6YG+`T*(`@($1E8V5M8F5R(#,Q+`R


M0FQA8VLG/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V
M97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q



M(#$Q-24G/C(N






3!P=#L@8V]L;W(Z($)L
M86-K.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[1W)A
M;G1E9#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA



M
T0G8V]L;W(Z($)L86-K)SXF(S$V


3!P=#L@8V]L;W(Z
M($)L86-K.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SX\

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SX\

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SX\

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!T

M

34E)SXP+C(U-3PO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@

T0G8V]L
M;W(Z($)L86-K)SXF(S$V



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D


T0G8V]L;W(Z($)L
M86-K)SXF(S$V

T0G9F]N

Q



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R


M0FQA8VL[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXM/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@



M:6YG+`T*(`@($1E8V5M8F5R(#,Q+`R
#$T/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@


38P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

38P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG


M
34E)SXV
C`L

6QE/3-$)V-O;&]R.B!



M93H@
3!P=#L@8V]L;W(Z($)L86-K.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@


34E

M;&4]
T0G8V]L;W(Z($)L86-K)SXF(S$V




#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B


#`\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SXF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T
M=&]M)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

M/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T

M9VXZ(')I9VAT)SXR+C`W



T1T;W`^4V-H961U



T0G9F]N=#H@


@


M+5-C:&]L97

M8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`T*
C`Q-!A;F0@,C`Q,SHF(S$V,#L\+W`^#0H-CQT86)L




M93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SX-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T

M
3!P=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQB/D1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+#PO8CX\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/'1R('-T


M/3-$

M.B`Q
'!T.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

C`Q-#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B


M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SY6;VQA=&EL:71Y/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@


3

'!T.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

3DR



24G
M/B8C


M
'!T.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C



M9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B

3!P
M=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/C4\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
















M8V4@9'5R:6YG(#(P
30@86YD(#(P
3
@87)E(&%S(&9O;&QO=W

T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG
M/3-$
!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97




M#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@


M(#QT9#XF(S$V

B!S='EL93TS

'!T.R!L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#H@

C`Q



3!P=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/D5X97)C:7-E('!R:6-E
M(&QO=V5R('1H86X@;6%R:V5T('!R:6-E/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D



T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E
M)SXF(S$V

T0G=VED


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CPO

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C

#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V

Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@



M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!S:6QV97(G/@T*(`@(#QT9#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS


T0G9F]N

'!T.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
M

XR-34\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B

T0G


'!T.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#H@

#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@

MB`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`\=&0^)B


38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/]T

34E)SXF(S$V
#M%
&-E961E9!M87)K970@<')I8V4\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B


34E)SXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D


34E)SXM/]F;VYT/CPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C

3!P=#L@;&EN
M92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


3!P=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/C(N

M/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/]T86)L93X-CQP



M@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\W9F%F-S5A-5\T,#`V7S0X,31?.38Y85]A
M,C(U-S`Q.30V.#4-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-V9A


O
M4VAE970R
RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q=6]T

M=#TB=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H


T1T97AT+VIA=F%S8W)I

@0V]M;65N


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R/CQS







]


]


P+#`P







]


3`L


#`V
M7S0X
31?.38Y85]A



M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-

T1T

M(%1H:7



T0Q(')O
M=W-P86X]

CXQ
B!-;VYT:'

M1&5C+B`S
2P@

#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@






]
M



]
T1N=6T^*#
Y+C8P)2D\


]



]


]


T1T





I/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D


M
#9?-#@Q-%\Y-CEA7V$R
C4W







]



M/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@

#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*



]



]



]

]
T1N=6T^*#@W-RPQ
S8I/'-P86X^

2PS.#0L
M


]







]

T0R/C$R($UO;G1H



]

]








]
T1T97AT/B9N8G-P.R9N8G-P


T1T

]
T1T

]


]
M

]


]

M;7`^-C(P+#`P

M86QI9VX]

S$L(#(P
3
\





]
M

]



]

]





]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]


]









]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@








M-5\T
#`V7S0X
31?.38Y85]A

M;G1E;G0]

^








#`E/'-P86X^

#`E


]








M(&-O;G1E;G0]




CXQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD

M(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@

#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\





M(%M



]

M86QI9VX]


]



]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]


M(&EN(%)E;&%T960@=&\@36%R:V5T(%!R:6-E(%M










O4VAE970R.2YH=&UL


M87-C:6DB
M#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$





]
M

M/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@






]
T1N=6UP/B0@-2PU




M
#`V7S0X
31?.38Y85]A



M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A

M

M;W9E(%1H:7


^#0H@


3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T
M:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C;&%S

S$L(#(P


@


]
M

M;3XH
3@L
S


]



C


#9?-#@Q-%\Y
M-CEA7V$R
C4W






]




M9VX]



]


M-RPX

M7S=F868W-6$U7S0P
#9?-#@Q-%\Y-CEA7V$R
C4W
#$Y-#8X-0T*0V]N=&5N





]

T1)

T0Q/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R



]

]



T1T;W`^4')O8V5E9'
@









]


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\W9F%F-S5A-5\T
M
#`V7S0X
31?.38Y85]A

S



M:78]

]
M


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]



M

S$L(#(P



]


]





\

L
#`P/'-P


]
T1T97AT/D1E8R`S



3DT-C@U#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO
M8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S=F868W-6$U7S0P
#9?-#@Q-%\Y-CEA7V$R
M
C4W





^+RH@1&\@


$4R




]

]
M


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#





M=#XQ
B!M;VYT:'


M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/D]P97)A=&EN9R!
96%S97
L(%)E;G0@17AP96YS92P@
M36EN:6UU;2!296YT86QS/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M










]
T1N=6UP/C4P-RPR
C


M






L($9U='5R92!-

\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@





\+W1D





2PV
M


M868W-6$U7S0P
#9?-#@Q-%\Y-CEA7V$R
C4W





]

T1)1#!%

T0R/C$R($UO

#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@


]

]



T1T;W`^56YV







]
T1N=6T^*#(Q


T1T
M;W`^1F]R9F5I=&5D/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XF

M87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q.#
L



]







2XT



]
M


]
M




2XP




O4VAE970S-BYH=&UL#0I#;VYT


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH
M=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N



M*B!$;R!.;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7

M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]






2PQ








#$T

]
T1T

]

]
T1N=6UP/C$L



3DT-C@U#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE
M.B\O+T
Z+S=F868W-6$U7S0P
#9?-#@Q-%\Y-CEA7V$R
C4W
#$Y-#8X-2]7



^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4

$5(4$%#/@T*(`@(`@

2!R;W=S


CXQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H/@T*

M=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@



]


M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XQ('EE87(\



]
T1N=6UP/C`N









]






]

]
T1P


]
T1N=6UP/C`N



M+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\W9F%F-S5A-5\T
#`V7S0X
31?.38Y85]A
C(U


M=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P





T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R/CQS=')O

CXQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H/@T*(`@(`@


M
2P@



]







]
T1N=6UP/C$Y






]
T1N=6UP/B0@






]

]
T1N



]


\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@





]
T1N=6UP/C(L-C8U+#(U


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C(X



I/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@



]


]

3@L-#8P+#`P


]


]


#`P
M+#`P

]
T1T

]











]
M


M9VX]


M1&YU;7`^
BPY
C`L-C8W+#`P







]



]

C`P+#`P

]
T1R


]


]

]
T1P


M;7`^
BPP-3`L








]


]













M/3-$=&]P/E!R;V-E961S(&9R;VT@27-S=6%N8V4@;V8@0V]M;6]N(%-T;V-K

M.#
U+#`P


]


]

#`L

M=&4@4&QA8V5M96YT/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\













2PP
#`L
#`P+#`P


]



]

]


]


]

]
T1N


]


]





M;VX@4W1O8VL@:7-S=65D('1O(&5X96-U=&EV92!O9F9I8V5R/]T9#X-B`@









]
T1N=6UP/C$L
C
T/'-P

38W


M





]


]


]


]











M/3-$=&]P/D-A;F-E;&QA=&EO;B!O9B!S=&]C:SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT





3DT-C@U#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S=F868W
M-6$U7S0P
#9?-#@Q-%\Y-CEA7V$R
C4W

M965T

M(G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%5$$@:'1T


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@

$551T%'/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@



M;VYG/E-T;V-K($]P=&EO;G
@*$1E=&%I;'

M;'-P86X]


T0Q/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@

#$T/&)R

]
T1T:#Y*=6PN(#

M;VYG/DY/5$4@-R`M(%-43T-+($]05$E/3E
@*$1E=&%I;'
I(%M
:6YE($ET



2PW




M:7IE9!C;VUP96YS871I;VX@8V]S=#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C;&%S

3
L
#DV+#
P


]


T1T;W`^16UP;&]Y964@4W1O8VL@3W!T:6]N(%M-











@:6X@4&5R

C$P
M+#`P

]
T1T


M



]
T1R;SX-









]
T1T97AT/DIU;'D@


]







]
T1N=6UP/C4L



]



T1T;W`^16UP



]
M



]
T1N=6UP/B0@-C(L
#`P+#`P







34N


#`V
M7S0X
31?.38Y85]A



M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-

T1T

M(%1H:7



T0Q(')O
M=W-P86X]


M


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2F%N+B`S
2P@



]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
C4L-#$T/'-P




]
T1N=6UP/C(S+#(W


]




L($-U

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1P;!V86QI9VX]
M,T1T;W`^1&5B=!#;VYV97)S:6]N+!#;VYV97)T960@26YS=')U;65N=P@









]



T1T;W`^4W1O


C
L



]
T1N=6UP/C
W+#`P












M:6=N/3-$=&]P/D%C8W)U960@4V%L87)Y(%M-96UB97)=('P@4V5R:65S($$@







I/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S















]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^
M0VAI968@17AE8W5T:79E($]F9FEC97(\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@8VQA

]


]

M86QI9VX]






]















T1T;W`^
M4')O8V5E9'


]
T1N=6UP/C4P+#`P


]



]

]
M


]


]



]

]


]



3DT-C@U#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O
M+T
Z+S=F868W-6$U7S0P
#9?-#@Q-%\Y-CEA7V$R
C4W
#$Y-#8X-2]7;W)K


T0B=7)N.G-C
M:&5M87

M968]
T0B4VAE970P
2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
M
#(N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#`S+FAT;6PB+SX-
MB`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970P-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(
M4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
#4N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E
M=#`V+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970P-RYH=&UL(B\^
M#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,#@N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@
M2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#`Y+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE
M970Q
YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,3$N:'1M;(O
M/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$R+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE
M($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Q
RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H
M965T
30N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$U+FAT;6PB

T0B4VAE970Q.2YH=&UL
M(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
C`N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I
M;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(Q+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B
M4VAE970R,BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,C,N:'1M
M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(T+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&
M:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970R-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$
M(E-H965T
C8N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(W+FAT
M;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970R.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z
M1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
CDN:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS
M1)3:&5E=#
P+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970S,2YH
M=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,S(N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO
M.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#,S+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
M
T0B4VAE970S-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,S4N
M:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#,V+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\
M;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970S-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F
M/3-$(E-H965T
S@N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#
Y
M+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970T,YH=&UL(B\^#0H\

`
end











    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          











        
        
        


        
$ 5
539
$ 1
553




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 depletion and amortization for physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

Stock Options (Details) - Schedule of Share-based Payment Award
 Stock Options
 Exercise Prices in Related to Market Price (USD $)

        

      










        
        
        


NOTE 7 - STOCK OPTIONS (Details) - Schedule of Share-based Payment Award
 Stock Options
 Exercise Prices in Related to Market Price [Line Items]
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


NOTE 7 - STOCK OPTIONS (Details) - Schedule of Share-based Payment Award
 Stock Options
 Exercise Prices in Related to Market Price [Line Items]
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


NOTE 7 - STOCK OPTIONS (Details) - Schedule of Share-based Payment Award
 Stock Options
 Exercise Prices in Related to Market Price [Line Items]
        
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






Organization
 Consolidation and Presentation of Financial Statements [Abstract]
        


        
$ 5
215
122


        
(18
336
844)


        
(8
576
094)


        
$ 507
223




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          











        
        
        


        
$ 308
708
        


        
$ 136
620
$ 87
805




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        
NOTE 2 &#150; SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
POLICIES



with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (&#34;GAAP&#34;). Management is required to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported
amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.



and time deposits purchased with a maturity of three months or less.




management expects to collect from outstanding balances. The Company provides for probable uncollectible amounts based upon its
assessment of the current status of the individual receivables and after using reasonable collection efforts. The allowance for
doubtful accounts as of December 31
 2014 and 2013 was zero.




(first-in
 first-out method) or market. When necessary
 the Company provides allowances to adjust the carrying value of its inventories
to the lower of cost or net realizable value.



for which the Company has not yet taken delivery.



is computed using the straight line method over the estimated useful life of the respective assets.&#160;&#160;Computer equipment
is depreciated over a period of 3 -5 years.&#160;&#160;Maintenance and repairs are charged to expense when incurred.&#160;&#160;When
property and equipment are retired or otherwise disposed of
 the related cost and accumulated depreciation are removed from the
respective accounts and any gain or loss is credited or charged to income.&#160;&#160;At December 31
 2014 and 2013
 accumulated
depreciation related to property and equipment was $5
539 and $1
553
 respectively.



at the time of delivery when title and risk of loss passes to the customer.&#160;&#160;Recognition of revenue also requires reasonable
assurance of collection of sales proceeds.



are accounted for as a reduction in revenue. These costs include payments to customers for performing merchandising activities
on our behalf
 including in-store displays
 promotions for new items and obtaining optimum shelf space.



finished goods from our sales distribution centers to customer locations are included in the line Selling
 General and Administrative
Expenses in our Statements of Operations.



with the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#147;FASB&#148;) Accounting Standards Codification (&#147;ASC&#148;) Topic
260
&#148;.&#160;&#160;ASC Topic 260 requires presentation of basic and diluted EPS.&#160;&#160;Basic
EPS is computed by dividing the income (loss) available to common stockholders by the weighted-average number of common shares
outstanding for the period.&#160;&#160;Diluted EPS is based on the weighted average number of shares of common stock and common
stock equivalents outstanding during the periods.


from the computation of weighted average shares outstanding for the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013
 as they would have
had an anti-dilutive impact on the Company&#146;s net loss per common share:



    
    
    
    
    

    
830
000
    
210
000

    
1
114
776
    
    

    
1
944
776
    
210
000

    
    
    
    
    





Costs
&#148; the Company charges all costs associated with its start-up operations to income as incurred.



ASC topic 740
 &#147;
&#148; which requires the use of an asset and liability approach in accounting for income
taxes. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recorded based on the differences between the financial statement and tax bases
of assets and liabilities and the tax rates in effect when these differences are expected to reverse. ASC Topic 740 also requires
the reduction of deferred tax assets by a valuation allowance if
 based on the weight of available evidence
 it is more likely
than not that some or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. Tax returns for the years from 2009 to 2013 are subject
to examination by tax authorities.




Compensation
 including employee
stock options
 restricted stock
 employee stock purchase plans and stock appreciation rights. ASC Topic 718 requires employee compensation
expense to be recorded using the fair value method. The Company&#160;accounts for employee stock based compensation in accordance
with the provisions&#160;of ASC Topic 718. For non-employee options and warrants
 the Company uses the fair value method as prescribed
in ASC Topic 718.



are related to embedded conversion features issued in connection with the Series A Preferred Stock. For derivative instruments
that are accounted for as liabilities
 the derivative instrument is initially recorded at its fair value and is then re-valued
at each reporting date
 with changes in fair value recognized in earnings each reporting period. The Company uses the Black-Scholes
model to value the derivative instruments at inception and subsequent valuation dates and the value is re-assessed at the end of
each reporting period
 in accordance with ASC Topic 815
 &#147;Derivatives and Hedging.&#148; Derivative instrument liabilities
are classified in the balance sheets as current or non-current based upon whether or not the net-cash settlement of the derivative
instrument could be required within twelve months of the balance sheet date.



which include accounts payable
 accrued expenses and debt obligations approximate their fair values due to their short-term nature
and/or variable interest rates. The Company&#146;s debt obligations bear interest at rates which approximate prevailing market
rates for instruments with similar characteristics and
 accordingly
 the carrying values for these instruments approximate fair
value.



Value Measurement
&#148; which established a framework for measuring fair value and expands disclosure about fair value measurements.&#160;&#160;ASC
Topic 820 defines fair value as the amount that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (i.e.
 an exit price)
in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on
the measurement date. ASC Topic 820 also establishes a fair value hierarchy that requires an entity to maximize the use of observable
inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. ASC Topic 820 describes the following three levels
of inputs that may be used:



    
    
Level 1 Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets that are accessible at the measurement date for identical

 unrestricted assets or liabilities;




    
    
Level 2 Quoted prices in markets that are not active
 or inputs that are observable
 either directly or indirectly
 for substantially the full term of the asset or liability;




    
    
    



measured at fair value on a recurring basis at December 31
 2014 or 2013. The Company did not have any fair value adjustments for
assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis during the periods ended December 31
 2014 or 2013.



 FASB issued Accounting Standards
Update (&#147;ASU&#148;) No. 2014-09
 which creates ASC Topic 606
 &#147;
and supersedes the revenue recognition requirements in Topic 605
 &#147;
 including most industry-specific
revenue recognition guidance throughout the Industry Topics of the Codification. In addition
 ASU 2014-09 supersedes the cost guidance
in Subtopic 605-35
 &#147;
&#148; and creates
new Subtopic 340-40
.&#148; In summary
 the core
principle of ASC Topic 606 is to recognize revenue when promised goods or services are transferred to customers in an amount that
reflects the consideration that is expected to be received for those goods or services. The amendments in ASU 2014-09 are effective
for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2016
 including interim periods within that reporting period
 and early
application is not permitted. Therefore the amendments in ASU 2014-09 will become effective for us as of the beginning of our 2018
fiscal year. The Company is currently assessing the impact of implementing the new guidance.


 FASB issued ASU No. 2014-12

That a Performance Target Could Be Achieved after the Requisite Service Period&#148;. 
all reporting entities that grant their employees share-based payments in which the terms of the award provide that a performance
target that affects vesting could be achieved after the requisite service period. The amendments require that a performance target
that affects vesting and that could be achieved after the requisite service period must be treated as a performance condition.
A reporting entity should apply existing guidance in Topic 718 as it relates to awards with performance conditions that affect
vesting to account for such awards. For all entities
 the amendments in this ASU are effective for annual periods and interim periods
within those annual periods beginning after December 15
 2015.&#160;&#160;Earlier adoption is permitted.&#160;&#160;The Company
is currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of ASU 2014-12 on the Company's financial statements.


 FASB issued ASU 2014-15

Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity&#146;s Ability
to Continue as a Going Concern
 there is no guidance in U.S. GAAP about management&#146;s responsibility
to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an entity&#146;s ability to continue as a going concern or to provide related
footnote disclosures. The amendments in this ASU provide that guidance. In doing so
 the amendments are intended to reduce diversity
in the timing and content of footnote disclosures. The amendments require management to assess an entity&#146;s ability to continue
as a going concern by incorporating and expanding upon certain principles that are currently in U.S. auditing standards. Specifically

 
including interim periods
 (3) provide principles for considering the mitigating effect of management&#146;s plans
 (4) require
certain disclosures when substantial doubt is alleviated as a result of consideration of management&#146;s plans
 (5) require
an express statement and other disclosures when substantial doubt is not alleviated
 and (6) require an assessment for a period
of one year after the date that the financial statements are issued (or available to be issued). The amendments in this ASU are
effective for public and nonpublic entities for annual periods ending after December 15
 2016. Early adoption is permitted. The
Company is currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of ASU 2014-15 on the Company&#146;s financial statements.


recently issued
 but not yet effective accounting standards
 if currently adopted
 would have a material effect on the accompanying
financial statements.





        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        
        

      










        
        
        


        
        
790
834


        
        
$ 378
700


        
197
708.5
        


        
1
977
085
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        
        
        

      


















        
$ 220
677
        
$ 25
414
        


Common stock issued
 shares
23
272
42
714
        
        


Common stock issued
 valued
37
000
100
692
        
        


Notes Payable
 Related Parties
 Current
        
        
        
        


Debt Conversion
 Converted Instrument
 Shares Issued (in Shares)
        
1
977
085
        
        


        
        
7
262
        
        


Stock Issued During Period
 Shares
 to Employees in Lieu of Cash (in Shares)
23
272
42
714
        
        


Stock Issued During Period
 Value
 to Employees in Lieu of Cash
37
000
100
692
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
24
000
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


Debt Conversion
 Original Debt
 Amount
141
200
        
        
        


Debt Conversion
 Converted Instrument
 Shares Issued (in Shares)
35
300
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


Debt Conversion
 Original Debt
 Amount
20
000
        
        
        


Debt Conversion
 Converted Instrument
 Shares Issued (in Shares)
50
000
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
167
500
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
27
763
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


Notes Payable
 Related Parties
 Current
        
        
        
187
500


        
        
50
000
        
        


Debt Conversion
 Original Debt
 Amount
        
237
500
        
        


        
        
7
261
        
        


Interest Expense
 Related Party
        
$ 1
658
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


Debt Conversion
 Converted Instrument
 Shares Issued (in Shares)
        
59
375
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 due to related parties. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 owners or officers and their immediate families
 pension trusts
 and so forth. Alternate caption: Proceeds from Advances from Affiliates.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          











        
        
        


        
$ 345
616
$ 8
080


        
43
890
1
808


        
445
328
87
805


        
1
782
122
305


        
37
887
17
882


        
874
503
237
880


PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT
 net of accumulated depreciation
2
603
4
470


        
        
        


        
2
294
5
798


        
879
400
248
148


        
        
        


        
542
157
289
120


        
220
677
        


        
        
        


        
762
834
313
120


        
        
        


Preferred stock
 10
000
000 shares authorized at $0.001 par value
 no shares issued and outstanding
        
        


Common stock
 190
000
000 shares authorized at $0.001 par value
 16
907
396 and 12
631
485 shares issued and outstanding
 respectively
16
907
12
631


        
18
436
503
13
044
119


        
(18
336
844)
        


        
116
566
(64
972)


        
$ 879
400
$ 248
148




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 current.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer)
 including liabilities incurred (and for which invoices have typically been received) and payable to vendors for goods and services received
 taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities
 accrued salaries and bonuses
 payroll taxes and fringe benefits.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including liabilities incurred and payable to vendors for goods and services received
 taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities
 compensation costs
 payroll taxes and fringe benefits (other than pension and postretirement obligations)
 contractual rights and obligations
 and statutory obligations.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.9-03.15(1)
 -Subparagraph 1
 5
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 within one year of the balance sheet date (or the normal operating cycle
 whichever is longer)
 for goods or services (including trade receivables) that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business
 reduced to the estimated net realizable fair value by an allowance established by the entity of the amount it deems uncertain of collection.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 use the element additional paid in capital
 common stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only preferred stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 preferred stock.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 due to related parties. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 typically cash
 provided to a counterparty to provide certain assurance of performance by the entity pursuant to the terms of a written or oral agreement
 such as a lease.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.8
17)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          


          






          






          


          



Beginning Balance at Dec. 31
 2012
$ 8
551
$ 9
838
024
        
        
$ (10
345
757)
$ (499
182)


Beginning Balance
 Shares at Dec. 31
 2012
8
551
265
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
100
649
        
        
        
100
692


Employees in lieu of salary
 Shares
42
714
        
        
        
        
42
714


Directors and Employees
 net of forfeitures
        
832
714
        
        
        
833
139


Directors and Employees
 net of forfeitures
 Shares
425
253
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
963
699
        
        
        
964
162


Advisors and Consultant
 Shares
463
463
        
        
        
        
        


        
1
172
467
510
        
        
        
468
682


Private placement offering
 Shares
1
171
705
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
50
717
        
        
        
50
717


        
        
        
        
790
636
        
790
834


Issuance of Series A Preferred Stock
 Shares
        
        
197
709
        
        
        


        
1
977
790
806
        
(790
636)
        
1
949


Conversion of Series A Preferred Stock to Common Stock
 Shares
1
977
085
        
(197
709)
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
(2
775
965)
(2
775
965)


Ending Balance at Dec. 31
 2013
12
631
13
044
119
        
        
(13
121
722)
(64
972)


Ending Balance
 Shares at Dec. 31
 2013
12
631
485
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
36
977
        
        
        
37
000


Employees in lieu of salary
 Shares
23
272
        
        
        
        
23
272


Directors and Employees
 net of forfeitures
1
965
2
918
702
        
        
        
2
920
667


Directors and Employees
 net of forfeitures
 Shares
1
965
000
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
550
786
        
        
        
551
070


Advisors and Consultant
 Shares
283
652
        
        
        
        
200
000


        
2
017
1
817
815
        
        
        
1
819
832


Private placement offering
 Shares
2
016
484
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
(11
360)
        
        
        
(11
373)


Repurchase of restricted stock
 SHares
(12
497)
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
79
464
        
        
        
79
464


        
        
        
        
        
(5
215
122)
(5
215
122)


Ending Balance at Dec. 31
 2014
$ 16
907
$ 18
436
503
        
        
$ (18
336
844)
$ 116
566


Ending Balance
 Shares at Dec. 31
 2014
16
907
396
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 that is
 the amount recognized as expense in the income statement (or as asset if compensation is capitalized). Alternate captions include the words stock-based compensation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 shares issued for services contributed by vendors and founders.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including shares forfeited
 as a result of Restricted Stock Awards.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of any shares forfeited. Shares issued could result from the issuance of restricted stock
 the exercise of stock options
 stock issued under employee stock purchase plans
 and/or other employee benefit plans.
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 services contributed by vendors and founders.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of stock value of such awards forfeited. Stock issued could result from the issuance of restricted stock
 the exercise of stock options
 stock issued under employee stock purchase plans
 and/or other employee benefit plans.
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

Restricted stock issuances to directors
 executive officers and employees (Details) (USD $)

        

      










        
        
        


        
4
790
408
4
453
516


        
1
965
000
608
441


        
(210
000)
(88
309)


        
        
(183
240)


        
6
091
992
4
790
408


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that were forfeited during the reporting period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that validly exist and are outstanding as of the balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 revenue or profit achievement stock award plan) for which the employer is contingently obligated to issue equity instruments or transfer assets to an employee who has not yet satisfied service or performance criteria necessary to gain title to proceeds from the sale of the award or underlying shares or units.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that vested during the reporting period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 by satisfying service and performance requirements
 to receive or retain shares or units
 other instruments
 or cash in accordance with the terms of the arrangement.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






Disclosure of Compensation Related Costs
 Share-based Payments [Abstract]
        


Schedule of Share-based Compensation
 Stock Options
 Activity [Table Text Block]
        


    
    
    
Number
        of Shares
    
    
Weighted
                                         Average 
Exercise
        Price
Weighted
    Average Remaining Contractual Term (in years)

Outstanding
    January 1
 2013
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
210
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding
    December 31
 2013
    
    
210
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
620
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding
    December 31
 2014
    
    
620
000
    
    
    
    
    


 December 31

    
    


    
    
    
    
    




Schedule of Share-based Payment Award
 Stock Options
 Valuation Assumptions [Table Text Block]
        

assumptions using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model used on the date of the grants issued for the years ended December 31
2014 and 2013:&#160;


    
    
December 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




Schedule of Share-based Payment Award
 Stock Options
 Exercise Prices in Relation to Market Price [Table Text Block]
        

to the market price during 2014 and 2013 are as follows:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    






        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 vested and expected to vest
 exercisable or convertible at the end of the year
 and the number of share options or share units that were granted
 exercised or converted
 forfeited
 and expired during the year.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including
 but not limited to: (a) expected term of share options and similar instruments
 (b) expected volatility of the entity's shares
 (c) expected dividends
 (d) risk-free rate(s)
 and (e) discount for post-vesting restrictions.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        
        

      










        
        
        


        
1
114
776
        


        
197
194
        


        
917
582
        


Exercisable at December 31
 2014
1
114
776
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        


        
        
        


State tax expense
 net of federal benefit
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
$ (877
136)
$ (1
384
328)


        
877
136
1
384
328


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of federal tax expense (benefit).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















/**
 * Rivet Software Inc.
 *
 * @copyright Copyright (c) 2006-2011 Rivet Software
 Inc. All rights reserved.
 * Version 2.4.0.3
 *
 */
var Show = {};
Show.LastAR = null
Show.hideAR = function(){
	Show.LastAR.style.display = 'none';
};
Show.showAR = function ( link
 id
 win ){
	if( Show.LastAR ){
		Show.hideAR();
	}
	var ref = link;
	do {
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	} while (ref && ref.nodeName != 'TABLE');
	if (!ref || ref.nodeName != 'TABLE') {
		var tmp = win ?
			win.document.getElementById(id) :
			document.getElementById(id);
		if( tmp ){
			ref = tmp.cloneNode(true);
			ref.id = '';
			link.parentNode.appendChild(ref);
		}
	}
	if( ref ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		Show.LastAR = ref;
	}
};
Show.toggleNext = function( link ){
	var ref = link;
	do{
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	}while( ref.nodeName != 'DIV' );
	if( ref.style &&
		ref.style.display &&
		ref.style.display == 'none' ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}
	}else{
		ref.style.display = 'none';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}
	}
};











    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        




 Inc. (&#147;MOJO&#148; or
the &#147;Company&#148;) was incorporated in the State of Delaware on August 2
 2007.&#160;&#160;Headquartered in Jersey City
NJ
 the Company is a developer of emerging beverage brands that are natural
 USDA Organic
 non-genetically modified and certified
by the Rainforest Alliance. Currently
 the Company produces CHIQUITA TROPICALS&#153;
 which are 100% fruit juices
 produced under
license agreement from Chiquita Brands L.L.C.
 a wholly owned subsidiary of Chiquita Br ands International
 Inc. (&#147;CBII&#148;).&#160;&#160;The
Company currently produces four flavors: Banana Strawberry
 Mango
 Passion Fruit and Pineapple.


available in the New York tri-state area and on Amazon.com in late July 2013. In February 2014
 the Company expanded its sales
to the west coast
 New England and Central America. To grow its sales
 the Company utilizes food brokers and distributors as well
as selling direct to certain large retail chain stores.





        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 parent and subsidiary relationships
 business divisions
 business units
 business segments
 affiliates and information about significant ownership of the reporting entity.  Basis of presentation describes the underlying basis used to prepare the financial statements (for example
 US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
 Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting
 IFRS).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          











        
        
        


Preferred stock
 par value
        
        


Preferred stock
 authorized
10
000
000
10
000
000


Preferred stock
 issued
        
        


Preferred stock
 outstanding
        
        


Common stock
 par value
        
        


Common stock
 authorized
190
000
000
190
000
000


Common stock
 issued
16
907
396
12
631
485


Common stock
 outstanding
16
907
396
12
631
485




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 repurchased
 and remain in the treasury). May be all or portion of the number of preferred shares authorized. Excludes preferred shares that are classified as debt.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        



 2014
 accrued payroll amounted
to $220
677. This amount included $25
414 for December payroll paid in January 2015. It also included unpaid salary due to the
Chief Executive Officer of the Company of $167
500 pursuant to his employment agreement with the Company and unpaid salary of $27
763
payable to the Controller (and Principal Accounting Officer) of the Company for the year ended December 31
 2014. There was no
accrued payroll as of December 31
 2013.


 2014 and
2013
 the Company issued 23
272 and 42
714 shares of Common Stock
 respectively
 to employees as payment of salary in lieu of cash
equivalent to $37
000 and $100
692
 respectively.&#160;The shares were valued by the Company at the closing price of the Company&#146;s
Common Stock on the last trading day of the applicable month for which payment was due. &#160;In addition
 accrued salary amounting
to $141
200 and $20
000 was converted into 35
300 shares of Series A Preferred Stock and 50
000 shares of Common Stock as part
of the Private Placement
 respectively.


 the Company received $24
000
in non-interest bearing
 demand loans from certain related parties.&#160;&#160;The loans were repaid in full by February 2014.


 various expenses of the Company
including advances for operating purposes
 were paid for or made by officers

to $187
500. In January 2013
 the Company received an additional advance of $50
000 from a shareholder of the Company.&#160;&#160;The
notes bore interest at rates varying between 8% and 10% and were due on September 15
 2013.&#160;&#160;


allowed the holders
 at their sole discretion
 to convert some or all of the principal amount of their note outstanding into equity
or debt securities issued by the Company in connection with any offering made by the Company during the period that the principal
amount of the note was outstanding.&#160;&#160;The conversion terms would be identical to the offering terms.&#160;&#160;On January
31
 2013
 the balance of notes outstanding of $237
500 was converted into 59
375 shares of Series A Preferred Stock.&#160;&#160;Accrued
interest of $7
261 was paid to the holders of the notes.&#160;&#160;Interest expense of $1
658 was charged to operations for the
year ended December 31
 2013.






        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        
        

      










        
        
        


        

 Inc.
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        

  2014
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
$ 16
907


Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding
        
16
907
396


        
        
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 then the document is an amendment to previously-filed/accepted document.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 the first fiscal quarter should be given as the fiscal period focus. Values: FY
 Q1
 Q2
 Q3
 Q4
 H1
 H2
 M9
 T1
 T2
 T3
 M8
 CY.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word Other.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 (2) Accelerated Filer
 (3) Non-accelerated Filer
 (4) Smaller Reporting Company (Non-accelerated) or (5) Smaller Reporting Accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter. The public float should be reported on the cover page of the registrants form 10K.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        


with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (&#34;GAAP&#34;). Management is required to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported
amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.



        
        


and time deposits purchased with a maturity of three months or less.



        
        


(first-in
 first-out method) or market. When necessary
 the Company provides allowances to adjust the carrying value of its inventories
to the lower of cost or net realizable value.



        
        


for which the Company has not yet taken delivery.



        
        


is computed using the straight line method over the estimated useful life of the respective assets.&#160;&#160;Computer equipment
is depreciated over a period of 3 -5 years.&#160;&#160;Maintenance and repairs are charged to expense when incurred.&#160;&#160;When
property and equipment are retired or otherwise disposed of
 the related cost and accumulated depreciation are removed from the
respective accounts and any gain or loss is credited or charged to income.&#160;&#160;At December 31
 2014 and 2013
 accumulated
depreciation related to property and equipment was $5
539 and $1
553
 respectively.



        
        


at the time of delivery when title and risk of loss passes to the customer.&#160;&#160;Recognition of revenue also requires reasonable
assurance of collection of sales proceeds.



        
        


are accounted for as a reduction in revenue. These costs include payments to customers for performing merchandising activities
on our behalf
 including in-store displays
 promotions for new items and obtaining optimum shelf space.



        
        


finished goods from our sales distribution centers to customer locations are included in the line Selling
 General and Administrative
Expenses in our Statements of Operations.



        
        


with the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#147;FASB&#148;) Accounting Standards Codification (&#147;ASC&#148;) Topic
260
&#148;.&#160;&#160;ASC Topic 260 requires presentation of basic and diluted EPS.&#160;&#160;Basic
EPS is computed by dividing the income (loss) available to common stockholders by the weighted-average number of common shares
outstanding for the period.&#160;&#160;Diluted EPS is based on the weighted average number of shares of common stock and common
stock equivalents outstanding during the periods.


from the computation of weighted average shares outstanding for the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013
 as they would have
had an anti-dilutive impact on the Company&#146;s net loss per common share:



    
    
    
    
    

    
830
000
    
210
000

    
1
114
776
    
    

    
1
944
776
    
210
000

    
    
    
    
    




        
        



Costs
&#148; the Company charges all costs associated with its start-up operations to income as incurred.



        
        


ASC topic 740
 &#147;
&#148; which requires the use of an asset and liability approach in accounting for income
taxes. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recorded based on the differences between the financial statement and tax bases
of assets and liabilities and the tax rates in effect when these differences are expected to reverse. ASC Topic 740 also requires
the reduction of deferred tax assets by a valuation allowance if
 based on the weight of available evidence
 it is more likely
than not that some or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. Tax returns for the years from 2009 to 2013 are subject
to examination by tax authorities.



        
        



Compensation
 including employee
stock options
 restricted stock
 employee stock purchase plans and stock appreciation rights. ASC Topic 718 requires employee compensation
expense to be recorded using the fair value method. The Company&#160;accounts for employee stock based compensation in accordance
with the provisions&#160;of ASC Topic 718. For non-employee options and warrants
 the Company uses the fair value method as prescribed
in ASC Topic 718.



        
        


are related to embedded conversion features issued in connection with the Series A Preferred Stock. For derivative instruments
that are accounted for as liabilities
 the derivative instrument is initially recorded at its fair value and is then re-valued
at each reporting date
 with changes in fair value recognized in earnings each reporting period. The Company uses the Black-Scholes
model to value the derivative instruments at inception and subsequent valuation dates and the value is re-assessed at the end of
each reporting period
 in accordance with ASC Topic 815
 &#147;Derivatives and Hedging.&#148; Derivative instrument liabilities
are classified in the balance sheets as current or non-current based upon whether or not the net-cash settlement of the derivative
instrument could be required within twelve months of the balance sheet date.



        
        


which include accounts payable
 accrued expenses and debt obligations approximate their fair values due to their short-term nature
and/or variable interest rates. The Company&#146;s debt obligations bear interest at rates which approximate prevailing market
rates for instruments with similar characteristics and
 accordingly
 the carrying values for these instruments approximate fair
value.



Value Measurement
&#148; which established a framework for measuring fair value and expands disclosure about fair value measurements.&#160;&#160;ASC
Topic 820 defines fair value as the amount that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (i.e.
 an exit price)
in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on
the measurement date. ASC Topic 820 also establishes a fair value hierarchy that requires an entity to maximize the use of observable
inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. ASC Topic 820 describes the following three levels
of inputs that may be used:



    
    
Level 1 Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets that are accessible at the measurement date for identical

 unrestricted assets or liabilities;




    
    
Level 2 Quoted prices in markets that are not active
 or inputs that are observable
 either directly or indirectly
 for substantially the full term of the asset or liability;




    
    
    



measured at fair value on a recurring basis at December 31
 2014 or 2013. The Company did not have any fair value adjustments for
assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis during the periods ended December 31
 2014 or 2013.



        
        


 FASB issued Accounting Standards
Update (&#147;ASU&#148;) No. 2014-09
 which creates ASC Topic 606
 &#147;
and supersedes the revenue recognition requirements in Topic 605
 &#147;
 including most industry-specific
revenue recognition guidance throughout the Industry Topics of the Codification. In addition
 ASU 2014-09 supersedes the cost guidance
in Subtopic 605-35
 &#147;
&#148; and creates
new Subtopic 340-40
.&#148; In summary
 the core
principle of ASC Topic 606 is to recognize revenue when promised goods or services are transferred to customers in an amount that
reflects the consideration that is expected to be received for those goods or services. The amendments in ASU 2014-09 are effective
for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2016
 including interim periods within that reporting period
 and early
application is not permitted. Therefore the amendments in ASU 2014-09 will become effective for us as of the beginning of our 2018
fiscal year. The Company is currently assessing the impact of implementing the new guidance.


 FASB issued ASU No. 2014-12

That a Performance Target Could Be Achieved after the Requisite Service Period&#148;. 
all reporting entities that grant their employees share-based payments in which the terms of the award provide that a performance
target that affects vesting could be achieved after the requisite service period. The amendments require that a performance target
that affects vesting and that could be achieved after the requisite service period must be treated as a performance condition.
A reporting entity should apply existing guidance in Topic 718 as it relates to awards with performance conditions that affect
vesting to account for such awards. For all entities
 the amendments in this ASU are effective for annual periods and interim periods
within those annual periods beginning after December 15
 2015.&#160;&#160;Earlier adoption is permitted.&#160;&#160;The Company
is currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of ASU 2014-12 on the Company's financial statements.


 FASB issued ASU 2014-15

Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity&#146;s Ability
to Continue as a Going Concern
 there is no guidance in U.S. GAAP about management&#146;s responsibility
to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an entity&#146;s ability to continue as a going concern or to provide related
footnote disclosures. The amendments in this ASU provide that guidance. In doing so
 the amendments are intended to reduce diversity
in the timing and content of footnote disclosures. The amendments require management to assess an entity&#146;s ability to continue
as a going concern by incorporating and expanding upon certain principles that are currently in U.S. auditing standards. Specifically

 
including interim periods
 (3) provide principles for considering the mitigating effect of management&#146;s plans
 (4) require
certain disclosures when substantial doubt is alleviated as a result of consideration of management&#146;s plans
 (5) require
an express statement and other disclosures when substantial doubt is not alleviated
 and (6) require an assessment for a period
of one year after the date that the financial statements are issued (or available to be issued). The amendments in this ASU are
effective for public and nonpublic entities for annual periods ending after December 15
 2016. Early adoption is permitted. The
Company is currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of ASU 2014-15 on the Company&#146;s financial statements.


recently issued
 but not yet effective accounting standards
 if currently adopted
 would have a material effect on the accompanying
financial statements.





        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents
 (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk
 (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts)
 and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example
 at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including any antidilutive items that have been excluded from the computation and takes into account stock dividends
 splits and reverse splits that occur after the balance sheet date of the latest reporting period but before the issuance of the financial statements.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 bases of stating inventories (for example
 lower of cost or market)
 methods by which amounts are added and removed from inventory classes (for example
 FIFO
 LIFO
 or average cost)
 loss recognition on impairment of inventories
 and situations in which inventories are stated above cost. If inventory is carried at cost
 this disclosure includes the nature of the cost elements included in inventory.
              
 -Subparagraph i
 ii
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 quantification of the expected or actual impact.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 basis of assets
 depreciation and depletion methods used
 including composite deprecation
 estimated useful lives
 capitalization policy
 accounting treatment for costs incurred for repairs and maintenance
 capitalized interest and the method it is calculated
 disposals and impairments.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the policy for each material type of transaction is generally disclosed. If a sales transaction has multiple element arrangements (for example
 delivery of multiple products
 services or the rights to use assets) the disclosure may indicate the accounting policy for each unit of accounting as well as how units of accounting are determined and valued. The disclosure may encompass important judgment as to appropriateness of principles related to recognition of revenue. The disclosure also may indicate the entity's treatment of any unearned or deferred revenue that arises from the transaction.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and the methodologies and significant assumptions used to determine that measurement.
              
 -Subparagraph (b)
(f)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including whether the costs are included in cost of sales or included in other income statement accounts. If shipping and handling fees are significant and are not included in cost of sales
 disclosure includes both the amounts of such costs and the line item on the income statement which includes such costs.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 introducing a new product or service
 conducting business in a new territory
 conducting business with a new class of customer or beneficiary
 initiating a new process in an existing facility
 or commencing some new operation. Start-up activities include activities related to organizing a new entity (commonly referred to as organization costs).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        


        
$ 324
394
$ 159
144


        
327
622
139
741


        
(3
228)
19
403


        
        
        


Selling
 general and administrative
5
212
431
2
791
761


        
5
212
431
2
791
761


        
(5
215
659)
(2
772
358)


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
(1
658)


        
        
1
949


        
        
(3
607)


        
(5
215
122)
(2
775
965)


        
        
        


        
(5
215
122)
(2
775
965)


        
        
158
463


        
$ (5
215
122)
$ (2
934
428)


Net loss available to common stockholders
 basic and fully diluted (in Dollars per share)
        
        


        
15
361
524
10
485
770




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
(c)
(d)
(e)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 stock and payment-in-kind (PIK).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including affiliates of the reporting entity
 which are not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 income taxes
 extraordinary items
 and noncontrolling interest.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including any amortization and accretion (as applicable) of discounts and premiums
 earned from (1) loans and leases whether held-for-sale or held-in-portfolio; (2) investment securities; (3) federal funds sold; (4) securities purchased under agreements to resell; (5) investments in banker's acceptances
 commercial paper
 or certificates of deposit; (6) dividend income; or (7) other investments not otherwise specified herein.
              
 -Paragraph 1
 2 
 3
 4
 5
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding major activities considered part of the normal operations of the business).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 general and administrative expense.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 services rendered
 insurance premiums
 or other activities that constitute an earning process. Includes
 but is not limited to
 investment and interest income before deduction of interest expense when recognized as a component of revenue
 and sales and trading gain (loss).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        


the assets and liability method.&#160;&#160;Deferred tax assets are recognized for deductible temporary differences and operating
loss and tax credit carry forwards.&#160;&#160;Deferred tax liabilities are recognized for taxable temporary differences. Temporary
differences are the differences between the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and their tax bases.&#160;&#160;Deferred
tax assets are&#160;&#160;reduced by a&#160;&#160;valuation&#160;&#160;allowance&#160;&#160;when
&#160;&#160;in the opinion&#160;&#160;of&#160;&#160;management
&#160;&#160;it
is more&#160;&#160;likely&#160;&#160;than not&#160;&#160;that&#160;&#160;some portion or all of the deferred&#160;&#160;tax assets
will not be realized.


rate of 34% to the provision for income taxes recorded in the Statements of Operations is as follows:




    
    
Year ended December 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

State tax expense
 net of federal benefit
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



from the amount computed by applying the statutory income tax rates to the loss before income tax as follows:



    
    
Year ended December 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(877
136
    
    
    
(1
384
328
    

    
    
    
877
136
    
    
    
1
384
328
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    






    
    
As of December 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
877
136
    
    
    
1
384
328
    

    
    
    
(877
136
    
    
    
(1
384
328
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



for operating losses generated in prior periods based on uncertainties concerning the ability to generate taxable income in future
periods.&#160;&#160;At December 31
 2014
 the Company had available net operating loss carry-forwards of approximately $4
863
000
which expire in various years through the year ending December 31
 2034.&#160;&#160;Utilization of the tax loss carry-forwards
are not assured
 however
 because the Company has incurred significant operating losses.&#160; As a result
 the deferred income
tax asset arising from these net operating loss carry-forwards and from other temporary differences are not recorded in the accompanying
Balance Sheets.&#160;&#160;Due to the uncertainty of the Company&#146;s realization of this benefit
 a valuation allowance was
established to fully reserve such assets.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net change during the year in the total valuation allowance
 approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets
 utilization of a tax carryback
 and tax uncertainties information.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
NOTE 5 &#150; SERIES A CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED
STOCK


 2013
 the Company entered into
an amended and restated securities purchase agreement for the offer and sale of its Series A Convertible Preferred Stock
 par value
$0.001 (&#147;Series A Preferred Stock&#148;) at a price of $4.00 per share.&#160;&#160;In connection with the private sale of
its Series A Preferred Stock
 the Company raised gross proceeds of $790
834
 including $378
700 from the conversion of promissory
notes.&#160;&#160;Each share of Series A Preferred Stock was convertible into 10 shares of the Company&#146;s Common Stock determined
by dividing $4.00 by the conversion price of $0.40.


anti-dilutive provisions that meet the defined criteria of a derivative liability as described in ASC Topic 815

and Hedging
&#148; and therefore require bifurcation.&#160;&#160;These embedded derivatives include certain conversion features
indexed to the Company's Common Stock. The accounting treatment of derivative financial instruments requires that the Company record
the derivatives and related items at their fair values as of the date of issue and at fair value as of each subsequent balance
sheet date.&#160;&#160;&#160;Changes in the fair value are charged to income at the end of each reporting period.


 2013
 a
total of 197
708.5 shares of the Series A Preferred Stock had been converted into 1
977
085 shares of Common Stock. As of December
31
 2014 and 2013
 there were zero shares of Series A Preferred Stock issued and outstanding.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        


        
830
000
210
000


        
1
114
776
        


        
1
944
776
210
000




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        


    
    
    
    
    

    
830
000
    
210
000

    
1
114
776
    
    

    
1
944
776
    
210
000

    
    
    
    
    






        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






Disclosure of Compensation Related Costs
 Share-based Payments [Abstract]
        


Disclosure of Compensation Related Costs
 Share-based Payments [Text Block]
        


 the Company granted certain directors
and employees of the Company stock options to purchase 620
000 shares of Common Stock pursuant to the 2012 Plan. The exercise
price is $0.255 per share and the options become exercisable in four equal tranches in February 2015
 August 2015
 February 2016
and August 2016. They expire in August 2019.

 the Company granted certain directors
and employees of the Company stock options pursuant to purchase 210
000 shares of Common Stock at an exercise price of $2.07 per
share
 which was 115% of the last sale price of the Common Stock on the date of grant. The options were granted pursuant to the
2012 Plan and became exercisable in July 2014. They expire in July 2015.





    
    
    
Number
        of Shares
    
    
Weighted
                                         Average 
Exercise
        Price
Weighted
    Average Remaining Contractual Term (in years)

Outstanding
    January 1
 2013
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
210
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding
    December 31
 2013
    
    
210
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
620
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding
    December 31
 2014
    
    
620
000
    
    
    
    
    


 December 31

    
    


    
    
    
    
    




 2014 and
2013
 compensation expense of $79
464 and $50
717
 respectively
 was recorded.



 2014
 there was $130
963
of total unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested stock options. That cost is expected to be recognized during 2015
and 2016 in conjunction with the vesting period.



and exercisable at December 31
 2014 and 2013 was $0 and $90
300
 respectively.&#160;&#160;Aggregate intrinsic value represents
the difference between the Company's closing stock price on the last trading day of the fiscal period
 which was&#160;$0.20 and
$2.50 as of December 31
 2014 and 2013
 respectively
 and the exercise price multiplied by the number of options outstanding.&#160;


assumptions using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model used on the date of the grants issued for the years ended December 31
2014 and 2013:&#160;


    
    
December 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



to the market price during 2014 and 2013 are as follows:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    






        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may include disclosure of policies
 compensation plan details
 allocation of equity compensation
 incentive distributions
 equity-based arrangements to obtain goods and services
 deferred compensation arrangements
 employee stock ownership plan details and employee stock purchase plan details.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        



agreement for office space for a term of 12 months effective February 11
 2014.&#160;&#160;The base monthly office fee under that
agreement is $1
147.&#160;&#160;Prior to that
 the Company rented its office space on a month to month basis.



 2012
 the Company entered
into a license agreement (&#147;License Agreement&#148;) for the use of a third party&#146;s marks in the manufacture
 sale
promotion
 marketing
 advertising and distribution of certain fruit juice products in select containers. The License
Agreement grants the Company an exclusive license in Connecticut
 New Jersey and New York and a non-exclusive license for the
other states in the United States
 plus Costa Rica
 El Salvador
 Guatemala
 Honduras and Nicaragua. The term of the License
Agreement is for seven years from July 2013 (the date that the Company first invoiced customers for products sold under the
License Agreement)
 subject to the Company meeting certain minimum sales volume and/or minimum royalty payments. The Company
did not meet its minimum sales volume requirements during the six months ended December 31
 2014
 June 30
 2014 and December
31
 2013. Termination of the License Agreement could have a material and adverse impact on the Company&#146;s business.
&#160;During the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013
 the accrued royalty payment due to the third party was $507
223 and
$184
240
 respectively.&#160;&#160;Future minimum royalty payments (in thousands) are $1
265 for 2015
 $1
850 for 2016
$2
611 for 2017 and $11
617 for 2018 to 2020.&#160;




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        



000
000 shares
of preferred stock (&#147;Preferred Stock&#148;) and 190
000
000 shares of common stock (&#147;Common Stock&#148;)
 each having
a par value of $0.001.


 the Company approved the 2012
Long-Term Incentive Equity Plan (the &#147;2012 Plan&#148;)
 which provides the Company with the ability to issue stock options
stock appreciation rights
 restricted stock and/or stock based awards for up to an aggregate of 2
050
000 shares of Common Stock.

Stock
Splits

 2013
 the Company effected a one-for-ten
reverse stock split of the issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock (the &#147;Reverse Split&#148;).&#160;The number of
authorized shares and the par value of the Common Stock were not changed.&#160;&#160;The accompanying financial statements have
been restated to reflect this reverse stock split.



 the Company consummated two
concurrent private placement offerings (the &#147;2014 Offerings&#148;)
 receiving an aggregate of $1
819
832
 net of expenses
from accredited investors.&#160;&#160;In one of the offerings
 the Company sold an aggregate of 917
582 shares of Common Stock
for $0.91 per share for a total of $835
000.&#160;&#160;For each share purchased in this offering
 investors received an immediately
exercisable
 five year warrant to purchase one share of Common Stock at a price of $0.91 per share.&#160;&#160;In the concurrent
offering
 the Company sold 1
098
901 shares of Common Stock for $0.91 per share for a total of $1
000
000.&#160;&#160;The investor
in the concurrent offering did not receive warrants.&#160;


 2013
 the Company commenced a private
placement offering of up to 1
250
000 shares of its Common Stock (the &#147;Private Placement&#148;) at a price of $0.40 per
share pursuant to subscription agreements entered into with each investor.&#160;&#160;As of June 18
 2013
 the last date of the
offering
 1
171
705 shares of Common Stock were sold
 raising an aggregate of $468
682
 which amount included $20
000 of notes
then outstanding.



 the Company approved a
repurchase of 12
497 shares of Common Stock for $11
372.&#160;&#160;The shares were subsequently cancelled.




Common Stock to certain of its directors
 executive officers and employees. Unvested restricted shares are subject to forfeiture.
With the exception of 2
665
251 shares which vest based upon achieving certain milestones
 the Company records compensation expense
over the vesting period based upon the fair market value on the date of grant for each share
 adjusted for forfeitures.



 the Company issued 1
500
000
shares of Common Stock to an executive officer. The shares are subject to a restricted stock agreement
 and the vesting is conditional
upon the Company reaching certain performance goals. Should the executive officer&#146;s employment with the Company end
 any
unvested shares are forfeited.


 the Company issued 465
000 shares
of Common Stock under the 2012 Plan to certain of its directors
 executive officers and employees.&#160;The shares are subject
to a restricted stock agreement
 pursuant to which the shares will vest one year from the date of such agreement if the grantee
is a director or employee (as applicable) of the Company at the time.




to directors
 executive officers and employees is as follows:



    
    

        
        
    
    

        
        
    

Unvested share balance
 January 1
 2013
    
    
4
453
516
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
608
441
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(88
309
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(183
240)
    
    
    
    
    

Unvested share balance
 December 31
 2013
    
    
4
790
408
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
965
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(663
416
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Unvested share balance
 December 31
 2014
    
    
6
091
992
    
    
    
    
    




 the Company
recorded share-based compensation expense of $2
920
667 and $833
139 for the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013
 respectively.&#160;&#160;As
of December 31
 2014
 there was $4
366
682 of total unrecognized compensation cost
 net of estimated forfeitures
 related to unvested
share-based compensation.&#160;&#160;That cost is expected to be recognized during the years 2015 and 2016.



 the Company issued warrants
to purchase shares of Common Stock at a price of $0.91 per share.&#160;&#160;The warrants are exercisable for five years from the
date of issuance.


during the period:



    
    

        
        
    

Outstanding at January 1
 2014
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
197
194
    

    
    
    
&#160; 917
582
    

Outstanding at December 31
 2014
    
    
1
114
776
    

Exercisable at December 31
 2014
    
    
1
114
776
    



assumptions using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model used on the date of issuance for the warrants for the year ended December
31
 2014:&#160;




    
    
December 31
 2014
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    



for services rendered
 compensation expense of&#160;$246
479 and advisory fees of $18
460 were recorded during the year ended December
31
 2014.&#160;&#160;&#160;Since the warrants are fully vested
 there is no future cost to the Company in connection with the warrants.&#160;&#160;Warrants
issued to investors as part of the 2014 Placements had no impact
 and will have no future impact
 on the Company&#146;s statement
of operations.




 the Company entered into two
agreements pursuant to which the Company will receive advisory services related to strategy
 distributorship
 sales and sales channels
and investor relations.&#160;&#160;The Company granted to each advisor 100
000 shares of restricted Common Stock
 subject to forfeiture
if the advisor terminates or materially breaches the agreement before the six-month anniversary thereof.&#160;&#160;The aggregate
value of the advisory fees of $260
000 was calculated based upon the closing price of the Company&#146;s Common Stock on the date
of the agreement
 and was charged to income in 2014.


 the Company issued 82
418
and 1
234 shares of Common Stock for advisory work and consulting work
 respectively.&#160;&#160;The number of shares issued was
calculated based upon the fair market value of the stock.


 2013
the Company entered into an advisor agreement whereby the Company would receive strategic business advisory services
 distributorship
advisory services
 sales and sales channel advisory services and investor relation advisory services in exchange for the issuance
of 50
000 shares of restricted Common Stock.&#160;&#160;The Common Stock vested on April 3
 2014.&#160;&#160;In connection with
this issuance
 the Company recorded $75
000 in consulting fees during the year ended December 31
 2014.


 2013
 the Company entered
into an agreement for strategic business advisory services
 public relations services and investor relations services with
Mr. Ian Thompson.&#160;&#160;In connection with this agreement
 the Company issued 167
204 shares of restricted Common Stock
and recorded consulting fees of $501
612 during 2013
 which was the fair market value of the stock on the date of issue;
there was no cash payment to Mr. Thompson by the Company.&#160;&#160;The stock is fully vested; however it is restricted from
trading. The advisor was also issued an additional 200
000 shares of restricted Common Stock
 which was to vest quarterly
based upon the Company reaching certain market capitalization and revenue goals
 in addition to providing the above services
with the last tranche vesting scheduled to vest on June 30
 2014. Consulting fees amounting to $105
000 and $280
000 were
recorded in 2014 and 2013
 respectively
 related to the additional 200
000 shares of Common Stock issued. Throughout the term
of the agreement
 the Company requested the advisor to render performance under the agreement and to provide evidence of
same. The Company believes
 however
 that Mr. Thompson failed to perform in all material respects under the terms of the
agreement.&#160;&#160;On June 27
 2014
 the Company terminated the agreement.&#160;&#160;Accordingly
 the final tranche of
50
000 shares did not vest.&#160;&#160;Further
 the Company is taking all necessary steps for the cancellation of the other
shares totaling 317
204 shares
 due to lack of delivery of consideration and breach of the agreement.





        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including other comprehensive income. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances of common stock
 preferred stock
 additional paid-in capital
 other capital and retained earnings
 accumulated balance for each classification of other comprehensive income and amount of comprehensive income.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(d)
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        



Events
&#148; 
in the financial statements. The effects of all subsequent events that provide additional evidence of conditions that existed at
the balance sheet date are recognized in the financial statements as of December 31
 2014. In preparing these financial statements
the Company evaluated the events and transactions that occurred through the date these financial statements were issued.&#160;




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 purchase of a business
 settlement of litigation
 catastrophic loss
 significant foreign exchange rate changes
 loans to insiders or affiliates
 and transactions not in the ordinary course of business.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        
        

      










        
        
        


        
        
        


Operating Leases
 Rent Expense
 Minimum Rentals
$ 1
147
        


        
        
        


        
507
223
184
240


Royalty Payments
 Future Minimum Payments Due
 Next Twelve Months
1
265
        


Royalty Payments
 Future Minimum Payments Due in Two Years
1
850
        


Royalty Payments
 Future Minimum Payments Due in Three Years
2
611
        


Royalty Payments
 Future Minimum Payments Due After Four Years
$ 11
617
        




        
          

        
          
            

 personal
 or intellectual. Almost always
 there will be some consideration exchanged between the licensor and the licensee.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding contingent rentals and a guarantee by the lessee of the lessor's debt and the lessee's obligation to pay (apart from the rental payments) executory costs such as insurance
 maintenance
 and taxes.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


Restricted stock issuances to directors
 executive officers and employees
        

    
    

        
        
    
    

        
        
    

Unvested share balance
 January 1
 2013
    
    
4
453
516
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
608
441
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(88
309
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(183
240)
    
    
    
    
    

Unvested share balance
 December 31
 2013
    
    
4
790
408
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
965
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(663
416
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Unvested share balance
 December 31
 2014
    
    
6
091
992
    
    
    
    
    



        
        

    
    

        
        
    

Outstanding at January 1
 2014
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
197
194
    

    
    
    
&#160; 917
582
    

Outstanding at December 31
 2014
    
    
1
114
776
    

Exercisable at December 31
 2014
    
    
1
114
776
    



        
        

    
    
December 31
 2014
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    





        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including assumed discount rates
 rate increase in compensation increase
 and expected long-term rates of return on plan assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including par or stated value per share
 number and dollar amount of share subscriptions
 shares authorized
 shares issued
 shares outstanding
 number and dollar amount of shares held in an employee trust
 dividend per share
 total dividends
 share conversion features
 par value plus additional paid in capital
 the value of treasury stock and other information necessary to a fair presentation
 and EPS information.  Stock by class includes common
 convertible
 and preferred stocks which are not redeemable or redeemable solely at the option of the issuer. Includes preferred stock with redemption features that are solely within the control of the issuer and mandatorily redeemable stock if redemption is required to occur only upon liquidation or termination of the reporting entity. If more than one issue is outstanding
 state the title of each issue and the corresponding dollar amount; dollar amount of any shares subscribed but unissued and the deduction of subscriptions receivable there from; number of shares authorized
 issued
 and outstanding.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(d)
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28
29)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 whereas options are exchange instruments and are not issued by the company. Also
 the lifetime of a warrant is often measured in years
 while the lifetime of a typical option is measured in months. Disclose the title of issue of securities called for by warrants and rights outstanding
 the aggregate amount of securities called for by warrants and rights outstanding
 the date from which the warrants or rights are exercisable
 and the price at which the warrant or right is exercisable.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

Stock Options (Details) - Schedule of Share-based Compensation
 Stock Options
 Activity (USD $)

        

      










        
        
        


NOTE 7 - STOCK OPTIONS (Details) - Schedule of Share-based Compensation
 Stock Options
 Activity [Line Items]
        
        


Outstanding
 January 1
 2013
        
        


        
620
000
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


Outstanding at December 31
 2013
620
000
        


Outstanding at December 31
 2013
        
        


        
        
        


NOTE 7 - STOCK OPTIONS (Details) - Schedule of Share-based Compensation
 Stock Options
 Activity [Line Items]
        
        


        
        
210
000


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


Outstanding at December 31
 2013
        
        


        
        
        


NOTE 7 - STOCK OPTIONS (Details) - Schedule of Share-based Compensation
 Stock Options
 Activity [Line Items]
        
        


Outstanding at December 31
 2013
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including both vested and non-vested options.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        


        
$ (5
215
122)
$ (2
775
965)


        
        
        


        
4
042
1
442


        
7
946
400
5
071
700


        
2
920
667
833
139


        
37
000
100
692


        
551
070
964
162


        
        
1
949


        
        
        


        
(42
082)
(1
808)


        
(357
523)
(64
985)


        
120
523
(122
305)


        
(20
005)
(12
075)


        
3
504
        


        
473
714
100
592


        
(1
444
748)
(924
445)


        
        
        


        
(2
175)
(3
669)


        
(2
175)
(3
669)


        
        
        


        
(24
000)
74
000


        
(11
373)
        


        
        
412
134


Sale of common stock
 net
1
819
832
        


        
(1
784
459)
934
815


        
337
536
6
701


        
8
080
1
379


        
345
616
8
080


        
        
        


        
        
7
262


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
378
700


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
$ 37
000
$ 249
200




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 shares of stock
 unit
 stock options or other equity instruments) with employees
 directors and certain consultants qualifying for treatment as employees.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Includes effect from exchange rate changes.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
(c)
(d)
(e)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 federal
 state
 and local authorities as taxes on income.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 associated with underlying transactions that are classified as operating activities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 whichever is longer) of the amount owed by the reporting entity in the form of loans and obligations (generally evidenced by promissory notes) made by the following types of related parties: a parent company and its subsidiaries; subsidiaries of a common parent; an entity and trust for the benefit of employees
 such as pension and profit-sharing trusts that are managed by or under the trusteeship of the entity's management; an entity and its principal owners
 management
 or member of their immediate families; affiliates; or other parties with the ability to exert significant influence.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property
 plant
 and equipment and other productive assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale; includes cash outflows to pay for construction of self-constructed assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 equity-based employee remuneration. This may include the value of stock or unit options
 amortization of restricted stock or units
 and adjustment for officers' compensation. As noncash
 this element is an add back when calculating net cash generated by operating activities using the indirect method.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        



 2014
 inventory consisted
of finished goods of $308
708 and raw materials of $136
620. As of December 31
 2013
 the inventory balance of $87
805 consisted
of raw materials.





        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 the basis of stating inventory
 the method of determining inventory cost
 the major classes of inventory
 and the nature of the cost elements included in inventory. If inventory is stated above cost
 accrued net losses on firm purchase commitments for inventory and losses resulting from valuing inventory at the lower-of-cost-or-market may also be included. For LIFO inventory
 may disclose the amount and basis for determining the excess of replacement or current cost over stated LIFO value and the effects of a LIFO quantities liquidation that impacts net income.
              
 -Subparagraph a
 b
 c
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

Stock Options (Details) - Schedule of Share-based Payment Award
 Stock Options
 Valuation Assumptions

        

      










Schedule of Share-based Payment Award
 Stock Options
 Valuation Assumptions [Abstract]
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if any
 over the period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      

 Stock Options

      
      

 Stock Options



      
      
      

 Stock Options

      
      

 Stock Options



      
      
      

 Stock Options

      
      

 Stock Options



      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      




      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      



    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    



  
  













    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        
        

      














Preferred Stock
 Shares Authorized
10
000
000
10
000
000
        


Common Stock
 Shares Authorized
190
000
000
190
000
000
        


Preferred Stock
 Par or Stated Value Per Share (in Dollars per share)
        
        
        


Common Stock
 Par or Stated Value Per Share (in Dollars per share)
        
        
        


Stockholders' Equity
 Reverse Stock Split
        
        
        


        
$ 1
819
832
        
        


        
2
920
667
833
139
        


Stock Issued During Period
 Shares
 Issued for Services
200
000
        
        


Stock Issued During Period
 Value
 Issued for Services (in Dollars)
551
070
964
162
        


        
2
665
251
        
        


        
105
000
000
280
000
000
        


        
        
        
        


        
246
479
000
        
        


        
18
460
000
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
260
000
000
        
        


Stock Issued During Period
 Shares
 Issued for Services
82
418
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
1
500
000
        
        


        
2
920
667
000
883
139
000
        


Share-based compensation
 unrecognized
4
366
682
000
        
        


        
        
200
000
000
        


        
        
        
        


Stock Issued During Period
 Shares
 New Issues
        
2
050
000
        


        
        
        
        


Stock Issued During Period
 Shares
 New Issues
        
1
171
705
        


Consideration received
 net of expenses
1
819
832
000
        
        


        
917
582
1
250
000
        


Sale of Stock
 Price Per Share (in Dollars per share)
        
        
        


        
835
000
000
468
681
000
        


Debt Conversion
 Original Debt
 Amount (in Dollars)
        
20
000
000
        


        
        
        
        


        
1
098
901
        
        


Sale of Stock
 Price Per Share (in Dollars per share)
        
        
        


        
1
000
000
000
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
12
497
        
        


Repurchase of Common Stock
 value
11
372
000
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
465
000
        
        


        
        
        
        


Stock Issued During Period
 Shares
 Issued for Services
1
234
167
204
        


Stock Issued During Period
 Value
 Issued for Services (in Dollars)
        
501
612
000
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
$ 75
000
000
        


Stock Issued During Period
 Shares
 Issued for Services
        
50
000
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
317
204




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 shares.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 shares of stock
 unit
 stock options or other equity instruments) with employees
 directors and certain consultants qualifying for treatment as employees.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.9-04.13(a)
(d))
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 outsourced management
 technical and staff support.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 shares issued for services contributed by vendors and founders.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 services contributed by vendors and founders.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

rate of 34% to the provision for income taxes recorded in the Statements of Operations is as follows:




    
    
Year ended December 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

State tax expense
 net of federal benefit
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



from the amount computed by applying the statutory income tax rates to the loss before income tax as follows:



    
    
Year ended December 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(877
136
    
    
    
(1
384
328
    

    
    
    
877
136
    
    
    
1
384
328
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    





        
        




    
    
As of December 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
877
136
    
    
    
1
384
328
    

    
    
    
(877
136
    
    
    
(1
384
328
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    







        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities
 the total of all deferred tax assets
 the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    













