

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000024545-16-000054
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		151
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20151231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20160211
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20160211
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MOLSON COORS BREWING CO
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000024545
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MALT BEVERAGES [2082]
		IRS NUMBER:				840178360
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-14829
		FILM NUMBER:		161411627
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1801 CALIFORNIA STREET
 SUITE 4600
		CITY:			DENVER
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80202
		BUSINESS PHONE:		303-927-2523
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1801 CALIFORNIA STREET
 SUITE 4600
		CITY:			DENVER
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80202
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	COORS ADOLPH CO
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703












		


Washington
For the fiscal year ended December 31
1801 California Street
 Suite 4600
 Denver
1555 Notre Dame Street East
 Montr&#233;al
 Qu&#233;bec
(Registrant's telephone number
Class&#160;A Common Stock
Class&#160;B Common Stock
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1)&#160;has filed all reports required to be filed by Section&#160;13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12&#160;months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site
 if any
Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item&#160;405 of Regulation&#160;S-K (&#167;229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein
 and will not be contained
 to the best of registrant's knowledge
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
June&#160;30
 2015
$10
443
430
&#32;based upon the last sales price reported for such date on the New York Stock Exchange and the Toronto Stock Exchange. For purposes of this disclosure
June&#160;30
 2015
The number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant's classes of common stock
February&#160;5
Class&#160;A Common Stock&#8212;2
562
Class&#160;B Common Stock&#8212;193
203
February&#160;5
 2016
 the following number of exchangeable shares was outstanding for Molson Coors Canada
Class&#160;A Exchangeable Shares&#8212;2
888
Class&#160;B Exchangeable Shares&#8212;15
781
The Class A exchangeable shares and Class B exchangeable shares are shares of the share capital in Molson Coors Canada Inc.
 a wholly-owned subsidiary of the registrant. They are publicly traded on the Toronto Stock Exchange under the symbols TPX.A and TPX.B
 respectively.&#160;These shares are intended to provide substantially the same economic and voting rights as the corresponding class of Molson Coors common stock in which they may be exchanged.&#160;In addition to the registered Class A common stock and the Class B common stock
 the registrant has also issued and outstanding one share each of a Special Class A voting stock and Special Class B voting stock. The Special Class A voting stock and the Special Class B voting stock provide the mechanism for holders of Class A exchangeable shares and Class B exchangeable shares to be provided instructions to vote with the holders of the Class A common stock and the Class B common stock
 respectively.&#160;The holders of the Special Class A voting stock and Special Class B voting stock are entitled to one vote for each outstanding Class A exchangeable share and Class B exchangeable share
 respectively
 excluding shares held by the registrant or its subsidiaries
 and generally vote together with the Class A common stock and Class B common stock
 respectively
 on all matters on which the Class A common stock and Class B common stock are entitled to vote.&#160;The Special Class A voting stock and Special Class B voting stock are subject to a voting trust arrangement. The trustee which holds the Special Class A voting stock and the Special Class B voting stock is required to cast a number of votes equal to the number of then-outstanding Class A exchangeable shares and Class B exchangeable shares
 respectively
 but will only cast a number of votes equal to the number of Class A exchangeable shares and Class B exchangeable shares as to which it has received voting instructions from the owners of record of those Class A exchangeable shares and Class B exchangeable shares
 other than the registrant or its subsidiaries
 respectively
 on the record date
&#32;annual meeting of stockholders
December&#160;31
 2015
Market for Registrant's Common Equity
Directors
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
Exhibits
This Annual Report on Form&#160;10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section&#160;27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section&#160;21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act). From time to time
Statements that refer to projections of our future financial performance
 our anticipated growth and trends in our businesses
 and other characterizations of future events or circumstances are forward-looking statements
 and include
 but are not limited to
 statements in Part&#160;II&#8212;Item&#160;7 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in this report
 therein
 relating to timing
&#32;brand portfolio outside of the U.S. and Puerto Rico
 overall volume trends
 consumer preferences
 pricing trends
 industry forces
 cost reduction strategies
 anticipated results
 anticipated synergies
 expectations for funding future capital expenditures and operations
 debt service capabilities
 shipment levels and profitability
 market share and the sufficiency of capital resources. In addition
Forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to be materially different from those indicated (both favorably and unfavorably). These risks and uncertainties include
 but are not limited to those described in Part&#160;I&#8212;Item&#160;1A Risk Factors
 elsewhere throughout this report
 and those described from time to time in our past and future reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). Caution should be taken not to place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date when made and we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement
 whether as a result of new information
The market and industry data used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are based on independent industry publications
 customers
 trade or business organizations
 reports by market research firms and other published statistical information from third parties
 as well as information based on management&#8217;s good faith estimates
 which we derive from our review of internal information and independent sources.&#160;Although we believe these sources to be reliable
Unless otherwise noted in this report
 any description of we
 us or our includes Molson Coors Brewing Company (MCBC or the Company)
 principally a holding company
 and its operating and non-operating subsidiaries included within our reporting segments and Corporate. Our reporting segments include: Molson Coors Canada (MCC or Canada segment)
 operating in Canada; MillerCoors&#160;LLC (MillerCoors or U.S. segment)
 which is accounted for by us under the equity method of accounting
 operating in the United States (U.S.); Molson Coors Europe (Europe segment)
 operating in Bosnia-Herzegovina
 Bulgaria
 Croatia
 Czech Republic
 Hungary
 Montenegro
 Republic of Ireland
 Romania
 Serbia
 Slovakia and the United Kingdom (U.K.); and Molson Coors International (MCI)
Unless otherwise indicated
We are one of the world's largest brewers and have a diverse portfolio of owned and partner brands
Carling

 
 as well as craft and specialty beers such as 
Creemore Springs
. With centuries of brewing heritage
 we have been crafting high-quality
Molson and Coors were founded in 1786 and 1873
 respectively. Our commitment to producing the highest quality beers is a key part of our heritage and remains so to this day. Our brands are designed to appeal to a wide range of consumer tastes
 styles and price preferences. Our largest markets are the U.S.
Coors was incorporated in June 1913 under the laws of the state of Colorado. In October 2003
 Coors merged with and into Adolph Coors Company
 a Delaware corporation. In February 2005
 upon completion of the Merger
The brewing industry has significantly evolved over the years
 becoming an increasingly global beer market. The industry was previously founded on local presence with modest international expansion achieved through export
 license and partnership arrangements. More recently
 it has become increasingly complex
 as the consolidation of brewers has occurred globally
 resulting in fewer major global market participants. In addition to the acquisitive element of this industry consolidation
 the market continues to utilize export
 license and partnership arrangements; however
 these are often with the same global competitors that make up the majority of the market. This industry consolidation has resulted in a small number of large global brewers representing the majority of the worldwide beer market. At the same time
 smaller local brewers within certain established markets are experiencing accelerated growth as consumers increasingly place value on&#160;locally-produced
 regionally-sourced products.&#160;As the beer industry continues its evolution of consolidation and diversification of its products to meet consumer demand with broadening preferences
 large global brewers are uniquely positioned to leverage the scale
During 2015
 Anheuser-Busch InBev SA/NV&#8217;s (&#8220;ABI&#8221;) announced it had entered into a definitive agreement to acquire SABMiller plc (&#8220;SABMiller&#8221;). The resulting transaction (&#8220;ABI/SABMiller transaction&#8221;) is expected to be finalized in the second half of 2016 subject to ABI and SABMiller shareholder approval and various global regulatory approvals. Concurrently
 on November 11
 2015
 we entered into a purchase agreement (the &#8220;Purchase Agreement&#8221;) with ABI to acquire
 contingent upon the closing of the acquisition of SABMiller by ABI pursuant to the ABI/SABMiller transaction
 all of SABMiller&#8217;s 58% economic interest and 50% voting interest in MillerCoors and all trademarks
&#32;brand portfolio outside of the U.S. and Puerto Rico for $12.0 billion in cash
 subject to downward adjustment as described in the Purchase Agreement (the &#8220;Acquisition&#8221;). Following the closing of the pending Acquisition
We evaluate ourselves in relation to other global brewers using various metrics
 including overall market capitalization
 volume
 net sales revenue
 gross margins and net profits
 as well as our position within each of our core markets
 with the goal to be the first choice for our consumers and customers. To provide a perspective of the relative size of the major participants in the global brewing market
 the market capitalizations of our primary global competitors
December&#160;31
 2015
We have a diverse portfolio of owned and partner brands which are positioned to meet a wide range of consumer segments and occasions in a variety of markets
Carling
 Coors Light
 Molson Canadian
. We consider these our core global brands for which we continue to invest in and focus on growing globally. We believe our portfolio encompasses all segments of the beer industry with the purpose of delighting the world's beer drinkers
 including premium and premium lights
 economy
 above premium and craft
&#32;Belgian Moon
 Carling
 Carling Black Label
 Coors Altitude
 Coors Banquet
 Creemore Springs
&#32;brands
Keystone
 Mad Jack
 Molson Canadian&#160;67
 Molson Canadian Cider
 Molson Dry
Molson Export
 Pilsner
family of brands and a number of other regional brands. Under license from Heineken
Amstel Light
 Heineken
Murphy's
cider. In January 2015
 we also began selling premium import brands owned by Heineken
Desperados
 Dos Equis
 Moretti
. During the fourth quarter of 2014
 we entered into an agreement with Miller Brewing Company (Miller)
 a wholly owned subsidiary of SABMiller
 for the accelerated termination of the Miller license agreement
 effective March 2015
 under which we had exclusive rights to distribute certain Miller brands in Canada. See Part&#160;II&#8212;Item&#160;8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
Note 11
&#32;for Asahi Breweries
&#32;for North American Breweries
MillerCoors sells a wide variety of brands throughout the U.S. and Puerto Rico. In the formation of the MillerCoors joint venture
 MCBC and SABMiller each assigned the U.S. and Puerto Rico ownership rights to its respective legacy brands to MillerCoors
Coors Banquet
 Coors Peak
 Hamm&#8217;s
 Keystone Light
 Icehouse
 Mickey&#8217;s
 Miller 64
 Miller Fortune
 Miller Genuine Draft
 Miller High Life
 Milwaukee&#8217;s Best
&#32;brands
&#32;brands and
 imported under license
Grolsch
brands
Apatinsko
 Astika
&#160;Bergenbier
 Blue Moon
 Borsodi
 Branik
 Coors Light
 Jelen
 Kamenitza
 Niksicko
 Noroc
 Ostravar
&#160;Ozujsko
&#32;Worthington's
&#32;as well as a number of smaller regional ale brands in the U.K.
Beck's
brands
Hoegaarden
 Leffe
 Lowenbrau
 L&#246;wenweisse
&#32;in certain Central European countries. Starting in January 2015
&#32;brands throughout the Central European countries in which we operate. In 2015
&#32;brand in the U.K.
&#32;brand in the U.K. by the end of 2015. In the U.K.
&#32;brands through a joint venture with Royal Grolsch&#160;N.V.
. Additionally
 in order to be able to provide a full line of beer and other beverages to our U.K. on-premise customers
 we sell factored brands
 which are third-party beverage brands for which we provide distribution to retail
 typically on a non-exclusive basis.
. Other brands sold in our international markets
 including brands sold under export and license agreements
Blue Moon
 Cobra
 Corona 
Coors
 Coors 1873
Coors Extra
 Coors Gold
 Iceberg 9000
 King Cobra
 Royal Brew
 Thunderbolt 
 we operated the following segments: Canada
 the U.S.
 Europe and MCI. A separate operating team manages each segment and each segment manufactures
 markets
See Part&#160;II&#8212;Item&#160;8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
Note 3
&#32;of the Notes for information relating to our segments and operations
 including financial and geographic information. For certain risks attendant to our operations
. We brew
 market
 sell and distribute a wide variety of beer brands nationally. Our portfolio has leading brands in all major product and price segments. Our focus and investment is on Canada core brands
 primarily 
 as well as other key owned brands
Coors Banquet
 Creemore Springs
 Granville Island
 Molson Dry
 Molson Export
and strategic distribution partnerships
 including those with Heineken. In 
&#32;had an approximate 12% market share and was the second largest selling beer brand in Canada
The Canada segment also includes our partnership arrangements related to the distribution of beer in Ontario
 Brewers' Retail&#160;Inc. (BRI)
 and in the Western provinces
 Brewers' Distributor&#160;Ltd. (BDL). BRI and BDL are accounted for under the equity method of accounting. The majority of ownership in BRI resides with MCC
In Canada
 provincial governments regulate the beer industry
 particularly with regard to the pricing
 mark-up
 container management
 sale
 distribution and advertising of beer. Distribution and the retail sale of alcohol products involve a wide range and varied degree of Canadian government control through their respective provincial liquor boards. In 
 approximately 19% of our Canada segment beer volume was sold on-premise in bars and restaurants
 and the other 81% was sold off-premise in convenience stores
 grocery stores
In Ontario
 beer is primarily purchased at retail outlets operated by BRI
 at government-regulated retail outlets operated by the Liquor Control Board of Ontario
 at approved agents of the Liquor Control Board of Ontario
 or at any bar
 restaurant
 or tavern licensed by the Liquor Control Board of Ontario to sell alcohol for on-premise consumption. The BRI retail outlets operate under The Beer Store name. Brewers may deliver directly to BRI's outlets or may choose to use BRI's distribution centers to access retail stores in Ontario
We
 together with certain other brewers
 have historically participated in the ownership of BRI in proportion to provincial market share relative to other brewers in the ownership group. Effective January 1
 2016
 we
 along with the other owners of BRI and the Province of Ontario
 agreed to revise the ownership structure of BRI. The new BRI shareholder agreement (&#8220;New Shareholder Agreement&#8221;) adjusted the existing BRI ownership structure to allow all other small and large Ontario based brewers the ability to participate in the ownership of BRI. As part of this change
 the board of directors of BRI has been expanded to include representation for these new ownership groups
 as well as independent director representation. The new owners are subject to the same fee structure as the current owners
 with the exception of smaller brewers
fees
 as they are not required to fund certain costs associated with pension obligations. BRI will continue to operate on a break-even basis under the new ownership structure. BRI also converted all existing capital stock into a new share class
 as well as created a separate new share class to facilitate new and existing brewer participation and governance. While governance and board of director participation continues to have the ability to fluctuate based on market share relative to the other owners
In Qu&#233;bec
 the distribution and sale of beer is governed by the Quebec Alcohol Corporation (SAQ). Beer is distributed to retail outlets directly by each brewer or through approved independent agents. We are the agent for the licensed brands we distribute. The brewer or agent distributes the products to permit holders for retail sales for on-premise consumption. Qu&#233;bec retail sales for off-premise consumption are made through grocery and convenience stores
In British Columbia
 the government's Liquor Distribution Branch controls the regulatory elements of distribution of all alcohol products in the province. BDL
 which we co-own with ABI
 manages the distribution of our products throughout British Columbia. Consumers can purchase beer at any Liquor Distribution Branch retail outlet
In Alberta
 the distribution of beer is managed by independent private warehousing and shipping companies or by a government sponsored system in the case of U.S. sourced products. All sales of liquor in Alberta are made through retail outlets licensed by the Alberta Gaming and Liquor Commission or licensees
 such as bars
Our products are distributed in the provinces of Manitoba and Saskatchewan through local liquor boards. Manitoba and Saskatchewan also have licensed private retailers. BDL manages the distribution of our products in Manitoba and Saskatchewan. In the Maritime Provinces (other than Newfoundland)
 local liquor boards distribute and sell our products. In Yukon
 Northwest Territories and Nunavut
Manufacturing
We source barley malt from one primary provider
 from which we have a committed supply through 2016. Hops are purchased from a variety of global suppliers in the U.S. and Europe through contracts that vary in length based on market conditions and cover our supply requirements through at least 2018. Other starch brewing adjuncts are sourced from two main suppliers
We operate seven breweries
 strategically located throughout Canada. These locations brew and package all owned and certain licensed brands sold in
 and exported from
 Canada. See Item&#160;2
We single source glass bottles and have a committed supply through December 2019. We source lids and cans from two primary providers with contracts ending December 2016 and February 2017
bottle requires significant investment behind our returnable bottle inventory and bottling equipment. Therefore
 the trend away from returnable bottles could result in higher fixed cost deleverage related to these assets and an ultimate decreased need for the assets that support this packaging
 which could adversely impact profitability. A limited number of kegs are purchased every year
 and we have no long-term supply commitment. Crowns are currently sourced from two suppliers with contracts through February 2016 and December 2018
 respectively. We are currently finalizing negotiations for a contract extension through February 2017 related to the contract expiring in February 2016. Labels
 corrugate
We have an agreement with North American Breweries
 Inc. (NAB) to brew
&#32;brands to the U.S. market through 2020. We also have an agreement with Asahi Breweries
Total industry volume in Canada is sensitive to factors such as weather
 changes in demographics
 consumer preferences and drinking occasions. Weather conditions consisting of high temperatures and extended periods of warm weather favor increased consumption of our products
 while unseasonably cool or wet weather
 especially during the summer months
 adversely affects our sales volumes and net sales. Accordingly
 consumption of beer in Canada is seasonal
The Canadian brewing industry is a mature market. It is characterized by aggressive competition for volume and market share from regional brewers
 microbrewers and certain foreign brewers
 as well as our main domestic competitor. These competitive pressures require significant annual investment in marketing and selling activities. In 
There are three major beer price segments: above premium
 which includes craft and most imports; premium
 which includes the majority of domestic brands and the light sub-segment; and value (below premium). Since 2001
Recently
 the beer industry has been weak
 with declines in three of the last five years. Aging population
The following table summarizes the estimated percentage market share by volume of beer (including adjacencies
 such as cider) and other alcohol beverages as a component of the overall Canadian alcohol market over the last five years
&#32;data
 when available
Our brands compete with competitor beer brands and other alcohol beverages
 including wine and spirits
The Canada brewing industry is composed principally of two major brewers
 MCBC and ABI. The following table summarizes the estimated percentage share of the Canadian beer market represented by MCBC
The decrease in MCBC share in 2015 is largely driven by the loss of the Miller contract
 under which we had exclusive rights to distribute certain Miller brands in Canada and was terminated effective March 2015. The decrease in MCBC share and increase in ABI share from 2013 to 2014 is primarily the result of ABI's acquisition of Grupo Modelo S.A.B. de C.V. (Modelo) in 2013. Subsequent to the termination of Modelo Molson Imports
 L.P. (MMI)
 our joint venture with Modelo in Canada
 in the first quarter of 2014
In Canada
 provincial governments regulate the production
 marketing
 distribution
 selling and pricing of beer (including the establishment of minimum prices)
 and impose commodity taxes and license fees in relation to the production
 distribution and sale of beer. In addition
 the federal government regulates the advertising
 labeling
 quality control
 and international trade of beer
 and also imposes commodity taxes on both domestically produced and imported beer. In 
&#32;per hectoliter sold on a reported basis. Further
 certain bilateral and multilateral treaties entered into by the federal government
 provincial governments and certain foreign governments
 especially with the United States
In April 2014
 the Ontario Premier's Advisory Council on Government Assets (the Council) began a review that included evaluating the beer retailing and distribution system in Ontario
 for which BRI is the primary beer retail and distribution channel. In April 2015
 as a result of this review and our negotiations with the Council
 we
 along with the other owners of BRI
 agreed
 in principle and subject to entry into definitive binding documents
 to enter into a new beer framework agreement (the New Framework) with the Province of Ontario. The associated Master Framework Agreement was subsequently executed by all parties on September 22
 2015
 and became effective as of January 1
Refer to Part&#160;I&#8212;Item&#160;1A
MillerCoors is the second largest brewer by volume in the U.S.
&#32;U.S. brewing industry shipments (excluding exports). MillerCoors was formed on July&#160;1
 2008
 as a joint venture between MCBC and SABMiller. Each party contributed its U.S. and Puerto Rico businesses and related operating assets and certain liabilities. The percentage interests in the profits of MillerCoors are 58% for SABMiller and 42% for MCBC. Voting interests are shared 50% - 50%
 and MCBC and SABMiller have equal board representation within MillerCoors. Both parties to the MillerCoors joint venture are currently able to transfer their economic and voting interest
 however
As noted above
 during 2015
 MCBC entered into a Purchase Agreement with ABI to acquire
 contingent upon the closing of the acquisition of SABMiller by ABI pursuant to the ABI/SABMiller transaction
 all of SABMiller&#8217;s 58% economic interest and 50% voting interest in MillerCoors and all trademarks
&#32;brand portfolio outside of the U.S. and Puerto Rico for $12.0 billion in cash
 subject to downward adjustment as described in the Purchase Agreement. Following the closing of the pending Acquisition
Prior to the formation of MillerCoors
 MCBC produced
 marketed
 and sold the MCBC portfolio of brands in the U.S. and its territories
 and its U.S. operating segment included the results of the Rocky Mountain Metal Container (RMMC) and Rocky Mountain Bottle Company (RMBC) joint ventures. Effective July&#160;1
 2008
In the United States
 beer is generally distributed through a three-tier system consisting of manufacturers
 distributors and retailers. A national network of approximately 425 independent distributors purchases MillerCoors' products and distributes 
 approximately 17% of MillerCoors' beer volume was sold on-premise in bars and restaurants
 and the other 83% was sold off-premise in convenience stores
 grocery stores
 liquor stores and other retail outlets. MillerCoors wholly owns one distributorship
Manufacturing
MillerCoors uses the highest quality ingredients to brew its products. MillerCoors malts a portion of its production requirements
 using barley purchased under yearly contracts from independent farmers located in the western United States. Other barley
 malt
 and cereal grains are purchased from suppliers primarily in the U.S. Hops are purchased from suppliers in the U.S.
 New Zealand and certain European countries. MillerCoors leases water rights
 including leasing from MCBC for water usage in Colorado
MillerCoors currently operates ten breweries
 two container operations and one cidery
 which produce MillerCoors' products. In the third quarter of 2015
 MillerCoors announced the planned closure of the Eden
 North Carolina brewery with the closure expected to occur in the third quarter of 2016. MillerCoors imports 

. A portion of the aluminum containers were purchased from RMMC
 a joint venture between MillerCoors and Ball Corporation (Ball)
 whose production facilities are located near MillerCoors' brewery in Golden
 Colorado. In addition to the supply agreement with RMMC
 MillerCoors has a supply agreement with Ball to purchase cans and ends in excess of what is supplied through RMMC. In 2011
 MillerCoors signed a 10-year contract extension with Ball to extend the RMMC joint venture agreement along with the can and end purchase agreements
 both of which will expire December 31
&#32;were packaged in glass bottles
 of which a portion was provided by RMBC
 a joint venture between MillerCoors and Owens-Brockway Glass Container
&#160;Inc. (Owens). In 2015
 MillerCoors signed a 10-year contract extension with Owens to extend the RMBC joint venture agreement which expires July 31
 2025. MillerCoors and Owens entered into a supply agreement effective January 1
 2015
&#32;was packaged in half
 quarter
 and one-sixth barrel stainless steel kegs. A limited number of kegs are purchased each year
&#32;were in plastic bottles. Crowns
 labels
 corrugate and paperboard are purchased from a small number of sources unique to each product. In recent years
 we have experienced a slight shift in the allocation among different packaging types toward aluminum cans and bottles and away from glass bottles. In general
MillerCoors has an agreement to brew
 package and ship products for Pabst Brewing Company through June 2020. Additionally
Total industry volume in the U.S. is sensitive to factors such as weather
 changes in demographics
 consumer preferences and drinking occasions. Weather conditions consisting of high temperatures and extended periods of warm weather favor increased consumption of our products
 while unseasonably cool or wet weather
 especially during the summer months
 adversely affects our sales volumes and net sales. Accordingly
 consumption of beer in the U.S. is seasonal
The beer industry in the United States is highly competitive
 and the two largest brewers
. The formation of MillerCoors in 2008 created a stronger U.S. presence for MCBC with the scale
 operational efficiency and distribution platform to compete more effectively in the U.S. marketplace. Growing or even maintaining market share has required significant investments in marketing. From 1998 to 2008
industry shipments annual growth rate approximated 1%
 compared with declines ranging from 1% to 2% in each of the years 2009
 2010 and 2011. With ideal weather conditions
 industry volumes improved slightly in 2012
 growing approximately 1%. However
 in 2013 the industry saw a decline of less than 1%
 and in 2014
 the industry grew slightly
 by less than 1%. In 2015
The overall declines in the U.S. beer industry volumes since 2009 have been partially attributed to relatively poor economic conditions. High rates of unemployment
 declining labor participation rates
 and lower consumer confidence have negatively affected the legal age key beer drinkers' purchasing behaviors. In addition
 per capita beer consumption has declined as consumer preference shifts to higher alcohol
 full calorie beers
 as well as wine
The following table summarizes the estimated percentage market share by volume of beer (including adjacencies
 such as cider) and other alcohol beverages as a component of the overall U.S. alcohol market over the last five years
&#32;data
 when available
The MillerCoors portfolio of beers competes with numerous above-premium
 premium
 and economy brands. These competing brands are produced by international
 national
 regional and local brewers. MillerCoors competes most directly with ABI brands
 but also competes with imported and craft beer brands. The following table summarizes the estimated percentage share of the U.S. beer market represented by MillerCoors
MillerCoors' products also compete with other alcohol beverages
 including wine and spirits
 and thus their competitive position is affected by consumer preferences between and among these other categories. Driven by increased spirits advertising along with increased wine and spirits sales execution
 sales of wine and spirits have grown faster than sales of beer in recent years
The U.S. beer business is regulated by federal
 state
 and local governments. These regulations govern many parts of MillerCoors' operations
 including brewing
 marketing and advertising
 transportation
 distributor relationships
 sales
 and environmental issues. To operate their facilities
 MillerCoors must obtain and maintain numerous permits
 licenses and approvals from various governmental agencies
 including the U.S. Treasury Department; Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau; the U.S. Department of Agriculture; the U.S. Food and Drug Administration; state alcohol regulatory agencies; and state and federal environmental agencies.
&#32;per hectoliter sold on a reported basis. State excise taxes are levied in specific states at varying rates. Refer to Part&#160;I&#8212;Item&#160;1A
We are the second largest brewer by volume
 on a combined basis
 within the European countries in which we operate
. The majority of our European segment sales are in the U.K.
 Croatia
 Czech Republic and Romania. Our portfolio includes beers that have the largest share in their respective countries
&#32;in the U.K.
in Serbia
in Croatia
&#32;in Montenegro. We have beers that rank in the top three in market share in their respective segments throughout the region
in Czech Republic
Beck's
 Lowenbrau
&#32;under license agreements with ABI companies
 and beginning in January 2015
brands throughout the Central European countries in which we operate. Additionally
brands in the U.K. and Republic of Ireland and factored brand sales (beverage brands owned by other companies
 but sold and delivered to retail by us). In the third quarter of 2015
&#32;cider brand distribution rights in the U.K. and Ireland and also sold our U.K. malting facility. In the second quarter of 2015
&#32;brand in the U.K. As a result
In Europe
 beer is generally distributed through either a two-tier system consisting of manufacturers and retailers
 or a three-tier system consisting of manufacturers
 distributors and retailers. Most of our beer in the U.K. is sold directly to retailers. We have an agreement with Tradeteam Ltd. (Tradeteam
 a subsidiary of DHL) to provide the distribution of our products throughout the U.K. through 2023. It is also common in the U.K. for brewers to distribute beer
 wine
 spirits
 and other products owned and produced by other companies
 which we refer to as factored brands
&#32;represented factored brands. Factored brand sales are included in our net sales and cost of goods sold
Generally
 over the years
 volumes in Europe have shifted from the higher margin on-premise channel
 where products are consumed in pubs and restaurants
 to the lower margin off-premise channel
In Europe
 the off-premise channel includes sales to supermarkets
 convenience stores
 liquor stores
 distributors
. The off-premise channel has become increasingly concentrated among a small number of super-store chains
. The installation and maintenance of draught beer dispensing equipment in the on-premise channel is generally the responsibility of the brewer. Accordingly
 we own refrigeration units and other equipment used to dispense beer from kegs to consumers that are used in on-premise outlets. This includes beer lines
 cooling equipment
 taps
Similar to other brewers
 we utilize loans in securing supply relationships with customers in the on-premise market in the U.K. These loans can be granted at below-market rates of interest
 with the outlet purchasing beer at lower-than-average discount levels to compensate. We reclassify a portion of sales revenue to interest income to reflect the economic substance of these loans. See Part&#160;II&#8212;Item&#160;8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
Note 1
Manufacturing
We use the highest quality water
 barley
 malt and hops to brew our products. During 
 our malt requirements were sourced from both third party suppliers and owned production
 using our malt-house in the U.K. In 2015
 we entered into an agreement to sell our malting facility in the U.K. and
 concurrent with the sale
 entered into a 10-year contract with the purchaser of the facility to replace the malt that we previously produced covering 38% of our total required malt. We also have multiple agreements with various suppliers in the region to cover the remaining requirements
 most of which are valid for the next 3-5 years. Hops are purchased under various contracts with suppliers in Germany
 the U.S. and the U.K.
 which cover our requirements through 2016. Adjuncts are purchased under various contracts with local producers
We operate twelve breweries in Europe
 which brew and package brands sold in Europe. As part of the continued strategic review of our European supply chain network
 in the first quarter of 2015 we closed our brewing facility in Alton
 Hampshire
 U.K. and in the fourth quarter of 2015 we closed our brewery in Plovdiv
 Bulgaria. Additionally
 in the fourth quarter of 2015
 we announced the proposal and entered into a consultation process to close our Burton South brewery in the U.K. in which we will consolidate production within our recently modernized Burton North brewery. This closure is expected to be completed in 2017. See Item 2
&#32;were packaged in bottles
&#32;consisted of products packaged in recyclable plastic containers for which we are currently negotiating agreements for our 2016 requirements with various manufacturers in the region. Crowns
In December 2013
 we entered into an agreement with Heineken to early terminate our contract brewing and kegging agreement with the transition period ending April 30
 2015
&#32;brands in the U.K. Our existing agreement with Heineken
 whereby they sell
&#32;in Republic of Ireland
In Europe
 the beer industry is subject to seasonal sales fluctuations primarily influenced by holidays
 weather and by certain major televised sporting events. Weather conditions consisting of high temperatures and extended periods of warm weather favor increased consumption of our products
 while unseasonably cool or wet weather
 especially during the summer months
 adversely affects our sales volumes and net sales. Accordingly
 the peak selling seasons typically occur during the summer and during the Christmas and New Year holiday season. 
 driven by increased beer consumption versus last year primarily during the summer season which had especially favorable weather. Since 2010
 the off-premise market share has increased in our European markets from 55% to nearly 60% of total volume
The following table summarizes the estimated percentage market share by volume of beer (including adjacencies
 such as cider) and other alcohol beverages as a component of the overall European alcohol market
 within the countries in which we have production facilities
 over the last five years
&#32;data
 when available
Our beers compete not only with similar products from competitors
 but also with other alcohol beverages
 including wines
 spirits
In European countries where we operate
 our primary competitors are Heineken
 SABMiller
Each country that is part of our Europe segment is either a member of the European Union (EU) or a current candidate to join
 with the exception of Bosnia
 which is a potential candidate
 and
 as such
 there are similarities in the regulations that apply to many parts of our Europe segment's operations and products
 including brewing
 food safety
 labeling and packaging
 marketing and advertising
 environmental
 health and safety
 employment and data protection regulations. To operate breweries and conduct our business in Europe
Each country's government levies excise taxes on all alcohol beverages. With the exception of Serbia
 Montenegro and Bosnia
 all countries' laws on excise taxes are consistent with the directives of the EU. With the exception of Serbia
 where a flat excise per hectoliter is used
 all European countries use similar measurements based on either alcohol by volume or Plato degrees. In 
&#32;per hectoliter on a reported basis. Refer to Part&#160;I&#8212;Item&#160;1A
The objective of MCI is to grow and expand our business and brand portfolio in new and existing markets
 including emerging markets
 outside the Canada
 U.S. and Europe segments. The focus of MCI includes Latin America (including Mexico
 Central America
 the Caribbean and South America and excluding Puerto Rico
 as it is part of the U.S. segment) Asia
 Europe (excluding U.K.
 Ireland and Central Europe
 as they are a part of the Europe segment) and Australia. The MCI portfolio of beers competes within the above-premium category in most of our markets. Our principal competitors include large global brewers
 as well as local brewers. As MCI's objective is to grow and expand our business
 we are developing scale and building market share in the countries where we operate. Many of the markets in which we operate are considered emerging beer markets
 with other brewers controlling the majority of the market share. Our beers compete not only with similar products from competitors
 but also with other alcohol beverages
 including wines
 spirits
 and ciders
Our standalone operations are in the Asia region and are based in India
Our business in India consists of our joint venture which gives us a majority share and operational control of Molson Coors Cobra India as well as Mount Shivalik Breweries Ltd.
 which we acquired during the second quarter of 2015. Our consolidated India business produces
 markets and sells a beer portfolio consisting of 
 
 
Cobra
&#32;in select Indian states. We own and operate three breweries in India
 where we use the highest quality ingredients to brew our products
Blue Moon
 Coors Light
family of brands. During the second quarter of 2015
Our export business focuses on expanding the reach of our international brands which are exported from our breweries in the U.S.
Blue Moon
 Carling
 Cobra
 Coors 1873
In Latin America
 our products
 primarily 
 
 are sold through agreements with independent distributors. We also sell our brands
 primarily 
&#32;primarily in Spain
 Russia and Ukraine. Finally
&#32;in Chile
Corporate includes interest and certain other general and administrative costs that are not allocated to any of the operating segments. The majority of these corporate costs relate to worldwide administrative functions
 such as corporate affairs
 legal
 human resources
 finance and accounting
 treasury
 tax
 internal audit
 management of intellectual property
 insurance and risk management. Additionally
We own trademarks on the majority of the brands we produce and have licenses for the remainder. We also hold several patent and design registrations with expiration dates through 2038 relating to beer dispensing systems
 packaging and certain other innovations. We are not reliant on patent royalties for our financial success. Therefore
Corporate responsibility
 or 
 is integral to our business strategy. We are committed to growing our business the right way while improving the impact we have on our communities
 our people and the environment. Since 2012 we have been listed on the Dow Jones Sustainability World Index
 and were named Beverage Sector Leader in 2012 and 2013. We have retained a position on the World Index since 2012
In 2012
 Molson Coors built on long-standing efforts to reduce harmful drinking by becoming a signatory of the Beer
 Wine and Spirits Producers&#8217; Commitments to Reduce Harmful Drinking (www.producerscommitments.org). In support of the Commitments we have a robust plan to ensure support across the business
within our brewing operations is outlined in our 2020 Sustainability Strategy found on our website at www.molsoncoors.com. Launched in 2013
 our 2020 Sustainability Strategy integrates how we manage energy
 greenhouse gas emissions
 water and solid waste and sets out how we intend to meet our 2020 ambitions. The cornerstone of our 2020 Sustainability Strategy is a commitment to invest in waste water treatment and generate clean energy from this waste stream. These investments will alleviate the impact of our operations on municipal water treatment resources
Our operations are subject to a variety of extensive and changing federal
 state and local environmental laws
 regulations and ordinances that govern activities or operations that may have adverse effects on human health or the environment. Such laws
 regulations or ordinances may impose liability for the cost of remediation
 and for certain damages resulting from sites of past releases of hazardous materials. Our policy is to comply with all such legal requirements. While we cannot predict our eventual aggregate cost for the environmental and related matters in which we may be or are currently involved
 we believe that any payments
 if required
one year to our operating results
 cash flows
 or our financial or competitive position. We believe adequate reserves have been provided for losses that are probable and estimable. However
 there can be no assurance that environmental laws will not become more stringent in the future or that we will not incur material costs in the future in order to comply with such laws. See Part&#160;II&#8212;Item&#160;8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
Note 18
 Commitments and Contingencies
 we had approximately 9
100 full-time employees within MCBC globally
 including 6
000 within our Europe segment
 2
400 within our Canada segment
 500 within our MCI segment
 and 200 within our Corporate headquarters in Colorado. Additionally
December&#160;31
 2015
 MillerCoors had approximately 8
400 full-time employees. There have been no significant changes in our number of employees since December 31
See Part&#160;II&#8212;Item&#160;8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
Note 3
&#32;of the Notes for discussion of sales
 operating income and identifiable assets attributable to our country of domicile
 the United States
We file with
 or furnish to
 the SEC reports
 including our annual report on Form 10-K
 quarterly reports on Form 10-Q
 current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. These reports are available free of charge on our corporate website (www.molsoncoors.com) as soon as reasonably practicable after they are electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC. Copies of any materials we file with the SEC can be obtained at www.sec.gov or at the SEC's public reference room at 100 F Street
 N.E.
 Washington
February&#160;11
Vice Chairman of the Board
President
President and Chief Executive Officer
President and Chief Executive Officer
President and Chief Executive Officer
The reader should carefully consider the following risk factors and the other information contained within this document. The risks set forth below are those that management believes are most likely to have a material adverse effect on us. We may also be subject to other risks or uncertainties not presently known to us. If any of the following risks or uncertainties actually occurs
 it may have a material adverse effect on our business
&#32;brand portfolio outside of the U.S. and Puerto Rico is contingent upon a number of conditions beyond our control
 including the closing of the ABI-SABMiller Transaction. The closing of the ABI-SABMiller Transaction is subject to conditions beyond our control
 including
 among other things
certain other jurisdictions. We are
 therefore
 unable to accurately predict when or if the pending Acquisition will close. If we are unable to close the Acquisition for any reason
 we will not realize the potential benefits of the Acquisition
The success of the pending Acquisition will depend
 in part
 on our ability to realize anticipated cost synergies. Our success in realizing these cost synergies
 and the timing of this realization
 depends on the successful integration of our business and operations with the acquired business and operations. Even if we are able to integrate the acquired businesses and operations successfully
Following the pending Acquisition
 we will be subject to substantially all the liabilities of MillerCoors
 including
 among others
 significant pension liabilities. We will also be subject to the risks of the U.S. beer market to a much greater extent
 and a significant majority of our overall business will be in mature
 low growth beer markets
 such as the U.S.
 Canada and the U.K. The pending Acquisition and subsequent integration process will be complex
 costly
 time-consuming and divert management&#8217;s time and attention
 which could have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition
We may be unable to obtain the regulatory approvals required to complete the pending Acquisition or
 in order to do so
In addition to the international and U.S. regulatory approvals needed to close the ABI-SABMiller Transaction
 the consummation of the pending Acquisition is also subject to review and approval by regulatory authorities
 including by the United States Department of Justice. We can provide no assurance that all required regulatory approvals will be obtained in order to consummate the pending Acquisition. We have agreed to take all actions necessary
 and assist and cooperate in doing all things necessary
 to avoid or eliminate any legal impediments to the pending Acquisition
 including divesting of up to $4 billion in assets. There can be no assurance as to the cost
 scope or impact on our business
 results of operations
 financial condition or prospects of the actions that may be required to obtain regulatory approvals. Any such divestitures or other actions could have a material adverse effect on the business of both us and MillerCoors and substantially diminish the synergies and other advantages which we expect from the pending Acquisition. In addition
We will need to raise significant capital to fund the pending Acquisition and such capital may not be available to us on acceptable terms. We expect to incur a substantial amount of additional indebtedness in connection with the pending Acquisition in addition to our Class B common stock offering completed in February 2016. If we are unable to raise significant additional capital on acceptable terms we may need to rely on our bridge loan agreement
 which may result in substantially higher borrowing costs and a shorter maturity than those from other anticipated financing alternatives. In addition
As a result of the need to raise significant financing to fund the pending Acquisition
 we currently intend to hold per share dividends constant and have suspended both our dividend target of 18% to 22% of trailing annualized EBITDA and our share repurchase program. We also intend to use cash from operations to fund the Acquisition and service and reduce our debt level
Future indebtedness may subject us to additional financial and operating covenants
 which may limit our flexibility in responding to our business needs. If we are not able to maintain compliance with stated financial covenants or if we breach other covenants in any debt agreement
Our overall leverage and terms of our financing could
limit our ability to obtain additional financing in the future for working capital
require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow to make interest and principal payments on our debt
 thereby limiting the availability of our cash flow to fund future acquisitions
 working capital
 business activities
limit our ability to obtain additional financing for working capital
 to fund growth or for general corporate purposes
 even when necessary to maintain adequate liquidity
&#32;brand portfolio outside of the U.S. and Puerto Rico may subject us to unknown expenses and liabilities due to our limited due diligence of the business
 including among other things
&#32;brand portfolio outside of the U.S. and Puerto Rico will depend
 in part
 on our ability to realize all or some of the anticipated synergies and other benefits from integrating its business with our existing businesses and operations. The integration process may be complex
&#32;brand portfolio assets are in over 50 foreign countries. The difficulties of integrating the operations include
unanticipated issues in integrating manufacturing
 logistics
 information
possible inconsistencies in standards
 controls
 contracts
unanticipated issues
reliance on a competitor
 ABI
We may not be able to maintain the levels of revenue
&#32;brand portfolio for the four quarters prior to closing is below $70 million
 such adjustment may not be adequate to protect us from the future harm of acquiring an underperforming or declining brand portfolio. In addition
&#32;brand portfolio smoothly
 successfully or within the anticipated costs or timeframe. Moreover
&#32;brand portfolio or the markets in which it operates deteriorate
 the potential cost savings
&#32;brand portfolio outside the U.S. and Puerto Rico may not be realized fully
 or at all
 or may take longer to realize than expected. In such case
 our business
 financial condition
If we are unable to consummate the pending Acquisition
If the pending Acquisition is not completed for any reason
common stock or Class B common stock may decline to the extent that the market price of our Class A common stock or Class B common stock reflects positive market assumptions that the pending Acquisition will be completed and the related benefits will be realized. In addition
 if the Acquisition is not completed our financial condition could materially suffer
subject to certain reimbursement rights under the Purchase Agreement
 the incurrence of significant costs related to the Acquisition without the associated benefits of completing the Acquisition
 such as legal
 accounting
 filing
 financial advisory
 bridge and term loan financing and integration costs that have already been incurred or will continue up to the closing of the Acquisition. The amount of such operating expenses
if we complete a financing of debt securities prior to closing the pending Acquisition
We expect to incur a significant amount of non-recurring expenses in connection with the pending Acquisition
 including legal
 accounting
 financial advisory and other expenses. Subject to certain reimbursement rights under the Purchase Agreement
&#32;brand portfolio. We cannot be certain that the elimination of duplicative costs or the realization of other efficiencies related to the integration of the businesses will offset the transaction and integration costs in the near term
We have a significant amount
 and following the pending Acquisition will have an additional amount
The global beer industry is constantly evolving
 and our position within the global beer industry and our markets in which we operate may fundamentally change. If we do not successfully transform along with the evolving industry and market dynamics
The brewing industry has significantly evolved over the years becoming an increasingly global beer market. For many years
 the industry operated primarily on local presence with modest international expansion achieved through export
 license and partnership arrangements
 whereas it has now become increasingly complex as the consolidation of brewers has occurred globally resulting in fewer major global market participants. At the same time
 smaller local brewers within certain geographies are seeing accelerated growth as consumers increasingly place value on&#160;locally-produced
 regionally-sourced products.&#160;As a result of the increased global consolidation of brewers and the dynamic of an expanding new segment within the industry with new market entrants
 the markets in which we operate
 particularly the more mature markets
 may evolve at a disadvantage to our current market position and local governments may intervene
 which may fundamentally accelerate transformational changes to such markets. For example
 U.S. and Canada beer markets have long consisted of a select number of significant market participants with government-regulated routes to market.&#160;However
 recent evolution in these markets and emerging changes to consumer preferences have introduced a significant expansion of market entrants and resulted in increased consumer choice and market competition
 as well as increased government scrutiny.&#160;Specifically
 in Canada changes to the existing historical framework of regulations
 distribution models
 and packaging requirements
 such as government-owned retail outlets and industry standard returnable bottles may be disadvantageous to us.&#160;Currently
 in Ontario and other provinces
 provincial governments are reviewing this historical foundation as a result of this market evolution and increased demand by some for government intervention to enhance competition and choice.&#160;As further described below
 in addition to these risks related to growing competition and market evolution
 the existing Ontario distribution models may be changed in ways that are unfavorable to us and the industry standard returnable bottle agreement may change in ways that adversely impact our operating model across Canada. If we are unsuccessful in evolving with
 and navigating through
 the changes to the markets in which we operate
Competition in our markets could require us to reduce prices or increase capital and other expenditures or cause us to lose sales volume
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;In most of our markets
 our primary competitors have substantially greater financial
 marketing
 production and distribution resources than we do
 and are more diverse in terms of their geographies and brand portfolios. In all of the markets in which we operate
 aggressive marketing strategies
 such as reduced pricing
 brand positioning
 and increased capital investments by these competitors could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. In addition
 continuing consolidation among major global brewers may lead to stronger or new competitors
 loss of partner brands
 negative impacts on our distributor networks and predatory marketing and pricing tactics by competitors. Further
 distributor consolidation could reduce our ability to promote our brands in the market in a manner that enhances rather than diminishes their value
 as well as reducing our ability to manage our pricing effectively. These factors could result in lower margins or loss of market share
 due to increased pressures for reduced pricing or difficulties in increasing prices while remaining competitive within our markets
 as well as the need for increased capital investment
 marketing and other expenditures. Moreover
 several of our major markets are mature
 so growth opportunities may be more limited to us than to our competitors. The above risk
 if realized
Our success as an enterprise depends largely on the success of relatively few products in several mature markets specific to the beer industry; if consumer preferences shift away from our products or consumption of our products decline
&#32;brands in Canada
&#32;brands in the U.S.
Carling
 Staropramen
 Jelen
. Additionally
 several of our brands represent a significant share of their respective market
 therefore volatility in these markets could disproportionately impact the performance of these brands. Consequently
 any material shift in consumer preferences away from these brands
 or from the categories in which they compete
 could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. Consumer preferences and tastes may shift away from our brands or beer generally due to
 among others
 changing taste preferences
 demographics
 downturn in economic conditions or perceived value
 as well as changes in consumers' perception of our brands due to negative publicity
 regulatory actions or litigation. Additionally
 in some of our major markets
 specifically Canada and the U.S.
 there has been a recent shift in consumer preferences within the total beer market away from premium brands to craft beer produced by small
 regional microbreweries
 as well as a shift within the total alcohol beverage market from beer to wine and spirits. Moreover
 several of our major markets are mature and we have significant share
 therefore small movements in consumer preference can disproportionately impact our results. As a result
Continued weak
 or further weakening of
&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;Beer consumption in many of our markets is closely tied to general economic conditions and a significant portion of our portfolio consists of premium and above premium brands. Difficult macroeconomic conditions in our markets
 such as decreases in per capita income and level of disposable income driven by increases to inflation
 income taxes
 the cost of living
 unemployment levels
 political or economic instability or other country specific factors could have an adverse effect on the demand for our products. For example
 we have continued to experience economic pressures in certain European markets through 2015
 resulting in an increased consumer trend toward value brands within the impacted markets. This trend
 along with other contributing factors
 negatively impacted sales
 as well as impairments of certain European brands
Jelen
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;In connection with various business combinations
 we have historically allocated material amounts of the related purchase prices to goodwill and other intangible assets that are considered to have indefinite useful lives. These assets are tested for impairment at least annually
 using estimates and assumptions affected by factors such as economic and industry conditions and changes in operating performance. Additionally
 in conjunction with the brand impairment tests
 we also reassess each brand's indefinite-life classification. Potential resulting charges from an impairment of goodwill or brand intangible
 as well as reclassification of an indefinite-lived to a definite-lived brand intangible
 could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. For example
 the results of our interim brand impairment review completed in the third quarter of 2015
 indicated that the fair value of certain European indefinite-lived brand intangible assets were below their respective carrying values. As a result
&#32;recorded within special items in our consolidated statements of operations during the third quarter of 2015. Additionally
 during this review
Our most recent impairment analysis
October&#160;1
 2015
 the first day of our fiscal fourth quarter
 indicated that while our Canada reporting unit improved from the prior year
 our Europe reporting unit declined and was determined to be at risk of failing step one of the goodwill impairment test. Specifically
&#32;in excess of their carrying values
 respectively. Additionally
 the fair value of the Molson core brands in Canada
October&#160;1
. The Europe reporting unit
&#32;core brands in Canada
 are therefore at risk of a future impairment in the event of significant unfavorable changes in the forecasted cash flows (including prolonged
 or further weakening of
 adverse economic conditions or significant unfavorable changes in tax
 environmental or other regulations
 including interpretations thereof)
 terminal growth rates
 market transaction multiples and/or weighted-average cost of capital utilized in the discounted cash flow analysis. Although the fair value in excess the of carrying value has increased for the Canada reporting unit from the October 1
 2014 testing date
 the fair value is sensitive to potential unfavorable changes in forecasted cash flows
 macroeconomic conditions
&#32;or other brands
 or reclassification of indefinite-lived brands to definite-lived
 may result in material charges that could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. Additionally
 the testing of our goodwill for impairment is predicated upon our determination of our reporting units. Any change to the conclusion of our reporting units or the aggregation of components within our reporting units could result in a different outcome to our annual impairment test. See Part&#160;II&#8212;Item&#160;7 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
 Critical Accounting Estimates and Part&#160;II&#8212;Item&#160;8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
Note 11
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;We manufacture and/or distribute products of other beverage companies through various joint venture
 licensing
 distribution
 contract brewing or other similar arrangements. The loss of one or more of these arrangements
 as a result of industry consolidation or otherwise
 could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. For example
brands in the U.K. Additionally
 Canada volumes were also adversely impacted by the termination of our license agreement with Miller Brewing Company (&#8220;Miller&#8221;) in 2015. Further
 subsequent to ABI's acquisition of Grupo Modelo in 2013
 we entered into an agreement to accelerate the termination of our MMI joint venture that imported
 distributed and marketed the Modelo beer brand portfolio across all Canadian provinces and territories
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;We purchase certain types of packaging materials including aluminum cans and bottles
&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;We have entered into several joint ventures
 including our MillerCoors joint venture in the United States and Puerto Rico with SABMiller. We may enter into additional joint ventures in the future. Our joint venture partners may at any time have economic
 business or legal interests or goals that are inconsistent with our goals or with the goals of the joint venture. In addition
 we compete against our joint venture partners in certain of our other markets. Disagreements with our business partners may impede our ability to maximize the benefits of our partnerships. Our joint venture arrangements may require us
 among other matters
 to pay certain costs or to make certain capital investments or to seek our joint venture partner's consent to take certain actions. In addition
 our joint venture partners may be unable or unwilling to meet their economic or other obligations under the operative documents
 and we may be required to either fulfill those obligations alone to ensure the ongoing success of a joint venture or to dissolve and liquidate a joint venture. For example
 we terminated our MMI joint venture that imported
 distributed and marketed the Modelo beer brand portfolio across all Canadian provinces and territories
 which
 since termination in the first quarter of 2014
 has had an adverse effect on our Canadian volumes and financial results. The above risk
 if realized
brand portfolio outside the U.S. and Puerto Rico. In certain of these markets
 we have limited operating experience and may not succeed. In addition to risks described elsewhere in this section
 our operations in these markets expose us to additional risks
 including: changes in local political
 economic
 social and labor conditions; restrictions on foreign ownership and investments; repatriation of cash earned in countries outside the U.S.; import and export requirements; increased costs to ensure compliance with complex foreign laws and regulations; currency exchange rate fluctuations; a less developed and less certain legal and regulatory environment
 which among other things can create uncertainty with regard to liability issues; longer payment cycles
 increased credit risk and higher levels of payment fraud; and other challenges caused by distance
 language
In addition
 as a global company
 we are subject to foreign and U.S. laws and regulations designed to combat governmental corruption
 including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the U.K. Bribery Act. Violations of these laws and regulations could result in fines and penalties
 criminal sanctions against us
 our officers
 or our employees
 prohibitions on the conduct of our business and on our ability to offer our products and services in one or more countries and a materially negative effect on our brands and our operating results. Although we have implemented policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance with these foreign and U.S. laws and regulations
 including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the U.K. Bribery Act
 there can be no assurance that our employees
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;In our U.S. market
 there is a three-tier distribution system that has historically applied to the distribution of products sold through MillerCoors (including our non-U.S. products). That system
 consisting of required separation of manufacturers
 distributors and retailers
 is increasingly subject to legal challenges on the basis that it allegedly interferes with interstate commerce. To the extent that such challenges are successful and require changes to the three-tier system
 such changes could have a materially adverse effect on MillerCoors and
 consequently
 on us. Further
 in Canada
 our products are required to be distributed through each province's respective provincial liquor board. Additionally
 in certain provinces
 we rely on our joint venture arrangements
 such as BRI and BDL
 to distribute our products via retail outlets that are mandated and regulated by provincial government regulators. BRI owns and operates commercial retail outlets
 known as The Beer Store
 in Ontario
 and BDL facilitates the distribution of our products in the Western provinces. Recent review of government assets in Ontario has included an evaluation of the BRI distribution model which was finalized in second half of 2015. We continue to evaluate and are beginning to implement actions to mitigate any adverse impacts to our Canada segment that may result from these changes. See additional risks specific to BRI under the Risks Specific to the Canada Segment heading below. If provincial regulation should change
Changes in tax
 environmental or other regulations or failure to comply with existing licensing
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Our business is highly regulated by federal
 state
 provincial and local laws and regulations in various jurisdictions regarding such matters as licensing requirements
 trade and pricing practices
 labeling
 advertising
 promotion and marketing practices
 relationships with distributors
 environmental matters
 smoking bans at on-premise locations and other matters. These laws and regulations are subject to frequent re-evaluation
 varying interpretations and political debate and inquiries from government regulators charged with their enforcement. Examples of this are the recent changes in the Canadian tax legislation and regulatory assessments received in Europe in the first quarter of 2015 and fourth quarter of 2014 related to the interpretation of the application of tax on the production and sale of our products. Failure to comply with existing laws and regulations or changes in these laws
 regulations
 or interpretations thereof
 or in tax
 environmental
 excise tax levels imposed or any other laws or regulations could result in the loss
 revocation or suspension of our licenses
 permits or approvals and could have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition and results of operations. Additionally
 uncertainties exist with respect to adding new tax laws
 the interpretation of
 and potential future developments in
 complex domestic and international tax laws and regulations and the amount and timing of future taxable income.&#160;Given the wide range of international business relationships and the long-term nature and complexity of existing contractual agreements
 differences arising between the actual results and assumptions made
 or future changes to such assumptions
 could necessitate future adjustments to tax income and expense already recorded. Finally
 advocates of prohibition and other severe restrictions on the marketing and sales of alcohol are becoming increasingly organized and coordinated on a global basis
 seeking to impose laws or regulations or to bring actions against us
 to curtail substantially the consumption of alcohol
 including beer
 in developed and developing markets. To the extent such views gain traction in regulations of jurisdictions in which we do or plan to do business
 they could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. For example
 during the fourth quarter of 2015
 in Bihar
 India
 the largest state in India in which MCI operates
 it was announced that regulatory changes could impact the sale and distribution of alcohol
Our consolidated financial statements are subject to fluctuations in foreign exchange rates
 most significantly the Canadian dollar and the European operating currencies such as
 but not limited to
 Euro
 British Pound
 Czech Koruna
 Croatian Kuna
 Serbian Dinar
 New Romanian Leu
We hold assets and incur liabilities
 earn revenues and pay expenses in different currencies
 most significantly in Canada and throughout Europe. Because our financial statements are presented in U.S. Dollars (USD)
 we must translate our assets
 liabilities
 income and expenses into USD. Increases and decreases in the value of the USD will affect
 perhaps adversely
 the value of these items in our financial statements
 even if their local currency value has not changed. Additionally
 we are exposed to currency transaction risks related to transactions denominated in currencies other than one of the functional currencies of our operating entities
 such as the purchase of certain raw material inputs or capital expenditures
 as well as sales transactions and debt issuances or other incurred obligations. Further
 certain actions by the government of any of the jurisdictions in which we operate could adversely affect our results and financial position. To the extent that we fail to adequately manage these risks through our risk management policies intended to protect our exposure to currency movements
 which may affect our operations
 including if our hedging arrangements do not effectively or completely hedge changes in foreign currency rates
 our results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. Additionally
 the recent strengthening of the USD against the Canadian dollar
 European currencies and various other global currencies
 if continued
Our operations face significant exposure to changes in commodity prices
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;We use a large volume of agricultural and other raw materials
 some of which are purchased through supply contracts with third parties
 to produce our products
 including barley
 malted barley
 hops
 corn
 other various starches
 water and packaging materials
 including aluminum cans and bottles
 glass and polyethylene terephthalate (&#8220;PET&#8221;) containers
 as well as
 cardboard and other paper products. We also use a significant amount of diesel fuel
 natural gas and electricity in our operations. The supply and price of these raw materials and commodities can be affected by a number of factors beyond our control
 including market demand
 alternative sources for suppliers
 global geopolitical events (especially as to their impact on crude oil prices and the resulting impact on diesel fuel prices)
 frosts
 droughts and other weather conditions
 economic factors affecting growth decisions
 inflation
 plant diseases and theft. To the extent any of the foregoing factors affect the prices of ingredients or packaging or our hedging arrangements do not effectively or completely hedge changes in commodity price risks and we are not able to pass these increased costs along to customers
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;There is concern that a gradual increase in global average temperatures could cause significant changes in global weather patterns and an increase in the frequency and severity of natural disasters. While warmer weather has historically been associated with increased sales of beer
 changing weather patterns could result in decreased agricultural productivity in certain regions which may limit availability or increase the cost of key agricultural commodities
 such as hops
 barley and other cereal grains
 which are important ingredients for our products. Increased frequency or duration of extreme weather conditions could also impair production capabilities
 disrupt our supply chain or impact demand for our products. In addition
 public expectations for reductions in greenhouse gas emissions could result in increased energy
 transportation and raw material costs and may require us to make additional investments in facilities and equipment. Clean water is a limited resource in many parts of the world and climate change may increase water scarcity and cause a deterioration of water quality in areas where we maintain brewing operations. The competition for water among domestic
 agricultural and manufacturing users is increasing in some of our brewing communities. Even where water is widely available
 water purification and waste treatment infrastructure limitations could increase costs or constrain our operations. The above risks
 if realized
Loss or closure of a major brewery or other key facility
 due to unforeseen or catastrophic events or otherwise
Our business and financial results could be materially adversely impacted by physical risks such as earthquakes
 hurricanes
 floods
 other natural disasters or catastrophic events that damage or destroy one of our breweries or key facilities or the key facilities of our significant suppliers. Additionally
 certain catastrophes are not covered by our general insurance policies
 which could result in significant unrecoverable losses. In addition
 our business and results of operations could be adversely impacted by under-investment in physical assets or production capacity
 including contract brewing and effect on priority of our brands if production capacity is limited. Further
 significant excess capacity at any of our breweries as a result of increased efficiencies in our supply chain process or continued volume declines
 could result in under-utilization of our assets
 which could lead to excess overhead expenses or additional costs incurred associated with the closure of one or more of our facilities. For example
 as part of a strategic review of our supply chain network
Failure to successfully identify
We have made a number of acquisitions and entered into several joint ventures. In order to compete in the consolidating global brewing industry
 we anticipate that we may
 from time to time
 in the future acquire additional businesses or enter into additional joint ventures that we believe would provide a strategic fit with our business such as the pending Acquisition. See above Risks Specific to the Pending Acquisition for further details. Potential risks associated with acquisitions and joint ventures could include
 among other things: our ability to identify attractive acquisitions and joint ventures; our ability to offer potential acquisition targets and joint venture partners' competitive transaction terms; our ability to raise capital on reasonable terms to finance attractive acquisitions and joint ventures; our ability to realize the benefits or cost savings that we expect to realize as a result of the acquisition or joint venture; diversion of management's attention; our ability to successfully integrate our businesses with the business of the acquired company; motivating
 recruiting and retaining key employees; conforming standards
 controls
 procedures and policies
 business cultures and compensation structures among our company and the acquired company; consolidating and streamlining sales
 marketing and corporate operations; potential exposure to unknown liabilities of acquired companies; loss of key employees and customers of the acquired business; and managing tax costs or inefficiencies associated with integrating our operations following completion of an acquisition or entry into a joint venture. If an acquisition or joint venture is not successfully completed or integrated into our existing operations
Poor investment performance of pension plan holdings and other factors impacting pension plan costs could unfavorably affect our business
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Our costs of providing defined benefit pension plans are dependent upon a number of factors
 such as the rates of return on the plans' assets
 discount rates
 the level of interest rates used to measure the required minimum funding levels of the plans
 exchange rate fluctuations
 future government regulation
 global equity prices
 and our required and/or voluntary contributions to the plans. While we comply with the minimum funding requirements
 we have certain qualified pension plans with obligations which exceed the value of the plans' assets. These funding requirements may also require contributions even when there is no reported deficit. Without sustained growth in the pension investments over time to increase the value of the plans' assets
 and depending upon the other factors as listed above
 we could be required to fund the plans with significant amounts of cash. Such cash funding obligations (or the timing of such contributions) could have a material adverse effect on our cash flows
 credit rating and cost of borrowing
 financial position and/or results of operations. For example
 following the completion of the triennial review of the U.K. pension plan with the plan's trustees in 2014
&#32;contribution to our U.K. pension plan in January 2015
Under the terms of each of our debt facilities
 we must comply with certain restrictions. These include restrictions on priority indebtedness (certain threshold percentages of secured consolidated net tangible assets)
 leverage thresholds
 liens
 and restrictions on certain types of sale lease-back transactions and transfers of assets. Failure to comply with these restrictions or maintain our credit rating may result in issues with our current financing structure and potential future financing requirements. A deterioration in our credit rating could also affect our ability to obtain future financing or refinance our current debt
 as well as increase our borrowing rates
We depend on key personnel
The loss of the services and expertise of any key employee could harm our business. Our future success depends on our ability to identify
 attract and retain qualified personnel on a timely basis. Turnover of senior management can adversely impact our stock price
 our results of operations and our client relationships and may make recruiting for future management positions more difficult. In addition
 we must successfully integrate any new management personnel that we hire within our organization
 or who join our organization as a result of an acquisition
 in order to achieve our operating objectives
Due to a high concentration of workers represented by unions or trade councils in Canada
 Europe
 and at MillerCoors in the U.S.
 we could be significantly affected by labor strikes
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Approximately 59%
 31% and 36% of our Canadian
 MillerCoors and European workforces
 respectively
 are represented by trade unions. Stringent labor laws in the U.K. expose us to a greater risk of loss should we experience labor disruptions in that market. A labor strike
The success of our business relies heavily on brand image
 reputation
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;It is important that we maintain and increase the image and reputation of our existing products. Concerns about product quality
 even when unsubstantiated
addition
 because our brands carry family names
 personal activities by certain members of the Molson or Coors families that harm their public image or reputation could have an adverse effect on our brands. Further
 the success of our Company is dependent on our ability to protect our intellectual property rights
 including trademarks
 patents
 domain names
We cannot be certain that the steps we have taken to protect our intellectual property rights will be sufficient or that third parties will not infringe upon or misappropriate these rights. If we are unable to protect our intellectual property rights
Because of our reliance on third-party service providers and internal and outsourced systems for our information technology and certain other administrative functions
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;We rely exclusively on information services providers worldwide for our information technology functions including network
 help desk
 hardware and software configuration. Additionally
 we rely on internal networks and information systems and other technology
 including the internet and third-party hosted services
 to support a variety of business processes and activities
 including procurement and supply chain
 manufacturing
 distribution
 invoicing and collection of payments. We use information systems for certain human resource activities and to process our employee benefits
 as well as to process financial information for internal and external reporting purposes and to comply with various reporting
 legal and tax requirements. We also have outsourced a significant portion of work associated with our finance and accounting
 human resources and other information technology functions to third-party service providers. As information systems are critical to many of our operating activities
 our business may be impacted by system shutdowns
 service disruptions or security breaches. Additionally
 if one of our service providers was to fail and we were unable to find a suitable replacement in a timely manner
 we could be unable to properly administer our outsourced functions. Further
 our internal and outsourced systems may also be the target of a breach to our security
 which
 if successful
 could expose us to the loss of key business
 employee
 customer or vendor information and disruption of our operations. If our information systems suffer severe damage
 disruption or shutdown and our remediation plans do not effectively resolve the issues in a timely manner
 we could experience delays in reporting our financial results and we may lose revenue and profits as a result of our inability to timely manufacture
 distribute
 invoice and collect payments from our customers. Misuse
 leakage or falsification of information could result in a violation of data privacy laws and regulations
 damage our reputation and credibility. In addition
If the Pentland Trust and the Coors Trust do not agree on a matter submitted to stockholders or if a super-majority of our board of directors do not agree on certain actions
 generally the matter will not be approved
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Pentland Securities (1981) Inc. (the Pentland Trust) (a company controlled by the Molson family and related parties) and the Adolph Coors
 Jr. Trust (the Coors Trust)
 which together control more than 90% of our Class&#160;A common stock and Class&#160;A exchangeable shares
 have a voting trust agreement through which they have combined their voting power over the shares of our Class&#160;A common stock and the Class&#160;A exchangeable shares that they own. In the event that these two stockholders do not agree to vote in favor of a matter submitted to a stockholder vote (other than the election of directors)
 the voting trustees are required to vote all of the Class&#160;A common stock and Class&#160;A exchangeable shares deposited in the voting trust against the matter. There is no other mechanism in the voting trust agreement to resolve a potential deadlock between these stockholders. Therefore
 if either the Pentland Trust or the Coors Trust is unwilling to vote in favor of a proposal that is subject to a stockholder vote
 we would be unable to implement the proposal even if our board of directors
 management or other stockholders believe the proposal is beneficial to us. Similarly
 our bylaws require the authorization of a super-majority (two-thirds) of the board of directors to take certain transformational actions. Thus
&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;Our Class B common stock has fewer voting rights than our Class A common stock and holders of our Class A common stock have the ability to effectively control or have a significant influence over certain company actions requiring stockholder approval
 which could have a material adverse effect on Class B stockholders. See Part&#160;II&#8212;Item&#160;8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
Note 8
Beer sales are highly regulated by the Canadian government. For example
 in Ontario
 off-premise beer may only be purchased at retail outlets operated by BRI
 government-regulated retail outlets operated by the Liquor Control Board of Ontario (LCBO)
In April 2014
Advisory Council on Government Assets (the Council) began a review that included evaluating the beer retailing and distribution system in Ontario
 for which BRI is the primary beer retail and distribution channel. In April 2015
 as a result of this review and our negotiations with the Council
 we
 along with the other owners of BRI
 agreed
 in principle and subject to entry into definitive binding documents
 to enter into a new beer framework agreement (the New Framework) with the Province of Ontario. The associated Master Framework Agreement was subsequently executed by all parties on September 22
 2015
 and became effective as of January 1
Additionally
 as a result of the above review
 certain other legal matters could arise that could have a negative impact on our business
 such as the litigation related to our ownership of BRI discussed in Part&#160;I&#8212;Item&#160;3. Legal Proceedings. If the implementation of the provisions under the New Framework differ from our current expectations
We may experience adverse effects on our Canada business and financial results due to declines in the overall Canadian beer industry
 continued price discounting
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;If the Canadian beer market continues to decline
 the impact to our financial results could be exacerbated due to our significant share of the overall market. Additionally
 continuation
 acceleration or the increase of price discounting
 in Ontario
 Qu&#233;bec
 Alberta or other provinces
 as well as increases in our cost of goods sold
 could adversely impact our business. Further
 changes in the Canadian tax legislation
 such as the recent increase in beer excise taxes and the implementation of equalization and standardization of excise tax regulations in Quebec
 could decrease our net sales. Moreover
 the future success and earnings growth of the Canada business depends
 in part
In the event that we are required to move away from the industry standard returnable bottle we use today
Along with ABI and other brewers in Canada
&#32;of total volume sales (excluding imports) in Canada. Changes to the Industry Standard Bottle Agreement could impact our use of the industry standard returnable bottle. If we cease to use the industry standard returnable bottle
We do not fully control the operations and administration of MillerCoors
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Pending our proposed Acquisition of 100% of MillerCoors
 we jointly control MillerCoors with SABMiller and hold a 42% economic interest in the joint venture.&#160;While we direct the MillerCoors business through our equal representation on its board of directors (along with SABMiller) and otherwise impact its business activities through our ongoing communication and oversight
 MillerCoors&#8217; management is responsible for the day-to-day operation of the business.&#160;As a result
 we do not have full control over MillerCoors&#8217; activities. Our results of operations are dependent upon the efforts of MillerCoors' management
 our ability to govern the joint venture effectively with SABMiller and factors beyond our control that may affect SABMiller. For example
 the loss of the services and expertise of any key MillerCoors employee could harm our business. Additionally
 our disclosure controls and procedures with respect to MillerCoors are necessarily substantially more limited than those we maintain with respect to our consolidated subsidiaries. Certain rights of first refusal apply to any assignment of the joint venture interests. Any transfer of ownership interest could have a significant effect on our results of operations and financial position
MillerCoors is highly dependent on independent distributors in the United States to sell its products
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;MillerCoors sells all of its products and many of our non-U.S. products in the United States to distributors for resale to retail outlets and the regulatory environment of many states makes it very difficult to change distributors. Consequently
 if MillerCoors is not allowed or is unable to replace unproductive or inefficient distributors
 its business
 financial position and results of operation may be adversely affected
Our European businesses have been
 and may continue to be
 adversely affected by conditions in the global financial markets and general economic and political conditions
 as well as a continued weakening of their respective currencies versus the U.S. dollar. Our interim brand impairment review completed in the third quarter of 2015
. Additionally
 during this review
 we also reassessed each brand's indefinite-life classification and determined that these impaired brands have characteristics that have evolved which now indicate a definite-life is more appropriate. These brands have therefore been reclassified as definite-lived intangible assets to be amortized over useful lives ranging from 30 to 50 years. The decline in fair value of these brands was due
 in part
underlying assumptions supporting the value of the brands. Specific changes include underperformance through the 2015 peak season driving a downward shift in management's forecasts
 along with challenging macroeconomic and competitive conditions that we no longer expect to subside in the near term. Additionally
 we face intense competition in certain of our European markets
 particularly with respect to price
 which could lead to reduced sales or profitability. In particular
 the on-going focus by large competitors in Europe to drive increased market share through aggressive pricing strategies could adversely affect our sales and results of operations. In addition
 in recent years
 beer volume sales in Europe have been shifting from pubs and restaurants (on-premise) to retail stores (off-premise)
 for the industry in general. Margins on sales to off-premise customers tend to be lower than margins on sales to on-premise customers
 and
 as a result
In the event that a significant pub chain declared bankruptcy
 or experience similar financial difficulties
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;We extend credit to pub chains in the U.K.
 and in some cases the amounts are significant. Business at on-premise outlets has decreased since late 2008 as a result of a continued challenging economic environment in the U.K. While the economic environment in the U.K. has seen an upturn in 2015
 some pub chains may continue to face increasing financial difficulty
 if economic conditions do not stabilize. In the event that one or more significant pub chains were to be unable to pay amounts owed to us as a result of bankruptcy or similar financial difficulties
Our ability to grow our MCI segment in emerging markets depends on social
 economic and political conditions in those markets
 on our ability to create effective product distribution networks and consumer brand awareness in new markets and in many cases our ability to find appropriate local partners. Due to product price
 local regulatory changes
 local competition from competitors that are larger and have more resources than we do and cultural differences
 or absence of effective routes to market
 there is no assurance that our products will be accepted in any particular emerging market. If we are unable to expand our businesses in emerging markets
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;In 2006
 we sold our 83% ownership interest in Kaiser to FEMSA Cerveza&#160;S.A. de C.V. (FEMSA). The terms of the sale agreement require us to indemnify FEMSA for exposures related to certain tax
 civil and labor contingencies and certain purchased tax credits. The ultimate resolution of these claims is not under our control. These indemnity obligations are recorded as liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets
 however
 we could incur future statement of operations charges as facts further develop resulting in changes to our estimates or changes in our assessment of probability of loss on these items as well as due to fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. Due to the uncertainty involved in the ultimate outcome and timing of these contingencies
February&#160;11
 2016
Montr&#233;al
Toronto
Creemore
Moncton
Montr&#233;al
St&#160;John's
Toronto
Vancouver
Prague
Apatin
B&#337;cs
Burton-on-Trent
 Staffordshire
(1)
Haskovo
Niksic
Ostrava
Ploiesti
Prague
Sharp's Brewery
 Cornwall
Tadcaster Brewery
 Yorkshire
Burtonwood Brewery
 Warrington
Zagreb
Patna
 Bihar
Saha
 Haryana
Bhankharpur
 Punjab
Montr&#233;al and Toronto breweries collectively account for approximately 79% of our Canada production. The Burton-on-Trent
 Prague
 Ploiesti
 Apatin and Tadcaster breweries collectively account for approximately 74% of our Europe production. Note that while we closed the Alton brewery in the U.K.
 the Plovdiv brewery in Bulgaria and are in the consultation process of closing the Burton South brewery in the U.K.
 we continue to own these breweries as of December 31
We own one and lease one brewing and packaging facility in Vancouver
 British Columbia. In the fourth quarter of 2015
 as a result of our strategic review of our supply chain network
 we entered into an agreement to sell our owned Vancouver brewery with the intent to use the proceeds from the sale to help fund the construction of an efficient and flexible brewery in British Columbia. The sale is anticipated to be completed in the first quarter of 2016. In conjunction with the sale
We own ten distribution centers
 lease four additional distribution centers
 lease seven cross docks
We own one and lease six warehouses throughout Canada
As part of our ongoing strategic review of our European supply chain network in the fourth quarter of 2015
We own fourteen distribution centers
 lease sixteen additional distribution centers
We also lease offices in Colorado
 the location of our Corporate headquarters
 as well as within various international countries in which our MCI segment operates. We believe our facilities are well maintained and suitable for their respective operations. In 
On December 12
 2014
 a notice of action captioned David Hughes and 631992 Ontario Inc. v. Liquor Control Board of Ontario
 Brewers Retail Inc.
 Labatt Breweries of Canada LP
 Molson Coors Canada and Sleeman Breweries Ltd. No. CV-14-518059-00CP was filed in Ontario
 Canada in the Ontario Superior Court of Justice. Brewers' Retail&#160;Inc. (BRI) and its owners
 including Molson Coors Canada
 as well as the Liquor Control Board of Ontario (LCBO) are named as defendants in the action. The plaintiffs allege that The Beer Store (retail outlets owned and operated by BRI) and LCBO improperly entered into an agreement to fix prices and market allocation within the Ontario beer market to the detriment of licensees and consumers. The plaintiffs seek to have the claim certified as a class action on behalf of all Ontario beer consumers and licensees and
 among other things
 damages in the amount of Canadian Dollar (CAD) 1.4 billion. We note that The Beer Store operates according to the rules established by the Government of Ontario for regulation
 sale and distribution of beer in the province. Additionally
 prices at The Beer Store are independently set by each brewer and are approved by the LCBO on a weekly basis. Accordingly
 we intend to vigorously assert and defend our rights in this lawsuit. See Part&#160;II&#8212;Item&#160;8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
Note 18
For additional information regarding environmental proceedings see Part&#160;II&#8212;Item&#160;8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
Note 18
We are involved in other disputes and legal actions arising in the ordinary course of our business. While it is not feasible to predict or determine the outcome of these proceedings
 in our opinion
 based on a review with legal counsel
 none of these disputes and legal actions is expected to have a material impact on our consolidated financial position
 results of operations or cash flows. However
ITEM 5.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY
Our Class&#160;A common stock and Class&#160;B common stock trade on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbols TAP.A and TAP, respectively. In addition
 the Class&#160;A exchangeable shares and Class&#160;B exchangeable shares of our indirect subsidiary
 Molson Coors Canada&#160;Inc.
 trade on the Toronto Stock Exchange under the symbols TPX.A and TPX.B, respectively. The Class&#160;A and B exchangeable shares are a means for shareholders to defer tax in Canada and have substantially the same economic and voting rights as the respective common shares. The exchangeable shares can be exchanged for our Class&#160;A or B common stock at any time and at the exchange ratios described in the Merger documents
 and receive the same dividends. At the time of exchange
February&#160;5
 2016
Class&#160;A common stock
Class&#160;B common stock
2
Class&#160;A exchangeable shares
Class&#160;B exchangeable shares
2
&#32;as reported by the New York Stock Exchange
&#32;as reported by the New York Stock Exchange
&#32;as reported by the Toronto Stock Exchange
&#32;as reported by the Toronto Stock Exchange
The following graph compares our cumulative total stockholder return over the last five fiscal years with the Standard and Poor's 500 Index&#174; (S&amp;P&#160;500) and a customized index including MCBC
 SABMiller
 ABI
 Carlsberg
 Heineken and Asahi (the Peer Group). We have used a weighted-average based on market capitalization to determine the return for the Peer Group. The graph assumes $100 was invested on December&#160;25
 2010 (the last trading day of our 2010 fiscal year) in our Class&#160;B common stock
 the S&amp;P&#160;500 and the Peer Group
The Peer Group represents the weighted-average based on market capitalization of the common stock of MCBC
 SABMiller
 ABI
 Carlsberg
As a result of the pending Acquisition
 we plan to maintain our current quarterly dividend of $0.41 per share as we pay down debt
In February 2015
 our Board of Directors approved and authorized a new program to repurchase up to $1.0 billion of our Class A and Class B common stock with a program term of four years. Under the program
 shares may be repurchased in privately negotiated and/or open market transactions
 including under plans complying with Rule 10b5-1 under the Exchange Act. The number
 price and timing of the repurchases will be at the Company&#8217;s sole discretion and will be evaluated depending on market conditions
 liquidity needs or other factors. The Company&#8217;s Board of Directors may suspend
 modify or terminate the program at any time without prior notice. This repurchase program replaces and supersedes any repurchase programs previously approved by the Board of Directors. Beginning in April 2015
 under this program
 we entered into accelerated share repurchase agreements (&#8220;ASRs&#8221;) with a financial institution. In exchange for up-front payments
 the financial institution delivered shares of our common stock during the purchase periods of each ASR. The total number of shares ultimately delivered
 and therefore the average repurchase price paid per share
Additionally
 as a result of our pending Acquisition
Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities for the Quarter Ended December 31
October 1
 2015 - October 31
597
597
November 1
 2015 - November 30
December 1
 2015 - December 31
75
75
672
672
850
000
Beginning in the second quarter of 2015 and through the fourth quarter of 2015
December&#160;31
. For further information
(In millions
3
4
4
3
3
12
13
15
16
12
1
2
2
3
3
1
On November 14
 2013
&#32;week fiscal year to a calendar year. As such
 our 2013 fiscal year end was extended from December 28
 2013
 to December 31
 2013
Reflects activity as a result of our acquisition of StarBev Holdings S.a.r.l. on June 15
Note 2
The following Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (MD&amp;A) is provided to assist in understanding our company
 operations and current business environment and should be considered a supplement to
 and read in conjunction with
 the accompanying consolidated financial statements and notes included within Part&#160;II&#8212;Item&#160;8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
 as well as the discussion of our business and related risk factors in Part I&#8212;Item&#160;1 Business and Part I&#8212;Item&#160;1A Risk Factors
Unless otherwise indicated
 (a)&#160;all $ amounts are in U.S. Dollars (USD)
 (b)&#160;comparisons are to comparable prior periods
December&#160;31
 2015
December&#160;31
 2014
&#32;refers to the period from December 30
December&#160;31
In addition to financial measures presented on the basis of accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (U.S.&#160;GAAP)
 we also present pretax and after-tax underlying income, underlying income per diluted share, underlying effective tax rate, and underlying free cash flow, which are non-GAAP measures and should be viewed as supplements to (not substitutes for) our results of operations presented under U.S.&#160;GAAP. We also present underlying earnings before interest
 taxes
 depreciation and amortization (underlying EBITDA) as a non-GAAP measure. Our management uses underlying income
 underlying income per diluted share
 underlying EBITDA
 underlying effective tax rate and underlying free cash flow as measures of operating performance to assist in comparing performance from period to period on a consistent basis; as a measure for planning and forecasting overall expectations and for evaluating actual results against such expectations; in communications with the board of directors
 stockholders
 analysts and investors concerning our financial performance; as useful comparisons to the performance of our competitors; and as metrics of certain management incentive compensation calculations. We believe that underlying income
 underlying income per diluted share
 underlying EBITDA
 underlying effective tax rate and underlying free cash flow performance are used by and are useful to investors and other users of our financial statements in evaluating our operating performance because they provide an additional tool to evaluate our performance without regard to special and non-core items
 which can vary substantially from company to company depending upon accounting methods and book value of assets and capital structure. We have provided reconciliations of all non-GAAP measures to their nearest U.S. GAAP measure and have consistently applied the adjustments within our reconciliations in arriving at each non-GAAP measure. These adjustments consist of special items from our U.S. GAAP financial statements (see Part II-Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
Note 1
&#32;of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Notes) for additional disclosure) as well as other non-core items
 such as acquisition and integration related costs
 unrealized mark-to-market gains and losses
 and gains and losses on sales of non-operating assets
In addition to the non-GAAP measures noted above
 we have certain operational measures
 such as sales-to-wholesalers (&#8220;STWs&#8221;) and sales-to-retailers (&#8220;STRs&#8221;)
 which we believe are useful metrics to management and investors in evaluating our operations.&#160;STW is a metric that we use in our U.S. business to reflect the sales from our operations to our direct customers
 generally wholesalers.&#160;We believe the STW metric is important because it gives an indication of the amount of beer and adjacent products that we have produced and shipped to customers. STR is a metric that we use in our Canada and U.S. businesses to refer to sales closer to the end consumer than STWs
 which generally means sales from our wholesalers or our company to retailers
 who in turn sell to consumers.&#160;We believe the STR metric is important because
 unlike STWs
On November 11
 2015
 Anheuser-Busch InBev SA/NV&#8217;s (&#8220;ABI&#8221;) announced it had entered into a definitive agreement to acquire SABMiller plc (&#8220;SABMiller&#8221;). The resulting transaction (&#8220;ABI/SABMiller transaction&#8221;) is expected to be finalized in the second half of 2016 subject to ABI and SABMiller shareholder approval and various global regulatory approvals. Concurrently
 on November 11
 2015
 we entered into a purchase agreement (the &#8220;Purchase Agreement&#8221;) with ABI to acquire
 contingent upon the closing of the ABI/SABMiller transaction
 all of SABMiller&#8217;s 58% economic interest and 50% voting interest in MillerCoors and all trademarks
&#32;brand portfolio outside of the U.S. and Puerto Rico for $12.0 billion in cash
 subject to downward adjustment as described in the Purchase Agreement (the &#8220;Acquisition&#8221;). Following the closing of the pending Acquisition
 we will own 100% of the outstanding equity and voting interests of MillerCoors. The pending Acquisition is based on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Purchase Agreement
Under the agreement
 we will retain the rights to all of the brands currently in the MillerCoors portfolio for the U.S. and Puerto Rican markets
 including import brands such as 
brand portfolio outside of the U.S. and Puerto Rico. Additionally
 in consolidating control of MillerCoors
 we will further improve our scale and agility
 benefit from significantly enhanced cash flows
&#32;and presents volume and profit growth opportunities for Molson Coors in both core markets
The pending Acquisition is expected to be funded through cash on hand and financed through a combination of debt and equity security issuances. Further
 as we plan to elect to treat the Acquisition as an asset acquisition for U.S. tax purposes
At this time
 we anticipate this acquisition will close in the second half of 2016
We are one of the world's largest brewers and have a diverse portfolio of owned and partner brands
ng
 
 
 as well as craft and specialty beers such as 
 
. With centuries of brewing heritage
 we have been crafting high-quality
 innovative products with the purpose of delighting the world's beer drinkers and goal to be the first choice for our consumers and customers. Our success depends on our ability to make our products available to meet a wide range of consumer segments and occasions.
 our net income from continuing operations attributable to MCBC
 underlying after-tax earnings and EBITDA declined versus 2014 due to a number of challenges; however
 we exceeded our targets for cost savings and cash generation and achieved positive net pricing in most of our major markets
 excluding the impacts of changes in foreign currency exchange rates. Competitive challenges and weak consumer demand continued across some of our largest markets
 but we continued to focus on building a stronger brand portfolio
in the U.K. We also expanded our global footprint within MCI through the acquisition of Mount Shivalik Breweries Ltd. (Mount Shivalik) in India and our recent entrance into the Colombian market. We continued to improve our sales execution and revenue management capabilities
 increase the efficiency of our operations
 implement common systems and focus on generating higher returns for our invested capital
 managing our working capital and delivering a greater return on investment for our shareholders. We grew our global above-premium volume
&#32;in the U.K.
&#32;in the U.S. and U.K. Our emerging cider portfolio delivered strong growth
&#32;performance in Canada and the U.S.
 however
 we continued to see strong performance of 
&#32;per diluted share
 decreased 
&#32;per diluted share
&#32;from a year ago
 primarily due to the impact of unfavorable movements in foreign currency rates and the loss of major business contracts this year. Additionally
 net income from continuing operations attributable to MCBC was unfavorably impacted by incremental special charges in 2015 driven primarily by our initiatives focused on improving our supply chain network and building efficiencies across the business evidenced by our closure of two bottling lines in Canada
 as well as the closure of our Alton and Plovdiv breweries in Europe and announced closures of the Eden brewery in 
 primarily due to a decrease in underlying income in Canada and Europe. Our underlying income excludes special and other non-core gains
&#32;pretax charge
 as explained below. 
 primarily due to lower volumes in the U.S. and Canada
 partially offset by increased volumes from MCI. Additionally
 consolidated net sales decreased 
 driven by negative impacts of changes in foreign currency exchange rates and lower volumes in Canada and the loss of the Heineken and Modelo contracts in Europe
 partially offset by positive pricing in Europe.
$1
$1
168.2 million
 compared to 
. The decreases in operating cash flow and underlying free cash flow are driven by unfavorable changes in foreign currency exchange rates
 increased capital investments
 higher cash paid for taxes and decreased distributions from our investment in MillerCoors
 along with lower underlying income
In our Canada segment
 we drove positive pricing
 achieved significant cost savings and invested significantly behind our brands
 due to special charges recognized as a result of accelerated depreciation of two of our bottling lines
 the impact of the loss of our Miller brands agreements
 as well as cycling the income received from the termination of our MMI joint venture in 2014. Our 2015 underlying pretax income decreased by 
 primarily due to unfavorable foreign currency movements and incremental brand investments
In the U.S.
 MillerCoors grew net sales per hectoliter with positive pricing and mix
&#32;Miller Lite
Redd&#8217;s
 Blue Moon
 driven by special charges recognized in 2015 related to the decision to close the Eden brewery
 as well as the early settlement of a portion of MillerCoors' defined benefit pension plan liability. Underlying equity income in MillerCoors of 
In our Europe segment
 we reported a loss from continuing operations before income taxes of 
&#32;recognized related to indefinite-lived intangible brand assets
 along with charges related to our supply chain initiatives and net termination charges in 2015
 compared to an impairment charge of 
. The decrease in underlying income is entirely attributable to the negative impacts of unfavorable changes in foreign currency rates and the loss of the Heineken and Modelo contracts in 2015. Excluding these factors
 our Europe segment grew volume
 sales mix and gross margins. Further
 lower supply chain costs and lower spending driven by efficiency in marketing investments partially offset by higher brand amortization expense contributed to positive underlying results. In addition to the core brand performances mentioned below
 our above-premium brands performed well
Coors Light
&#32;and our wider craft portfolio
Franciscan Well
&#32;achieving strong growth in the year
In our MCI segment
 we drove significant growth in terms of volume
&#32;primarily driven by unfavorable changes in foreign currency exchange rates and expenses related to our China business
 partially offset by higher volume and lower marketing investment and general and administrative costs. 
 the number one beer brand in the U.K. and the largest brand in our Europe segment
 declined 3.6% in terms of volume in the year
 primarily due to overall industry softness in the U.K.
volumes) increased 0.3% in 2015 versus 2014
 driven by strong performance in Europe and MCI
 partially offset by declines in Canada and the U.S. due to continued competitive and industry pressures. In the U.S.
increased its share of the premium light segment and gained momentum in 2015 versus 2014
 continued to show strong volume growth in the U.K.
 where it is our second largest brand
 and is growing even faster in our Latin American markets
volume increased overall in 2015 versus 2014
 mainly driven by strong growth in almost all countries outside of Czech Republic
&#32;primary market
December&#160;31
 2015
December&#160;31
 2014
December&#160;31
 2013
 and provides a reconciliation of underlying income
 a non-GAAP measure
 to its nearest U.S. GAAP measure. See Part II-Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
(In millions
3
4
4
Special items
42% of MillerCoors special items
Acquisition
Non-GAAP: Underlying income attributable to MCBC from continuing operations
See Part&#160;II&#8212;Item&#160;8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
Note 7
December&#160;31
 2015
December&#160;31
 
 includes accelerated amortization expense of 
See Results of Operations
In connection with the pending Acquisition
 we recognized transaction related fees of $6.9 million within marketing
 general and administrative expenses in 2015. Additionally
 on December 16
. In connection with the bridge loan
 during the year ended December 31
 2015
 we paid commitment fees of 
 which have been deferred within other current assets on the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31
 2015
 and will be amortized to other income (expense) within the consolidated statement of operations over the 364-day term. For the year ended December 31
 2015
&#32;was amortized to other expense. Further
 on December 16
 2015
 we also entered into a Term Loan Agreement which provides for a 3-year and 5-year tranche of $1.5 billion for each loan
. In connection with the term loan
 during the year ended December 31
 2015
 we paid issuance fees of 
 which have been deferred within other assets on the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31
 2015
 and will be amortized to interest expense within the consolidated statement of operations over the respective 3-year and 5-year term of each loan. For the year ended December 31
 2015
&#32;was amortized to interest expense. See Part&#160;II&#8212;Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
Note 12
In connection with the our acquisition of StarBev Holdings S.a.r.l. (StarBev) in 2012 (the StarBev Acquisition)
 we recognized fees in marketing
 general and administrative expenses of $10.7 million in 2013
The unrealized changes in fair value on our commodity swaps not designated in hedging relationships are recorded as cost of goods sold within our Corporate business activities. As the exposure we are managing is realized
 we reclassify the gain or loss to the segment in which the underlying exposure resides
 allowing our segments to realize the economic effects of the derivative without the resulting unrealized mark-to-market volatility. Related to these derivatives
 we recorded unrealized losses of 
 $4.2 million and $2.7 million in 
&#32;and 2013
Additionally
 we issued a &#8364;500 million Zero Coupon Senior Unsecured Convertible Note (Convertible Note) to StarBev L.P. (the Seller) in conjunction with the closing of the StarBev Acquisition. The Convertible Note's embedded conversion feature was determined to meet the definition of a derivative required to be bifurcated and separately accounted for at fair value with changes in fair value recorded in earnings. In 2013
&#32;recorded as interest expense related to changes in the fair value of the conversion feature. On August 13
 2013
&#32;incremental to the Convertible Note's principal. Upon settlement
 $0.8 million was recognized as the realized gain on settlement of the conversion feature
 which was initially recorded as a liability of $15.2 million when issued in the second quarter of 2012. Additionally
 within other income (expense)
 we recorded unrealized gains of 
 respectively
&#32;during 2013 related to foreign exchange contracts and cash positions entered into to hedge our risk associated with the payment of this foreign denominated debt. See Part&#160;II&#8212;Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
Note 16
In 2014
 we recognized a gain of $11.3 million within marketing
In 2013
&#32;within other income related to the sales of non-core investment assets. See Part&#160;II&#8212;Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
Note 5
The effect of taxes on the adjustments used to arrive at underlying net income
 a non-GAAP measure
 is calculated based on applying the underlying full-year effective tax rate to underlying earnings
 excluding special and non-core items. The effect of taxes on special and non-core items is calculated based on the statutory tax rate applicable to the item being adjusted for in the jurisdiction from which each adjustment arises. Additionally
December&#160;31
 2015
December&#160;31
 2014
December&#160;31
 2013
 and provides a reconciliation of underlying EBITDA
 a non-GAAP measure
 to its nearest U.S. GAAP measure. See Part II-Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
(In millions
Add: Interest expense (income)
1
1
1
Represents adjustments to remove amounts related to interest
 depreciation and amortization included in the adjustments to non-GAAP underlying income above
Adjustments to our equity income from MillerCoors
 which include our proportionate share of MillerCoors' interest
 income tax
 depreciation and amortization
 special items
Worldwide beer volume (including adjacencies
 such as cider) is composed of our financial volume
 royalty volume and proportionate share of equity investment STRs. Financial volume represents owned beer brands sold to unrelated external customers within our geographical markets
 net of returns and allowances. Royalty beer volume consists of our brands produced and sold by third parties under various license and contract-brewing agreements. Equity investment STR brand volume represents our ownership percentage share of volume in our subsidiaries accounted for under the equity method
 including MillerCoors
 and for 2014 and 2013 also includes Modelo Molson Imports
 L.P. (MMI)
 our joint venture in Canada with Grupo Modelo&#160;S.A.B. de C.V. (Modelo). We finalized the termination of our MMI joint venture relationship in the first quarter of 2014. As such
 our worldwide beer volume for the year ended December&#160;31
 2014
 includes our percentage share of volume in MMI through the transition period ended February 28
 2014. See Part&#160;II&#8212;Item&#160;8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
Note 4
December&#160;31
 2015
December&#160;31
 2014
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
(In millions
Includes MCI segment royalty volume that is primarily in Russia
 Ukraine and Mexico
 and Europe segment royalty volume in Republic of Ireland.  
 primarily due to lower volumes in Canada and the U.S.
 partially offset by increased volumes from MCI. Worldwide beer volume decreased in 
 primarily due to lower volumes in the U.S. and Canada
December&#160;31
 2015
December&#160;31
Price
December&#160;31
 2014
December&#160;31
Price
&#32;exceeded our targets and totaled more than $60 million
&#32;of approximately $88 million
 of which our 42% share is approximately $37 million. 
 a slight increase of 
 primarily due to increased amortization of our intangible assets as a result of reclassifying certain brands in our Europe segment to definite-lived as well as accelerated depreciation related to bottling line and announced brewery closures
 partially offset by the impact of changes in foreign currency rates. Depreciation and amortization expense was 
 a decrease 
 primarily due to decreased amortization of our intangible assets
 as well as the impact of changes in foreign currency rates.
. Our effective tax rates were significantly lower than the federal statutory rate of 35% primarily due to lower effective income tax rates applicable to our foreign businesses
 driven by lower statutory income tax rates and tax planning impacts on statutory taxable income
 and favorable resolution of unrecognized tax benefits. The 2015 effective tax rate slightly increased versus 2014 due to a lower amount of unrecognized tax benefits released during 2015
 as well as increased valuation allowances against net operating losses recognized in 2015. These increases were partially offset by the tax benefits associated with the renewal application of our bilateral advanced pricing agreement (BAPA) between the U.S. and Canada tax authorities
 which was formally submitted during the first quarter of 2015. Our 2015 underlying effective tax rate
 a non-GAAP measure
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
Additionally
&#32;in 2015
 primarily driven by the expiration of certain statutes of limitations and foreign exchange rate movements. See Part&#160;II&#8212;Item&#160;8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
Note 6
Discontinued operations are associated with the formerly-owned Cervejarias Kaiser Brasil&#160;S.A. (Kaiser) business in Brazil and the related indemnity obligations to FEMSA Cerveza&#160;S.A. de C.V. (FEMSA) related to purchased tax credits and other tax
 civil and labor issues. See Part&#160;II&#8212;Item&#160;8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
Note 18
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
(In millions
1
2
2
1
1
1
(1
(1
Marketing
Special items
Other income (expense)
Special items
See Part II&#8212;Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
Note 7
During 2015
 we continued our ongoing assessment of our supply chain strategies in order to align with our cost saving objectives. As part of this process
 in October 2015
 we entered into an agreement to sell the Vancouver brewery
 with the intent to use the proceeds from the sale to help fund the construction of an efficient and flexible brewery in British Columbia. The sale has not yet closed and is anticipated to be completed by the end of the first quarter of 2016. In conjunction with the sale
&#32;during the fourth quarter of 2015. We expect to incur additional charges
 including estimated accelerated depreciation charges of approximately Canadian Dollar (CAD) 
 through final closure of the brewery which is currently anticipated to occur near the end of 2018. These ongoing charges
 along with the estimated future gain on the sale of the property of approximately CAD 
 will be recorded as special items. We also expect to incur significant capital expenditures associated with the construction of the new brewery
Also as a result of the ongoing strategic review of our Canadian supply chain network and the overall shift in consumer preference toward can package consumption in Canada
 in the third quarter of 2015 we concluded that a bottling line in the Vancouver brewery could no longer be utilized
 and in the second quarter of 2015 we concluded that a bottling line in our Toronto brewery could no longer be utilized. We accordingly recorded charges within special items related to the abandonment of these assets. See below Special items, net for further details. We will continue to evaluate our supply chain network and seek opportunities for further efficiencies and cost savings
n April 2014
 the Ontario Premier's Advisory Council on Government Assets (the Council) began a review that included evaluating the beer retailing and distribution system in Ontario
 for which BRI is the primary beer retail and distribution channel. In April 2015
 as a result of this review and our negotiations with the Council
 we
owners of BRI
 agreed
 in principle and subject to entry into definitive binding documents
 to enter into a new beer framework agreement (the New Framework) with the Province of Ontario. The associated Master Framework Agreement was subsequently executed by all parties on September 22
 2015
 and became effective as of January 1
 2016. The New Framework is designed to further enhance the overall beer retail and distribution system within Ontario
&#32;annual tax on all beer volume sold in Ontario
 which will be phased in over four years beginning January 1
 2016. Additionally
 with the exception of adjustments for increases in annual inflation
 we
 along with the other largest brewer in Ontario
 will have restrictions on price increases for certain packaging types of the largest Ontario brands until the second quarter of 2017. The New Framework is also intended to increase convenience and choice available for consumers by increasing the number and types of outlets where beer is sold (including introducing beer sales to a specified number of grocery stores and standalone outlets)
 increasing the required level of shelf space allocated to small brewers in retail outlets
 as well as allowing for incremental packaging options at the Liquor Control Board of Ontario (LCBO) and agents of the LCBO. The New Framework also provides qualifying licensees (restaurants and bars) the ability to purchase beer at BRI retail outlets at the same price as retail consumers. Further
&#32;of capital spending through 2018
&#32;of which will be directed toward enhancements to the purchasing experience for consumers. The New Framework also incorporates many of the proposed changes to the BRI ownership structure that were announced in January 2015
 allowing all other Ontario brewers
 regardless of size
Note 4
). We continue to evaluate and are beginning to implement actions to mitigate any adverse impacts to our Canada segment that may result from the adoption of the New Framework. Additionally
 in the fourth quarter of 2014
 we became aware of a legal dispute related to BRI which could result in an adverse impact to our future results. See Part&#160;II&#8212;Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
Note 18
In the fourth quarter of 2014
 we entered into an agreement with Miller Brewing Company (Miller) for the accelerated termination of our license agreement
 effective March 2015
 under which we had exclusive rights to distribute certain Miller products in Canada. As a result
 beginning in the second quarter of 2015 we no longer distribute the Miller brands in Canada
 which has adversely impacted our volume and sales prospectively. We recognized net sales related to the License Agreement of 
&#32;and
 
 
Further
 we finalized the termination of our MMI joint venture relationship in the first quarter of 2014. As such
 our results for the year ended December&#160;31
 2014
 include our percentage share of the MMI results through the transition period ended February 28
 2014. See Part II&#8212;Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
Note 4
Note 11
 Goodwill and Intangible Assets
 the Canadian Dollar (CAD) depreciated versus the USD on an average basis
&#32;USD earnings before income taxes and USD underlying pretax income
 respectively. During 
 the CAD depreciated against the USD on an average basis
&#32;USD earnings before income taxes and USD underlying pretax income
 respectively. Included in these amounts are both translational and transactional impacts of changes in foreign exchange rates. The impact of transaction gains and losses is recorded within other income (expense).
 driven by the impact of the loss of the Miller brand agreement
; however
 our market share declined on a full-year basis. Sales volume decreased in 
 due to the termination of the Miller brand agreement and increased competitive pressure on our core brands. Net sales per hectoliter increased 2.5% in local currency in 
 driven by favorable pricing.
 driven by the termination of the MMI joint venture
 decline in the overall industry
 weak economic factors
 increased competitor promotional activity and unfavorable weather across key regions in 2014. The Canadian beer industry STRs decreased in 
 due to continued industry softness and increased competitive pressure on our core brands. Net sales per hectoliter increased 1.8% in local currency in 
 driven by favorable pricing and mix shift to higher priced brands and packages.
 driven by input inflation
 negative foreign currency impacts
 fixed-cost deleverage and sales mix shift toward higher-cost brands and packages. These factors were partially offset by cost savings. 
 driven by input inflation and fixed-cost deleverage
 the termination of the Modelo joint venture
 sales mix shift toward higher-cost brands and packages
 and increased promotional packaging expense. These factors were partially offset by cost savings. Under the MMI arrangement
&#32;during the years ended 2014 and 2013
Marketing
Marketing
 general and administrative expenses decreased slightly in local currency in 
 driven by cost savings
Marketing
 general and administrative expenses decreased 1.4% in local currency in 
 driven by cost savings
 partially offset by higher marketing spending and incentive compensation
 as well as cycling administrative cost recoveries from MMI. During the years ended 2014 and 2013
 MCC recognized administrative cost recoveries under our agency and services agreement with MMI of $0.7 million and $6.8 million
Special items
During 2015
&#32;of charges related to the closure of a bottling line within our Vancouver brewery
&#32;of accelerated depreciation associated with this bottling line. Additionally
&#32;of charges related to the closure of a bottling line within our Toronto brewery
&#32;of accelerated depreciation associated with this bottling line. The decisions to close these bottling lines were made as part of an ongoing strategic review of our Canadian supply chain network and the overall shift in consumer preference toward can package consumption in Canada. Separately
During the third quarter of 2014 and fourth quarter of 2013
 we recognized impairment charges related to our definite-lived intangible asset associated with our license agreement with Miller in Canada. See Part II&#8212;Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
Note 11
During the first quarter of 2014
 we finalized the termination of our MMI joint venture and concurrently recognized a charge of $4.9 million for the accelerated amortization of the remaining carrying value of our definite-lived intangible asset associated with the agreement
 as well as recorded income of $63.2 million for the payment received upon termination. See Part II&#8212;Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
Note 4
December 31
December 31
December 31
(In millions
8
8
8
(1
(1
(1
7
7
7
(4
(4
(4
3
3
3
Marketing
(1
(1
(1
Special items
1
1
1
Interest income (expense)
Other income (expense)
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
Special items
1
1
1
Includes contract brewing and company-owned distributor sales
December 31
December 31
December 31
(In millions
1
1
1
MCBC proportionate share of MillerCoors special items
See Part&#160;II&#8212;Item&#160;8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
Note 4
&#32;of the Notes
December&#160;31
 2015
December&#160;31
 2014
December&#160;31
 2014
December&#160;31
During the third quarter of 2015
 MillerCoors announced plans to close its brewery in Eden
 North Carolina
 in an effort to optimize the brewery footprint and streamline operations for greater efficiency. Products currently produced in Eden will be transitioned to other breweries in the MillerCoors network
 and the Eden brewery is anticipated to be closed in September 2016. As a result of the announcement of the planned brewery closure
&#32;of charges during the second half of 2015 as special items
&#32;related to accelerated depreciation of brewery assets. MillerCoors will continue to incur special charges during each reporting period through the planned closure of the brewery in September 2016. Total special charges associated with the planned Eden closure are expected to be approximately $150 million to $200 million
 consisting primarily of accelerated depreciation and asset write-offs. However
 this estimated range contains significant uncertainty
 and actual results could differ materially from these estimates due to uncertainty regarding the ultimate net cost associated with the disposition of assets
 restructuring charges
 contract termination costs
 and other costs associated with the planned closure. Additionally
 during the third quarter of 2015
 MillerCoors announced the acquisition of Saint Archer Brewing Company
 a craft brewery
 which was completed in the fourth quarter of 2015.
 driven by declines in both the economy and premium light portfolios
&#32;Redd's
 Blue Moon
 Leinenkugel's
the decline in STRs
 and contract brewing volume decreased 2.5%.
 driven by favorable net pricing and positive sales mix. Total net sales per hectoliter
 including contract brewing and company-owned distributor sales
 increased 
 driven by declines in both the premium light and economy portfolios
Redd's
 Blue Moon
. Domestic STWs decreased 2.5% versus 2013
 driven by the decline in STRs
 while contract brewing volume increased slightly.
 driven by favorable net pricing and positive brand mix. Total net sales per hectoliter
 including contract brewing and company-owned distributor sales
 increased 2.8% in 
 driven by lower aluminum
 malt
 corn and fuel pricing
 along with supply chain cost savings. These factors were partially offset by brewery and freight inflation and fixed- cost absorption due to lower volumes.  
 driven by commodity and brewery inflation
 lower fixed-cost absorption
Marketing
Marketing
 general and administrative expenses increased 4.1% in 
Marketing
 general and administrative expenses decreased slightly in 
 driven primarily by cost reductions
 lower pension expenses and promotional spending
Special items
 net
&#32;of severance and other charges resulting from the planned closure of the Eden brewery. Additionally
 MillerCoors also recorded special charges of $42.4 million related to an early settlement of a portion of its defined benefit pension plan liability.  
 MillerCoors recognized special charges of 
MillerCoors distributes its excess cash to its owners
 SABMiller and MCBC
 on a 58% - 42% basis
December&#160;31
 2015
December&#160;31
 2014
 MillerCoors had cash of $15.6&#160;million and $9.3&#160;million
December&#160;31
 2015
December&#160;31
 2014
 MillerCoors had total debt of $2.0&#160;million and $1.7 million
MillerCoors recognized $358.4&#160;million
 $311.1 million and $291.5&#160;million of depreciation and amortization during 
 
 respectively. A total of 
)
December 31
December 31
December 31
(In millions
2
3
3
(1
(1
(1
1
2
2
(1
(1
(1
Marketing
Special items
Other income (expense)
Special items
 net
hectoliters
&#32;hectoliters
 respectively
 and 
&#32;of net sales
See Part II&#8212;Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
Note 7
During 2015
As part of this continued strategic review of our European supply chain network
 in the fourth quarter of 2015
 management announced that we entered into a consultation process regarding our proposal to close of our Burton South brewery in the U.K. to consolidate production within our recently modernized Burton North brewery. Additionally
 during the fourth quarter of 2015
 we closed our Plovdiv brewery in Bulgaria. These announcements follow the closure of the Alton brewery in the U.K.
 which was completed during the second quarter of 2015. As a result of these closures
 we incurred charges which were recorded within special items
 including accelerated depreciation
 and expect to incur additional charges as discussed further below. We will continue to evaluate our supply chain network and seek opportunities for further efficiencies and cost savings
In the third quarter of 2015
&#32;cider brand distribution rights in the U.K. and Ireland and also sold our U.K. malting facility. In the second quarter of 2015
&#32;brand in the U.K.
&#32;brand in the U.K. at the end of 2015. We believe these transactions will play a key role in transforming our portfolio
distribution of the Modelo brands in the U.K. which expired as of December 31
 2014
Additionally
 during the first quarter of 2015 and fourth quarter of 2014
 we received assessments from a local country regulatory authority in Europe.&#160;While we intend to vigorously challenge the validity of the assessments and defend our position
 if the assessments
 as issued
 are ultimately upheld
 they could materially affect our results of operations. See Part&#160;II&#8212;Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
Note 18
Further
 in 2015
 2014 and 2013 we recorded impairment charges for certain indefinite-lived intangible brands primarily driven by continued macroeconomic challenges
Our Europe segment operates in numerous countries within Europe
 and each country's operations utilize distinct currencies. During 
 foreign currency movements increased our Europe USD loss from continuing operations before income taxes by 
. During 2014
 foreign currency movements reduced our Europe USD loss from continuing operations before income taxes by $8.8 million
 and increased USD underlying pretax income by $7.7 million. Included in these amounts are both translational and transactional impacts of changes in foreign exchange rates. The impact of transactional gains and losses is recorded within other income (expense).
 due to the loss of the Modelo brands in the U.K. in 2015
 offset by strong growth in Romania and Croatia.
 primarily due to the loss of contract brewing revenue and the Modelo brands in the U.K.
 due to weak consumer demand
 as well as the impacts of significant flooding in the Balkans region in the second quarter of 2014. These factors were partially offset by improved performance in Hungary
 Romania
 Czech Republic and the U.K.
 due to positive mix.
 primarily driven by the elimination of Modelo brand costs and lower contract brewing volume in the U.K.
 along with positive supply chain performance. 
Marketing
Marketing
 general and administrative expenses increased 2.8% in local currency in 
 driven by the release of a regulatory reserve in the third quarter of 2014 and an $11.3 million non-core gain recognized in the first quarter of 2014 related to the favorable resolution of an indirect-tax audit
Marketing
 general and administrative expenses decreased 1.4% in local currency in 
 driven by cost savings
 the release of a regulatory reserve in the third quarter of 2014 and a non-core gain related to the favorable resolution of an indirect-tax reserve during the fourth quarter 2014
Special items
During the third quarter of 2015
 we identified impairment indicators as it pertains to indefinite-lived intangible assets related to certain European brands driven by key changes to our underlying assumptions supporting the value of the brands. Specific changes include underperformance through the 2015 peak season driving a downward shift in management's forecasts
 along with challenging macroeconomic and competitive conditions that we no longer expect to subside in the near term. As a result
&#32;in 2014 and 2013
 respectively. See Part&#160;II&#8212;Item&#160;8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
Note 11
As part of our continued strategic review of our European supply chain network
 in the fourth quarter of 2015
 we entered into a consultation process regarding the proposal to close our Burton South brewery in the U.K. to consolidate production within our recently modernized Burton North brewery. As a result
&#32;related to the Burton South brewery from the first quarter of 2016 through the third quarter of 2017. Also
 in the fourth quarter of 2015
&#32;of asset abandonment related special charges
Additionally
 as part of this review
 during the second quarter of 2015
 we completed the closure of the Alton brewery in the U.K. which closing process began in the fourth quarter for 2014. As a result
 in 2015 we incurred asset abandonment related special charges associated with this closure of 
. In 2014
We do not expect to incur future accelerated depreciation on the Alton and Plovdiv breweries. We may recognize other asset-related charges or benefits related to these breweries
 which cannot currently be estimated and will be recorded within special items. See Part&#160;II&#8212;Item&#160;8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
 Note 7
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
(In millions
Marketing
Special items
Other income (expense)
Special items
&#32;hectoliters
 
 
 respectively.
 
 
See Part II&#8212;Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
Note 7
In accordance with our strategy to increase our international portfolio and deepen our reach into the rapidly growing India beer market
 MCI acquired Mount Shivalik
 a regional brewer
 during the second quarter of 2015. As part of the transaction
 MCI acquired Mount Shivalik's entire brand portfolio
 including the leading strong-beer brand 
 and assumed direct control over brewing operations. The acquisition of Mount Shivalik added two breweries and more than doubled our brewing capacity in India
 which is in line with our strategy to grow our regional brand portfolio in India. We believe this acquisition will result in a powerful combination of industry leading brewing expertise
 brand reach and operational efficiency that will allow us to accelerate the growth of our brands within the India market. Additionally
 during the second quarter of 2015
 we announced our decision to substantially restructure our business in China and consequently recognized employee-related and asset write-off charges. 
 due to volume growth in India from strong performance of our existing business and our acquisition of Mount Shivalik during the second quarter of 2015
 along with 
Total sales volume including royalty volumes increased 19.8%
 and sales volume excluding royalty volume increased by 21.2% in 
Net sales per hectoliter decreased 6.3% in 2014 compared to 2013
 driven by geographic mix and foreign currency movements.
 due to sales mix changes and foreign currency movements. 
 due to sales mix changes
Marketing
Marketing
 general and administrative expenses decreased 
 driven by the substantial restructure of our business in China
Marketing
 general and administrative expenses increased 
 due to increases in marketing investments
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
(In millions
Marketing
Special items
Interest expense
Other income (expense)
Special items
See Part II&#8212;Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
Note 7
Marketing
Marketing
 general and administrative expenses increased in 
Marketing
 general and administrative expenses decreased slightly in 
Interest expense
 net
 driven primarily by lower interest expense recorded on our $300 million 2.0% notes due 2017 ($300 million notes) and our $500 million 3.5% notes due 2022 ($500 million notes) as a result of our interest rate swap hedges on these notes.
 driven by our ongoing efforts focused on deleveraging over the last year
 which resulted in lower interest incurred on our outstanding borrowings
 as well as an additional loss of $5.4 million included in 2013
Other income (expense)
The impact of transactional gains and losses is recorded within other income (expense). Other income includes $6.9 million of amortization expense related to commitment fees on the bridge loan for the year ended December 31
Additionally
&#32;in 2015 and 2013
 respectively
See Part&#160;II&#8212;Item&#160;8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
Note 5
Our primary sources of liquidity include cash provided by operating activities
 access to external borrowings and monetization of assets. We believe that cash flows from operations
 including distributions from MillerCoors
 and cash provided by short-term and long-term borrowings
 when necessary
 will be more than adequate to meet our ongoing operating requirements
 scheduled principal and interest payments on debt
 anticipated dividend payments and capital expenditures for the next twelve months
 and our long-term liquidity requirements. We expect to issue additional long-term debt to fund a portion of the $12.0 billion pending Acquisition
 as well as the related transaction costs. See below for additional information on the pending Acquisition. A significant portion of our trade receivables are concentrated in Europe. While these receivables are not concentrated with any specific customer and our allowance on these receivables factors in collectibility
A significant portion of our cash flows from operating activities is generated outside the U.S.
December&#160;31
 2015
 approximately 66% of our cash and cash equivalents were located outside the U.S.
 largely denominated in foreign currencies. Most of the amounts held outside of the U.S.&#160;could be repatriated to the U.S.
 but under current law
 would be subject to U.S.&#160;federal and state income taxes
 less applicable foreign tax credits. We accrue for U.S.&#160;federal and state tax consequences on the earnings of our foreign subsidiaries upon repatriation. When the earnings are considered indefinitely reinvested outside of the U.S.
 we do not accrue U.S. federal and state tax consequences. We utilize a variety of tax planning and financing strategies in an effort to ensure that our worldwide cash is available in the locations in which it is needed. We periodically review and evaluate these strategies
 including external committed and non-committed credit agreements accessible by MCBC and each of our operating subsidiaries. These financing arrangements
 along with the distributions received from MillerCoors
December&#160;31
 2015
December&#160;31
 2014
 we had debt-free net working capital of positive 
 respectively. Short-term borrowings and the current portion of long-term debt are excluded from net working capital as they are not reflective of the ongoing operational requirements of the business. The levels of working capital required to run our business fluctuate with the seasonality in our business. Our working capital is also sensitive to foreign exchange rates
 as a significant majority of current assets and current liabilities are denominated in either CAD or our European operating currencies such as
 but not limited to
 GBP
 Euro
 Czech Koruna
 Croatian Kuna
 Serbian Dinar
 New Romanian Leu
 Bulgarian Lev and Hungarian Forint
December 31
December 31
1
1
(1
(2
Note 2
&#32;for further discussion. Separately
 during the fourth quarter of 2015
 we prospectively adopted authoritative guidance requiring all deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities to be presented as non-current on the consolidated balance sheet. As a result
 all current deferred tax assets and liabilities were reclassified to non-current in our consolidated balance sheet as of December 31
 2015. Because we adopted this guidance prospectively
 the prior period balances have not been retrospectively adjusted and continue to reflect current and non-current classification as historically presented. As such
 comparability issues are present within the current and prior year balances in the table above. See Part&#160;II&#8212;Item 8 Financial Statements
Note 6
December&#160;31
 2014
December&#160;31
 2015
 is primarily related to an overall decrease in cash balances due to additional cash used in the current year to pay our discretionary cash contribution of $227.1 million made to our U.K. pension plan
 to repurchase shares of our Class B common stock
&#32;distribution rights in the U.K.
 as well as a decrease in our payables balance
&#32;and Part&#160;II&#8212;Item 8 Financial Statements
Note 12
Our business generates positive operating cash flows each year
 and our debt maturities are of a longer-term nature. However
 our liquidity could be impacted significantly by the risk factors described in Part&#160;I
 Item&#160;1A. Risk Factors.
. This decrease was primarily due to lower net income
 adjusted for lower non-cash add-backs
 along with unfavorable foreign currency movements
 higher cash paid for pension contributions
 including our $227.1 million discretionary payment to our U.K. pension plan
$1
. This increase was primarily due to higher net income
 adjusted for increased non-cash add-backs
 along with lower cash paid for pension contributions
 interest
 taxes and restructuring.
 increased by 
This decrease was primarily driven by lower net investments in MillerCoors
Further
&#32;primarily due to the sale of our interest in our Tradeteam joint venture to DHL as well as the sale of other non-core investment assets in 2013. See Part&#160;II&#8212;Item&#160;8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
Note 4
Note 5
 Other Income and Expense
This decrease is primarily driven by proceeds on our commercial paper program and other revolving credit facilities in 2015 compared to repayments in 2014. Specifically
&#32;in 2015 as well as increased repayments on our overdraft facilities
 payments for debt issuance costs  and dividend payments during 2015. 
The decrease in cash used in financing activities is primarily related to additional 2013 payments of long-term debt partially offset by additional 2014 net payments on revolving credit facilities and commercial paper. During 2013 we repaid the $575 million convertible bonds
 the &#8364;500 million convertible note (less the &#8364;44.9 million initially withheld) for 
Comparatively
 during 2014
 we released $61.4 million (&#8364;44.9 million) of the &#8364;500 million convertible note to the Seller. Additionally during 2014
 we made net payments of $513.9 million on our revolving credit facilities and commercial paper program compared to proceeds of $507.4 million in 2013. These payments in the current year were primarily driven by reducing the outstanding balances on our commercial paper borrowings and Euro-denominated revolving credit facility to zero. Additionally
our European notional cross-border
 cross currency cash pool within our Europe business of $74.1 million for 2014. Comparatively
 we were not in an overdraft position as of December 31
 2013
 or as of December 29
 2012
During 2014 we repaid $65.2 million on our remaining cross currency swaps
 which were extended and designated as a net investment hedge in the fourth quarter of 2011
The decrease in cash used in financing activities during 2014
 was also offset by a $43.9 million decrease in the proceeds from exercise of stock options
 including the related tax impact
See Part&#160;II&#8212;Item&#160;8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
Note 12
December&#160;31
 2015
December&#160;31
 2014
 primarily driven by unfavorable foreign currency movements
 lower underlying net income
 after considering non-cash adjustments
 lower net distributions from MillerCoors
 higher capital expenditures and higher cash paid for taxes
The following table provides a reconciliation of Underlying Free Cash Flow
 a non-GAAP measure
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
1
1
(1
(1
(1
1
1
1
Settlement of swaps
Included in net cash provided by operating activities. See Part&#160;II&#8212;Item&#160;8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
Note 7
Included in net cash provided by operating activities and reflects acquisition and financing costs paid associated with the pending Acquisition of MillerCoors
 LLC
&#32;global brand portfolio in 2015
Cash paid for settlement of forward starting interest rate swaps of $29.5 million related to the issuance of our CAD 500 million 2.75% notes due September 2020
 and CAD 400 million 2.25% notes due September 2018
 included in net cash provided by (used in) operating activities. Also includes the receipt of $18.8 million related to the early settlement of our fixed to float interest rate swaps associated with our $300 million 2% notes due on May 1
 2017
 and $500 million 3.5% notes due on May 1
 2022
The pending Acquisition is expected to be funded through cash on hand and financed through a combination of incremental debt and equity. Specifically
 in connection with the pending Acquisition
. In connection with the bridge loan
 during the year ended December 31
 2015
. Additionally
 on December 16
 2015
 we also entered into a Term Loan Agreement by and among us the lenders party thereto
 and Citibank
 N.A.
&#32;in a 5-year tranche
. In connection with the term loan
 during the year ended December 31
 2015
. As of December 31
 2015
 there are no borrowings on the bridge loan or term loan. We do not expect to draw on the bridge loan and we do not expect to have borrowings on the term loan until or near the completion of the pending Acquisition. On February 3
 2016
 we received proceeds of 
 net of issuance and other fees from our January 26
 2016
&#32;shares of our Class B common stock
 inclusive of the underwriters' option to purchase additional shares
 which reduced the commitment on our bridge loan to 
 representing the amount MCBC expects to replace with permanent long-term financing between now and the consummation of the pending Acquisition. Related to this expected long-term financing
 we entered into swaptions in January 2016 with a total notional of $855.0 million to hedge a portion of our anticipated long-term debt issuance. We intend to terminate and settle these swaptions upon maturity or immediately prior to the completion of the associated pending debt issuance in the event that occurs prior to maturity. Additionally
 in order to maximize the yield on the cash received from the equity issuance
 while maintaining liquidity
At this time
 we anticipate this acquisition will close in the second half of 2016
December&#160;31
 2015
 we had total cash and cash equivalents of 
December&#160;31
. The decrease in cash and cash equivalents at December&#160;31
 2015
 from December&#160;31
 2014
December&#160;31
 2015
 consisted of fixed-rate senior notes
 with maturities ranging from 2017 to 2042. The CAD 900 million 5.0% notes due 2015 were repaid during the third quarter of 2015 using the proceeds from the issuance of the CAD 500 million 2.75% notes due 2020 and CAD 400 million 2.25% notes due 2018
 which were both issued in September 2015 (collectively the 2015 Notes). Beginning in the second quarter of 2014
 we entered into forward starting interest rate swap agreements to manage our exposure to the volatility of the interest rates associated with future interest payments on the forecasted debt issuance. Under the agreements
 we were required to early terminate these swaps at the approximate time we issued the previously forecasted debt. At the time of issuance of the 2015 Notes
 the government of Canada bond rates were trading at a yield lower than that locked in by the interest rate swaps
 resulting in an aggregate loss of CAD 39.2 million ($29.5 million at settlement)
 which was recorded in other comprehensive income. During 2014
 we also entered into interest rate swaps to economically convert our fixed rate $500 million 3.5% notes due 2022 to floating rate debt. Additionally
 in the first quarter of 2015
 we entered into interest rate swaps with an aggregate notional amount of $300 million and a cross currency swap with a notional amount of EUR 265 million ($300 million upon execution) to economically convert our fixed rate $300 million 2.0% notes due in 2017 to floating rate
 Euro denominated debt. During the fourth quarter of 2015
 we voluntarily cash settled all of our interest rate swaps which resulted in cash receipts of $18.8 million as well as our cross currency swap which resulted in cash receipts of $16.0 million. We also hold short-term borrowings primarily related to overdrafts on our cross-border cash pool arrangement and revolving credit facilities. See Part&#160;II&#8212;Item 8 Financial Statements
Note 12
Based on the credit profile of our lenders that are party to our credit facilities
December&#160;31
 2015
December&#160;31
 2015
commercial paper program. We also have Japanese Yen (JPY) and Euro (EUR) uncommitted lines of credit
Under the terms of each of our debt facilities
 we must comply with certain restrictions. These include restrictions on priority indebtedness (certain threshold percentages of secured consolidated net tangible assets)
 leverage thresholds
 liens
 and restrictions on certain types of sale lease-back transactions. The covenants specify that our leverage ratio cannot exceed 3.5x debt to EBITDA
December&#160;31
 2015
December&#160;31
 2014
 we were in compliance with all of these restrictions and have met all debt payment obligations. As part of the pending Acquisition
&#32;revolving multi-currency credit facility due in 2019 to increase the maximum leverage ratio to 5.75x debt to EBITDA effective following the completion of the acquisition
See Part&#160;II&#8212;Item&#160;8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
Note 12
&#32;of the Notes for a complete discussion and presentation of all borrowings and available sources of borrowing
During 2015
 we made contributions to our defined benefit pension plans of 
On February 10
 2015
&#32;of our Class A and Class B common stock. During 2015
. As a result of the pending Acquisition
During 2015
 we paid quarterly dividends of $0.41 per share
&#32;payments during 2015. As a result of the pending Acquisition
 we plan to maintain our current quarterly dividend of $0.41 per share as we pay down debt
Our current long-term credit ratings are BBB-/Stable Outlook
 Baa2/Negative Outlook
 BBB/Negative Outlook and BBB/Negative Outlook with Standard and Poor's
 Moody's Investor Services
 Fitch Ratings and DBRS
 respectively. Similarly
 our short-term credit ratings are A-2
 Prime-2
 F2 and R-2
 respectively.&#160;A securities rating is not a recommendation to buy
 sell or hold securities
Foreign exchange risk is inherent in our operations primarily due to the significant operating results that are denominated in currencies other than USD. Our approach is to reduce the volatility of cash flows and reported earnings which result from currency fluctuations rather than business related factors. Therefore
 we closely monitor our operations in each country and seek to adopt appropriate strategies that are responsive to foreign currency fluctuations. Our financial risk management policy is intended to offset a portion of the potentially unfavorable impact of exchange rate changes on net income and earnings per share. See Part&#160;II&#8212;Item&#160;8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
Note 16
Our consolidated financial statements are presented in USD
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
 2015
December&#160;31
 2014
December 31
 2013
Foreign currencies in the countries in which we operate
 specifically the CAD
 EUR
 GBP
 CZK
 HRK and RSD
 devalued significantly over the last year which had a significant impact on our 2015 USD reported earnings. If these rates continue to devalue in 2016
 then the impact on USD reported earnings may be material.
 we incurred $269.1 million
 and paid 
 on capital improvement projects worldwide
 which excludes capital spending by MillerCoors and other equity method joint ventures
&#32;capital expenditures incurred of $291.3 million
&#32;of approximately $300&#160;million
 based on foreign exchange rates as of December 31
 2015
 excluding MillerCoors and other equity method joint ventures or consideration of the potential implications of the pending Acquisition. The increase in planned expenditures for 2016 from 2015 is primarily due to planned supply chain capital projects in Canada
 including the costs of construction of an efficient and flexible brewery in British Columbia following the sale of our Vancouver brewery in early 2016
We have increased our focus on where and how we employ our planned capital expenditures
December&#160;31
 2015
December&#160;31
 2015
2
1
1
1
2
7
1
1
3
See Part II - Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
Note 12
 Debt
Note 15
 Employee Retirement Plans and Postretirement Benefits
Note 16
Note 18
December&#160;31
 2015
 of our defined benefit pension plans (excluding our overfunded plans) and postretirement benefit plans is 
 respectively. Defined benefit pension plan contributions in future years will vary based on a number of factors
 including actual plan asset returns and interest rates
 and as such
 have been excluded from the above table. We fund pension plans to meet the requirements set forth in applicable employee benefits laws. We may also voluntarily increase funding levels to meet financial goals. Pension contributions and postretirement benefit payments on a consolidated basis (excluding MillerCoors
. Excluding MillerCoors
 BRI and BDL
Our U.K. pension plan is subject to a statutory valuation for funding purposes every three years. The most recent valuation as of June 30
 2013
&#32;at payment date) which was paid in January 2015
&#32;to be made from January 2017 through December 2026
We have taken numerous steps in recent years to reduce our exposure to these long-term pension obligations
 including the closure of the U.K. pension plan in early 2009 to future earning of service credit and benefit modifications in several of our Canada plans. However
 given the net liability of these plans and their dependence upon the global financial markets for their financial health
December&#160;31
 2015
$1
&#32;of the total other long-term obligations relate to long-term supply contracts with third parties to purchase raw material
&#32;relates to commitments associated with Tradeteam in the U.K. Our aggregate commitments for advertising and promotions
 including sports sponsorship
. The remaining amounts relate to derivative payments
 sales and marketing
 distribution
 information technology services
&#32;of unrecognized tax benefits
 excluding positions we would expect to settle using deferred tax assets
&#32;of indemnities provided to FEMSA for which we cannot reasonably estimate the timing of future cash flows
We guarantee indebtedness and other obligations to banks and other third parties for some of our equity investments and consolidated subsidiaries. See Part&#160;II&#8212;Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
Note 18
December&#160;31
We are party to various legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business
 environmental litigation and indemnities associated with our sale of Kaiser to FEMSA. Additionally
 during the first quarter of 2015 and fourth quarter of 2014
 we received assessments from a local country regulatory authority related to our Europe operations.&#160;While we intend to vigorously challenge the validity of the assessment and defend our position
 if the assessments
 as issued
 are ultimately upheld
 they could materially affect our results of operations. See Part&#160;II&#8212;Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
Note 18
In accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
 our operating leases are not reflected in our consolidated balance sheets. See Part&#160;II&#8212;Item 8 Financial Statements
Note 18
&#32;of the Notes for further discussion of these off-balance sheet arrangements (as defined in Item&#160;303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation&#160;S-K). As of December 31
 2015
 we did not have any other material off-balance sheet arrangements.
 we will continue our relentless focus on delighting our consumers and our customers to ensure we are the first choice brewer in the geographies and segments in which we operate. We will also continue to drive our strategy of building a stronger brand portfolio that is delivering value-added innovation
 strengthening our core brand positions and increasing our share in above premium
 flavored malt beverages
 craft and cider. We will do this while ensuring that we have a meaningful cost base and a deeply embedded focus on our approach to generating higher returns for our invested capital
In Canada
&#32;we expect to significantly increase programming and further evolve our communications with a new campaign building on learnings from 2015. In above premium
Coors Banquet
 Belgian Moon
Molson Canadian Cider
. Building on that momentum
&#32;brand and also our ciders
 which have been exceeding growth expectations. Finally
Heineken
&#32;other top-end import brands
Sol
&#32;trading brands in Canada at the start of the new year. In 2016
 we will also continue to restructure our business to ensure we are fit for the future
 including the sale of our Vancouver brewery
In the U.S.
 MillerCoors began to drive substantial changes to the business in the latter half of 2015 that were necessary to create the foundation for volume growth we aim to achieve by 2019. In American light lagers
 the revitalization of our two largest brands is progressing well
&#32;for the first time since MillerCoors was formed nearly 8 years ago. In above premium
 MillerCoors continue to focus on higher-margin offerings that can scale and stick
. In hard cider
&#32;by adding a bottle package to our line-up. In early January
 to strengthen our flavored malt beverage portfolio
 we launched 
of our economy brands
 which have presented challenges on our volume trends. MillerCoors will continue to build first choice customer partnerships
 working with our distributors to bring more resources to the on-premise with our Building with Beer retail strategy
In Europe
&#32;contract in the U.K. will continue to present a headwind in the first quarter of 2016
 as will the new amortization expense for the brands that we impaired and moved to definite lived during the third quarter of 2015. We will continue to invest in our core brand portfolio across Europe to grow share of segment. We also intend to continue to invest in our above premium portfolio. Starting in 2016
&#32;in the U.K. and Republic of Ireland to contribute with more than 350
&#32;craft brands in Republic of Ireland and the acquisition of the brewing and kegging operation of Thomas Hardy's Burtonwood brewery in England
 we now have a broad range of consumer and customer offerings in the above premium
 craft and cider segments across the U.K. and Republic of Ireland. Additionally
 we are implementing significant new initiatives to further improve the efficiency and effectiveness of our European operations and to provide more resources to invest in driving&#160;top-line and bottom-line growth.&#160;As the two most recent examples
 we closed one of our breweries in Bulgaria in November 2015
MCI is focused on attaining profitability in 2016 on a constant-currency basis versus 2013
 when we made this commitment
 and continuing to accelerate our overall growth and expansion in new and existing markets. Upon closing on the pending Acquisition
&#32;brands into our international portfolio and leverage a footprint that complements our growth strategy and allows us to gain entrance into high-priority markets
in Latin America
 including the high-potential Colombia market
 where we launched in the fourth quarter of 2015. In the future
 we expect 
&#32;marketing
 general and administrative expense in Corporate to be approximately $120 million.
December&#160;31
. MillerCoors
 BRI and BDL pension expense and contributions to their respective defined benefit pension plans are excluded here
The most important strategic development of 2015
 which we expect to significantly advance our ambition to be the first choice for consumers and customers
 is our definitive agreement to purchase the remaining 58% of SABMiller&#8217;s economic interest and 50% voting interest in MillerCoors as well as all trademarks
&#32;brand portfolio outside of the U.S. and Puerto Rico. We anticipate the pending Acquisition to close in the second half of 2016
 subject to necessary regulatory approvals and contingent on the successful closing of the ABI/SABMiller transaction. We expect to replace the outstanding commitment on our bridge loan with long-term financing to partially fund the pending Acquisition. We expect to incur increased general and administrative expenses
 as well as non-operating expenses as a result of the pending Acquisition including transactional costs
 current temporary financing costs
 as well as costs associated with our anticipated long-term financing. 
 excluding interest related to the pending Acquisition
December&#160;31
Our tax rate is volatile and may move up or down with changes in
 among other things
 the amount and source of income or loss
 our ability to utilize foreign tax credits
 changes in tax laws
 and the movement of liabilities established pursuant to accounting guidance for uncertain tax positions as statutes of limitations expire
 positions are effectively settled or when additional information becomes available. Excluding any effects of the pending Acquisition
effective tax rate to be in the range of 18% to 22%. After 2016
 we expect our underlying effective tax rate to be near the low end of our long term range of 20% to 24%
 assuming no further changes in tax laws
 settlement of tax audits
 adjustments to our uncertain tax positions
 or significant acquisitions or divestitures. There are proposed or pending tax law changes in various jurisdictions in which we do business that
 if enacted
 may have an impact on our underlying effective tax rate. Additionally
As a result of the pending Acquisition
 we plan to maintain our current quarterly dividend of $0.41 per share as we pay down debt
Our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. In connection with the preparation of our consolidated financial statements
 we are required to make judgments and estimates that significantly affect the reported amounts of assets
 liabilities
 revenues and expenses and related disclosures. Our estimates are based on historical experience
 current trends and various other assumptions we believe to be relevant under the circumstances. We review the underlying factors used in our estimates regularly
 including reviewing the significant accounting policies impacting the estimates
 to ensure compliance with U.S. GAAP. However
 due to the uncertainty inherent in our estimates
For a complete description of our significant accounting policies
 see Part&#160;II&#8212;Item&#160;8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
Note 1
Our defined benefit pension plans cover certain current and former employees in Canada
 the U.K. (within our Europe segment) and Japan (within our MCI segment). Our other postretirement benefit (OPEB) plans provide medical benefits for retirees and their eligible dependents as well as life insurance for certain retirees in Canada
 the U.S.
 and Europe. The Canada and U.K. defined benefit pension plans are primarily funded
Accounting for pension and OPEB plans requires that we make assumptions that involve considerable judgment which are significant inputs in the actuarial models that measure our net pension and OPEB obligations and ultimately impact our earnings. These include the discount rate
 long-term expected rate of return on assets
 compensation trends
 inflation considerations
 health care cost trends and other assumptions
Specifically
 the discount rates
 as well as the expected rates of return on assets and plan asset fair value determination
 are important assumptions used in determining the plans' funded status and annual net periodic pension and OPEB benefit costs. We evaluate these critical assumptions at least annually on a plan and country-specific basis. We also
 with the help of actuaries
 periodically evaluate other assumptions involving demographic factors
 such as retirement age
 mortality and turnover
 and update them to reflect our experience and expectations for the future. While we believe that our assumptions are appropriate
The assumed discount rates are used to present-value future benefit obligations based on each plan's respective duration. The Canada pension and postretirement discount rates are based on our annual evaluation of high quality corporate bonds in the Canada market based on appropriate indices and actuarial guidance. The U.K. pension discount rate is based on information obtained from our actuary and reviewed in comparison with a published bond index reflective of the duration of our defined benefit pension obligations. We believe that our discount rate assumptions are appropriate; however
December&#160;31
 2015
 on a weighted-average basis
December&#160;31
 2014
December&#160;31
 2015
December 31
The assumed long-term expected return on assets (&#8220;EROA&#8221;) is used to estimate the actual return that will occur on each individual funded plan's respective plan assets in the upcoming year. We determine each plan's EROA with substantial input from independent investment specialists
 including our actuaries and other consultants. In developing each plan's EROA
 we consider current and expected asset allocations
 historical market rates as well as historical and expected returns on each plan's individual asset classes. In developing future return expectations for each of our plan's assets
 we evaluate general market trends as well as key elements of asset class returns such as expected earnings growth
 yields and spreads. The calculation includes inputs for interest
 inflation
 credit
 and risk premium (active investment management) rates and fees paid to service providers. Based on the above factors and expected asset allocations
 we have assumed
 on a weighted-average basis
. We believe that our EROA assumptions are appropriate; however
Our EROA assumptions are applied to each of our plan's assets using the market-related value
 which utilizes a delayed approach to recognition of asset-related gains and losses to reduce volatility resulting from significant market movements. Specifically
 while employer contributions and realized gains and losses (such as dividends received or gains and losses on sales of assets) are reflected immediately in the market-related value of assets
 each year's unrealized gains and losses are amortized into the market-related value over five years. Therefore
 significant divergences of actual returns from expected returns may not have an immediate impact on each of our plan's future net periodic pension costs; rather
 such differences will be amortized over the five years following the event. Therefore
difference between each plan's projected benefit obligation (&#8220;PBO&#8221;) and its assets' fair values. The fair value of plan assets is determined by us using available market information and appropriate valuation methodologies. However
 considerable judgment is required in selecting an appropriate methodology and interpreting market data to develop the estimates of fair value
Equity assets are diversified between domestic and other international investments. Relative allocations reflect the demographics of the respective plan participants. See Part&#160;II&#8212;Item&#160;8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
Note 15
December&#160;31
Our net periodic pension and postretirement benefit costs are also influenced by the potential amortization (or non-amortization) from accumulated other comprehensive income of deferred gains and losses
 which occur when actual experience differs from estimates. We employ the corridor approach for determining each plan's amortization. This approach defines the &#8220;corridor&#8221; as the greater of 10% of the PBO or 10% of the market-related value of plan assets (as discussed above) and requires amortization of the excess net gain or loss that exceeds the corridor over the average remaining service periods of active plan participants in Canada. As our U.K. plan is closed
 the average remaining life expectancy of all plan participants (including retirees) is used. If our actuarial losses significantly exceed this corridor in the future
 significant incremental pension and postretirement costs could result. As of year end 
 the deferred losses of several of our Canadian plans
 as well as those in our U.K. plan
The assumed health care cost trend rates represent the rates at which health care costs are assumed to increase and are based on actuarial input and consideration of historical and expected experience. We use these trends as a significant assumption in determining our postretirement benefit obligation and related costs. Changes in our projections of future health care costs due to general economic conditions and those specific to health care will impact this trend rate. An increase in the trend rate would increase our obligation and expense of our postretirement health care plan. We believe that our health care cost trend rate assumptions are appropriate; however
December&#160;31
 2015
&#32;to 4.5% in 2028
December&#160;31
. See Part&#160;II&#8212;Item&#160;8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
Note 15
December&#160;31
Contingencies
Contingencies
 environmental and litigation reserves are recorded
 when probable
 using our best estimate of loss. This estimate
 involving significant judgment
 is based on an evaluation of the range of loss related to such matters and where the amount and range can be reasonably estimated. These matters are generally resolved over a number of years and only when one or more future events occur or fail to occur. Following our initial determination
 we regularly reassess and revise the potential liability related to any pending matters as new information becomes available. Unless capitalization is allowed or required by U.S. GAAP
 environmental and legal costs are expensed when incurred. We disclose pending loss contingencies when the loss is deemed reasonably possible
 which requires significant judgment. As a result of the inherent uncertainty of these matters
 the ultimate conclusion and actual cost of settlement may materially differ from our estimates. We recognize contingent gains upon the determination that realization is assured beyond a reasonable doubt
 regardless of the perceived probability of a favorable outcome prior to achieving that assurance. In the instance of gain contingencies resulting from favorable litigation
 due to the numerous uncertainties inherent in a legal proceeding
 gain contingencies resulting from legal settlements are not recognized in income until cash or other forms of payment are received. If significant and probable
See Part I&#8212;Item 3 Legal Proceedings and Part&#160;II&#8212;Item&#160;8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
Note 18
&#32;of the Notes for a discussion of our contingencies
December&#160;31
Goodwill is allocated to the reporting unit in which the business that created the goodwill resides. A reporting unit is an operating segment
 or a business unit one level below that operating segment
 for which discrete financial information is prepared and regularly reviewed by segment management. The operations in each of the specific regions within our Canada
 Europe and MCI segments are components based on the availability of discrete financial information and the regular review by segment management. Therefore
determine if the components have similar economic characteristics. As a result
 in certain cases
 we have aggregated business units
 within an operating segment
 into one reporting unit if the specific aggregation criteria under U.S. GAAP is met. Specifically
 we have concluded that the components within the Canada and Europe segment each meet the criteria as having similar economic characteristics and therefore have aggregated these components into the Canada and Europe reporting units
 respectively. Therefore
 the Canada and Europe reporting units are consistent with our operating segments. However
 for our India business
&#32;distribution rights in Canada
We evaluate the carrying value of our goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment at least annually or when an interim triggering event occurs that would indicate that impairment may have taken place. Consistent with 2014
 our annual impairment test was performed as of October 1
Our annual evaluation involves comparing each reporting unit's fair value to its respective carrying value
 including goodwill. If the fair value exceeds carrying value
 then we conclude that no goodwill impairment has occurred. If a reporting unit's carrying value exceeds its fair value
 a second step is required to measure possible goodwill impairment loss. This step
 if required
 would include valuing all tangible and intangible assets and liabilities of the reporting unit
 excluding goodwill. Then
goodwill. If the carrying value of the reporting unit's goodwill were to exceed the implied fair value of the goodwill
We use a combination of discounted cash flow analyses and market approaches to determine the fair value of each of our reporting units
 and an excess earnings approach to determine the fair values of our indefinite-lived intangible assets. Our discounted cash flow projections include assumptions for growth rates for sales
 costs and profits
 which are based on various long-range financial and operational plans of each reporting unit or each indefinite-lived intangible asset. Additionally
 discount rates used in our goodwill analysis are based on weighted-average cost of capital
 driven by the prevailing interest rates in geographies where these businesses operate
 as well as the credit ratings
 financing abilities and opportunities of each reporting unit
 among other factors. Discount rates for the indefinite-lived intangible analysis by brand largely reflect the rates supporting the overall reporting unit valuation but may differ slightly to adjust for country or market specific risk associated with a particular brand. Our market-based valuations utilize earnings multiples of comparable public companies
 which are reflective of the market in which each respective reporting unit operates
Changes in the factors used in our fair value estimates
 including declines in industry or company-specific beer volume sales
 margin erosion
 termination of brewing and/or distribution agreements with other brewers
 and discount rates used
&#32;annual goodwill impairment testing determined that while our Canada reporting unit improved from the prior year
 our Europe reporting unit declined and was determined to be at risk of failing step one of the goodwill impairment test. Specifically
&#32;in excess of carrying value
 respectively
 as of the October 1
 2015
 testing date. The excess of the fair value over the carrying value of the Europe reporting unit declined from the prior year. The decrease was driven by continued challenging macroeconomic conditions in Europe negatively impacting our business
 as well as declines in the forecasts of certain European brands
 which have been adversely impacted by competitive pressures and a continued shift in consumer trends towards value brands. These impacts were partially offset by a lower discount rate. The Canada reporting unit had an increase to the fair value in excess of the carrying value from the prior year primarily due to a lower discount rate
 an improved forecast primarily driven by cost savings initiatives and improved market multiples. Although the fair value in excess of the carrying value has increased for the Canada reporting unit from the October 1
 2014
 testing date
 the fair value is sensitive to potential unfavorable changes in forecasted cash flows
 macroeconomic conditions
 market multiples or discount rates that could have an adverse impact. The fair value of the India reporting unit was deemed to approximate the carrying value due to purchase price accounting performed as of April 1
 2015
 for the Mount Shivalik acquisition
Prior to the annual impairment testing date of October 1
 2015
 and during the third quarter of 2015
assumptions supporting the value of the brands. Specific changes included under-performance through the 2015 peak season which drove a downward shift in management's forecasts
 a challenging macroeconomic environment and competitive conditions not expected to subside in the near-term
 as well as higher discount rates associated with these brands. As a result
 we recorded an aggregate impairment charge across various European brands
 including 
&#32;within special items in the third quarter of 2015. Compared to previously made assumptions
&#32;in 2013 related to European indefinite-lived brands as a result of our 2014 and 2013 annual impairment testing
 respectively. The remaining Europe indefinite-lived intangibles' fair values
&#32;brands
 while they faced similar macroeconomic challenges
In conjunction with the interim brand impairment review performed during the third quarter
 we also reassessed each brand's indefinite-life classification and determined that those brands which had been impaired had characteristics that indicated a definite-life assignment was more appropriate including continued pressure on these brands given the geographical markets and price segments in which they participate. Specifically
 significant competition from the value segment
 which has challenged the segment in which these brands operate with continued stress on these brands driven by on-going macroeconomic conditions. These brands were therefore reclassified as definite-lived intangible assets as of September 30
 2015
Separately
&#32;core brands in excess of carrying value decreased marginally from the prior year
December&#160;31
 2015
We utilized Level 3 fair value measurements in our impairment analysis of our indefinite-lived intangible assets
&#32;core brand intangible asset are at risk of future impairment in the event of significant unfavorable changes in the forecasted cash flows (including prolonged
 or further weakening of
 adverse economic conditions or significant unfavorable changes in tax
 environmental or other regulations
 including interpretations thereof)
 terminal growth rates
 market transaction multiples and/or weighted-average cost of capital utilized in the discounted cash flow analyses. For testing purposes
 management's best estimates of the expected future results are the primary driver in determining the fair value. Current projections used for our Europe reporting unit testing reflect continued challenging environments in the future followed by growth resulting from a longer term recovery of the macroeconomic environment
&#32;core brand projections also reflect a continued challenging environment that has been adversely impacted by a weak economy across all industries
 as well as weakened consumer demand driven by increased competitive pressures
 partially offset by anticipated cost savings and specific brand-building and innovation activities. Fair value determinations require considerable judgment and are sensitive to changes in underlying assumptions and factors. As a result
 there can be no assurance that the estimates and assumptions made for purposes of the annual goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible impairment tests will prove to be an accurate prediction of the future. Examples of events or circumstances that could reasonably be expected to negatively affect the underlying key assumptions and ultimately impact the estimated fair value of our reporting units and indefinite-lived intangibles may include such items as: (i) a decrease in expected future cash flows
 specifically
 a decrease in sales volume and increase in costs that could significantly impact our immediate and long-range results
 a decrease in sales volume driven by a prolonged weakness in consumer demand or other competitive pressures adversely affecting our long term volume trends
 a continuation of the trend away from core brands in certain of our markets
 especially in markets where our core brands represent a significant portion of the market
 unfavorable working capital changes and an inability to successfully achieve our cost savings targets
 (ii)&#160;adverse changes in macroeconomic conditions or an economic recovery that significantly differs from our assumptions in timing and/or degree (such as a recession or worsening of the overall European economy)
 (iii)&#160;volatility in the equity and debt markets or other country specific factors which could result in a higher weighted-average cost of capital
 (iv) sensitivity to market multiples; and (v) regulation limiting or banning the manufacturing
Our analysis of the Canada reporting unit and related indefinite-lived intangible brand assets included consideration of the  New Framework with the Province of Ontario
 which became effective as of January 1
 2016
&#32;annual tax on all beer volume sold in Ontario (which will be phased in over four years beginning January 1
 2016)
 restrictions on price increases for certain packaging types of the largest Ontario brands until the second quarter of 2017
&#32;of capital spending through 2018
 increasing the number and types of outlets where beer is sold
 increasing the required level of shelf space allocated to small brewers in retail outlets
Based on known facts and circumstances
 we evaluate and consider other recent events and uncertain items
 as well as related potential implications
 as part of our annual assessment and incorporate into the analyses as appropriate.&#160;These facts and circumstances are subject to change and may impact future analyses.
&#32;and for our Canada and Europe reporting units
&#32;for our Canada and Europe reporting units
 respectively. In 
&#32;considering the country specific risk premium for each geography in which our brands are based. The decrease in the discount rates is primarily due to a reduction in the unsystematic risk premium as we refined inputs compared to those used in our historical discounted cash flow analyses as well as reduction in risk free rates between testing dates. Consistent with the prior year testing
 we assessed qualitative factors to determine whether it was more likely than not that the fair value of our water rights
 an indefinite-lived intangible
While historical performance and current expectations have resulted in fair values of our reporting units in excess of carrying values
 if our assumptions are not realized
 it is possible that an impairment charge may need to be recorded in the future. For example
 a 50 basis point increase in our discount rate assumptions
 which is within a reasonable range of historical discount rate fluctuations between test dates
&#32;core brands as of the October 1
 2015
Impact to the fair value cushion as of October 1
Post sensitivity
 the fair values of the Europe and Canada reporting units remain in excess of the their carrying values. The negative cushion associated with the Molson core brands would imply impairment if the discount rate assumptions used in the October 1
 2015
Regarding definite-lived intangibles
. In addition
&#32;or 2013
 with the exception of the license agreement settlement and preceding litigation with Miller in Canada
&#32;and $17.9 million of impairment charges of our definite-lived intangible asset in 2014 and 2013
 respectively. We utilized Level 3 fair value measurements in our impairment analysis of this definite-lived intangible asset
 which included cash flow assumptions by management related to the transition period. See Part&#160;II&#8212;Item&#160;8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
Note 11
December&#160;31
 2015
 the carrying values of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets were 
 respectively. If actual performance results differ significantly from our projections or we experience significant fluctuations in our other assumptions
 a material impairment charge may occur in the future. See Part&#160;II&#8212;Item&#160;8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
Note 11
Income taxes are accounted for in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Judgment is required in determining our worldwide provision for income taxes. In the ordinary course of our global business
 there are many transactions for which the ultimate tax outcome is uncertain. Additionally
We are periodically subject to tax return audits by both foreign and domestic tax authorities
 which can involve questions regarding our tax positions. Settlement of any challenge resulting from these audits can result in no change
 a complete disallowance
 or some partial adjustment reached through negotiations or litigation. We recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained based on its technical merits. We measure and record the tax benefits from such a position based on the largest benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. Our estimated liabilities related to these matters are adjusted in the period in which the uncertain tax position is effectively settled
 the statute of limitations for examination expires or when additional information becomes available. Our liability for unrecognized tax benefits requires the use of assumptions and significant judgment to estimate the exposures associated with our various filing positions. Although we believe that the judgments and estimates made are reasonable
We annually receive cash from our foreign subsidiaries&#8217; current year earnings. Separately
December&#160;31
 2015
 as indefinitely reinvested under the accounting guidance and accordingly have not provided for any U.S. or foreign tax thereon. In order to arrive at this conclusion
 we considered factors including
 but not limited to
 past experience
 domestic cash requirements and distributions from MillerCoors
 as well as cash requirements to satisfy the ongoing operations
December&#160;31
 2015
&#32;of undistributed earnings and profits attributable to foreign subsidiaries was considered to be indefinitely invested. Our intention is to permanently reinvest the earnings outside of the U.S. It is not practicable to determine the amount of incremental taxes that might arise were these earnings to be remitted. The amount of tax payable could be impacted by the jurisdiction in which a distribution was made
 the amount of the distribution
 foreign withholding taxes under applicable tax laws when distributed
 relevant tax treaties and foreign tax credits. While it is not practical to determine the amount of tax
We record a valuation allowance to reduce our deferred tax assets to the amount that is more likely than not to be realized. We evaluate our ability to realize the tax benefits associated with deferred tax assets by assessing the adequacy of future expected taxable income
 including the reversal of existing temporary differences
 historical and projected operating results
 and the availability of prudent and feasible tax planning strategies. The realization of tax benefits is evaluated by jurisdiction and the realizability of these assets can vary based on the character of the tax attribute and the carryforward periods specific to each jurisdiction. In the event we were to determine that we would be able to realize our deferred tax assets in the future in excess of its net recorded amount
 an adjustment to the deferred tax asset would decrease income tax expense in the period a determination was made. Likewise
 should we determine that we would not be able to realize all or part of our net deferred tax asset in the future
In May 2014
 the FASB issued authoritative guidance related to new accounting requirements for the recognition of revenue from contracts with customers. The core principle of the guidance is that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled to in exchange for the goods or services. In August 2015
 the FASB affirmed its proposal to defer the effective date of the new revenue recognition standard for all entities by one year. As a result
 the requirements of the new standard are effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2017
 and interim periods within those annual periods. In conjunction with the deferral
 the FASB will permit all entities to apply the new revenue recognition standard early
See Part&#160;II-Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
Note 2
In the normal course of business
 we actively manage our exposure to various market risks by entering into various supplier-based and market-based hedging transactions
The counterparties to our market-based transactions are generally highly rated institutions. We perform assessments of their credit risk regularly. Our market-based transactions include a variety of derivative financial instruments
We are exposed to volatility in interest rates with regard to current and future debt offerings. Primary exposures include U.S. Treasury rates
 Canadian government rates and LIBOR. To mitigate this exposure as it pertains to future debt offerings and to achieve our desired fixed-to-floating rate debt profile
We use commodities in the production and distribution of our products. To manage the related price risk for these costs
 we utilize market-based derivatives and long-term supplier-based contracts. Our primary objective when entering into these transactions is to achieve price certainty for commodities used in our supply chain. We manage our exposures through a combination of purchase orders
Details of market-risk sensitive debt
December&#160;31
 2015
December&#160;31
 2014
 respectively. See Part&#160;II&#8212;Item&#160;8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
Note 16
December 31
December 31
CAD 900&#160;million
 5.0% fixed rate
1
1
(1
(1
Our market sensitive derivative and other financial instruments
 as defined by the Securities and Exchange Commission
 are debt
 foreign currency forward contracts
 interest rate swaps and commodity swaps. We monitor foreign exchange risk
 interest rate risk
The following table presents the results of the sensitivity analysis
 which reflects the impact of a hypothetical 10% adverse change in each of these risks to our derivative and debt portfolios
 with the exception of interest rate risk to our interest rate swaps in which we have applied an absolute 1% adverse change to the respective instrument's interest rate. The volatility of the applicable rates and prices are dependent on many factors that cannot be forecast with reliable accuracy. Therefore
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three years ended December 31
 2015
 December&#160;31
 2014
 and December 31
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the three years ended December 31
 2015
 December&#160;31
 2014
 and December 31
Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31
 2015
 and December&#160;31
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the three years ended December 31
 2015
 December&#160;31
 2014
 and December 31
Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity and Noncontrolling Interests for the three years ended December 31
 2015
 December&#160;31
 2014
 and December 31
The preparation
 integrity and objectivity of the financial statements and all other financial information included in this annual report are the responsibility of the management of Molson Coors Brewing Company. The financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States
December&#160;31
. In making this assessment
. Based upon its assessment
 management concluded that
December&#160;31
 2015
PricewaterhouseCoopers&#160;LLP
 the Company's independent registered public accounting firm
 provides an objective
 independent audit of the consolidated financial statements and internal control over financial reporting. Their accompanying report is based upon an examination conducted in accordance with standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States)
 including tests of accounting procedures
The Board of Directors
 operating through its Audit Committee composed of independent
 outside directors
 monitors the Company's accounting control systems and reviews the results of the Company's auditing activities. The Audit Committee meets at least quarterly
 either separately or jointly
 with representatives of management
 PricewaterhouseCoopers&#160;LLP
 and internal auditors. To ensure complete independence
February&#160;11
February&#160;11
In our opinion
 the consolidated financial statements listed in the accompanying index present fairly
 in all material respects
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
 2014
December&#160;31
&#32;in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.  In addition
 in our opinion
 the financial statement schedule listed in the index appearing under Item 15(a)(2) presents fairly
 in all material respects
 the information set forth therein when read in conjunction with the related consolidated financial statements.  Also in our opinion
 the Company maintained
 in all material respects
December&#160;31
(2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO).  The Company's management is responsible for these financial statements and financial statement schedule
 for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting
 included in Management's Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 9A.  Our responsibility is to express opinions on these financial statements
 on the financial statement schedule
 and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our integrated audits.  We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States).  Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects.  Our audits of the financial statements included examining
 on a test basis
 evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements
 assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
 and evaluating the overall financial statement presentation.  Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting
 assessing the risk that a material weakness exists
As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements
 the Company changed the manner in which it accounts for deferred tax assets and liabilities based upon the early adoption of Accounting Standards Update 2015-17
A company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.  A company's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that
 in reasonable detail
 accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
 and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use
Because of its inherent limitations
 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also
 projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
Denver
February&#160;11
(IN MILLIONS
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
5
5
5
(1
(1
(1
3
4
4
(2
(2
(2
1
1
1
Marketing
(1
(1
(1
Special items
Other income (expense)
Other income (expense)
Total other income (expense)
Income (loss) from discontinued operations
Income (loss) from discontinued operations
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
Other comprehensive income (loss)
Total other comprehensive income (loss)
(1
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
Trade
 less allowance for doubtful accounts of $8.7 and $11.5
Other receivables
 less allowance for doubtful accounts of $0.8 and $0.8
Maintenance and operating supplies
 less allowance for obsolete supplies of $5.1 and $5.0
1
1
Properties
 less accumulated depreciation of $1
390.1 and $1
343.2
1
1
1
2
Other intangibles
 less accumulated amortization of $341.8 and $359.6
4
5
2
2
Notes receivable
 less allowance for doubtful accounts of $1.9 and $1.6
12
13
(IN MILLIONS
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
Accounts payable and other current liabilities (includes affiliate payable amounts of $10.6 and $21.4
1
1
1
2
2
2
5
6
Preferred stock
Class&#160;A common stock
 $0.01 par value (authorized: 500.0 shares; issued and outstanding: 2.6&#160;shares and 2.6 shares
Class&#160;B common stock
 $0.01 par value (authorized: 500.0 shares; issued: 172.5&#160;shares and 169.9 shares
Class&#160;A exchangeable shares
 no par value (issued and outstanding: 2.9&#160;shares and 2.9 shares
Class&#160;B exchangeable shares
 no par value (issued and outstanding: 16.0&#160;shares and 17.6&#160;shares
4
3
4
4
(1
Class B common stock held in treasury at cost (9.5 shares and 7.5 shares
7
7
7
7
12
13
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
(Gain) loss on sale or impairment of properties and other assets
Unrealized (gain) loss on foreign currency fluctuations and derivative instruments
Interest expense
1
1
Acquisition of businesses
(1
(1
(1
1
1
1
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
(1
(1
Note 1
Balance at December 29
7
3
3
Other comprehensive income (loss)
Balance at December 31
8
4
3
Other comprehensive income (loss)
(1
(1
Balance at December 31
7
4
3
Other comprehensive income (loss)
Balance at December 31
7
4
(1
4
Unless otherwise noted in this report
 any description of we
 us or our includes Molson Coors Brewing Company (MCBC or the Company)
 principally a holding company
 and its operating and non-operating subsidiaries included within our reporting segments and Corporate. Our reporting segments include: Molson Coors Canada (MCC or Canada segment)
 operating in Canada; MillerCoors&#160;LLC (MillerCoors or U.S. segment)
 which is accounted for by us under the equity method of accounting
 operating in the United States (U.S.); Molson Coors Europe (Europe segment)
 operating in Bosnia-Herzegovina
 Bulgaria
 Croatia
 Czech Republic
 Hungary
 Montenegro
 Republic of Ireland
 Romania
 Serbia
 Slovakia and the United Kingdom (U.K.); and Molson Coors International (MCI)
Unless otherwise indicated
On November 14
 2013
&#32;week fiscal year to a calendar year. As such
 our 2013 fiscal year end was extended from December 28
 2013
 to December 31
 2013
 with subsequent fiscal years beginning on January 1 and ending on December 31 of each year. Beginning January 1
 2014
 quarterly results reflect the three month periods ending March 31
 June 30
 September 30
 and December 31. This change aligned our fiscal year and interim reporting periods with our Central Europe business and MillerCoors
 which were already following a monthly fiscal reporting calendar. Unless otherwise indicated
December&#160;31
 2015
December&#160;31
 2014
&#32;refers to the period from December 30
 2012
December&#160;31
Our consolidated financial statements include our accounts and our majority-owned and controlled domestic and foreign subsidiaries
Our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (U.S.&#160;GAAP). These accounting principles require us to make certain estimates
 judgments and assumptions. We believe that the estimates
 judgments and assumptions used to determine certain amounts that affect the financial statements are reasonable
 based on information available at the time they are made. To the extent there are differences between these estimates and actual results
Our net sales represent the sale of beer and other malt beverages (including adjacencies
 such as cider) net of excise taxes
 the vast majority of which are brands that we own and brew ourselves. We import or brew and sell certain non-owned partner brands under licensing and related arrangements. In addition
Revenue is recognized when the significant risks and rewards of ownership
 including the risk of loss
 are transferred to the customer or distributor depending upon the method of distribution and shipping terms. The cost of various programs
 such as price promotions
 rebates and coupon programs are treated as a reduction of sales. In certain of our markets
 slotting or listing fees are paid to customers and are also treated as a reduction of sales. Sales of products are for cash or otherwise agreed upon credit terms. Sales are stated net of incentives
We do not have standard terms that permit return of product; however
In addition to supplying our own brands
 the U.K. business (within our Europe segment) sells other beverage companies' products to on-premise customers to provide them with a full range of products for their retail outlets. We refer to this as the factored brand business. Sales from this business are included in our net sales and cost of goods sold when ultimately sold
 but the related volume is not included in our reported sales volumes. In the factored brand business
 we normally purchase inventory
 which includes excise taxes charged by the vendor
 take orders from customers for such brands
 and invoice customers for the product and related costs of delivery. In accordance with guidance pertaining to reporting revenue gross as a principal versus net as an agent
Payments made to customers are conditional on the achievement of volume targets
 marketing commitments
 or both. If paid in advance
&#32;years). Where there is no sufficiently separate identifiable benefit
 and the payment is linked to volumes
 or fair value cannot be established
 the amortization of the prepayment or the cost as incurred is included in sales discounts as a reduction to sales and where there are specific marketing activities/commitments
 the cost is included as marketing
In the U.K.
 loans are extended to a portion of the retail outlets that sell our brands. We reclassify a portion of beer revenue to interest income to reflect a market rate of interest on these loans. In fiscal years 
 
 these amounts were 
 
 and 
 respectively
Excise taxes collected from customers and remitted to tax authorities are government-imposed excise taxes on beer shipments. Excise taxes on beer shipments are shown in a separate line item in the consolidated statements of operations as a reduction of sales. Taxes collected from customers are recognized as a liability
Our cost of goods sold includes costs we incur to make and ship beer. These costs include brewing materials
 such as barley
 hops and various grains. Packaging materials
 including glass bottles
 aluminum and steel cans
 cardboard and paperboard are also included in our cost of goods sold. Additionally
 our cost of goods sold include both direct and indirect labor
 shipping and handling including freight costs
 utilities
 maintenance costs
 depreciation
 promotional packaging
 other manufacturing overheads and costs to purchase factored brands from suppliers
Marketing
Our marketing
 general and administrative expenses include media advertising (television
 radio
 print)
 tactical advertising (signs
 banners
 point-of-sale materials) and promotion costs on both local and national levels within our operating segments. The creative portion of our advertising activities is expensed as incurred. Production costs of advertising and promotional materials are expensed when the advertising is first run. Advertising expense was 
 
 
 respectively. Prepaid advertising costs of 
December&#160;31
 2015
December&#160;31
 2014
This classification includes general and administrative costs for functions such as finance
 legal
 human resources and information technology
 along with acquisition and integration costs
 which consist primarily of labor and outside services
 as well as bad debt expense related to our allowance for doubtful accounts. Unless capitalization is allowed or required by U.S. GAAP
 legal costs are expensed when incurred. These costs also include our marketing and sales organizations
 including labor and other overheads. This line item additionally includes amortization costs associated with intangible assets
Share-based compensation is recognized using a straight-line method over the vesting period of the awards. Certain share-based compensation plans contain provisions that accelerate vesting of awards upon change in control
 retirement
 disability or death of eligible employees and directors. Our share-based awards are considered vested when the employee's retention of the award is no longer contingent on providing service
 which for certain awards can result in immediate recognition for awards granted to retirement-eligible individuals or accelerated recognition for awards granted to individuals that will become retirement eligible within the stated vesting period. Also
 if less than the stated vesting period
 we recognize these costs over the period from the grant date to the date retirement eligibility is achieved. We report the benefits of tax deductions in excess of recognized compensation cost as a financing cash flow
Our special items represent charges incurred or benefits realized that either we do not believe to be indicative of our core operations
 or we believe are significant to our current operating results warranting separate classification; specifically
infrequent or unusual items
impairment or asset abandonment-related losses
restructuring charges and other atypical employee-related costs
The items classified as special items are not necessarily non-recurring
 however
 they are deemed to be incremental to income earned or costs incurred by the company in conducting normal operations
Our equity income in MillerCoors represents our proportionate share for the period of the net income of our investment in MillerCoors accounted for under the equity method. This amount reflects adjustments to eliminate intercompany gains and losses
 and to amortize
 if appropriate
Interest Expense
Our interest costs are associated with borrowings to finance our operations. In addition to interest earned on our cash and cash equivalents across our business
 interest income in the Europe segment is associated with trade loans receivable from customers
 primarily in the U.K. As noted above
&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;Our other income (expense) classification primarily includes gains and losses associated with activities not directly related to brewing and selling beer. For instance
 aggregate unrealized and realized foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from remeasurement and settlement of foreign-denominated monetary assets and liabilities
 as well as certain gains or losses on sales of non-operating assets are classified in this line item. These gains and losses are reported in the operating segment in which they occur; however
 foreign exchange gains and losses on intercompany balances are reported within the Corporate segment. The initial recording of foreign-denominated transactions are classified based on the nature of the transaction
 with the unrealized or realized foreign exchange gains or losses resulting from the subsequent remeasurement of the monetary asset or liability
 and its ultimate settlement
Deferred income taxes are provided for the temporary differences between the financial reporting basis and the tax basis of our assets
 liabilities
 and certain unrecognized gains and losses recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). Intraperiod tax allocation rules require that we allocate our provision for income taxes between continuing operations and other categories of earnings
 such as discontinued operations and other comprehensive income (loss). The application of these rules indicated that no additional tax expense should be allocated outside of continuing operations for all years presented. We provide for taxes that may be payable if undistributed earnings of overseas subsidiaries were to be remitted to the U.S.
we consider to be permanently reinvested. Interest
Other comprehensive income (loss) (OCI) represents income and losses for the reporting period which are excluded from net income (loss) and recognized directly within accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) (AOCI) as a component of equity. These amounts are expected to be reclassified out of AOCI in the future
 at which point they will be recognized within the consolidated statement of operations as a component of net income (loss). We recognize OCI related to the translation of assets and liabilities of our foreign subsidiaries which are denominated in currencies other than USD
 unrealized gains and losses on the effective portion of our derivatives designated in cash flow and net investment hedging relationships
 actuarial gains and losses and prior service costs related to our pension and other post-retirement benefit plans
well as our proportionate share of our equity method investments' OCI. Additionally
 we do not have the expectation or intent to cash settle certain of our intercompany note receivable and note payable positions in the foreseeable future; therefore
Cash consists of cash on hand and bank deposits. Cash equivalents represent highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less. Our cash deposits may be redeemed upon demand and are maintained with multiple
Supplementary cash flow includes non-cash issuances of share-based awards. We also have non-cash investing activities related to movements in our guarantee of indebtedness of certain equity method investments
Note 13
 Share-Based Payments
Note 4
Note 11
&#32;for further discussion. There was no other non-cash activity in 2015
We record accounts and notes receivable at net realizable value. This carrying value includes an appropriate allowance for estimated uncollectible amounts to reflect any loss anticipated on the accounts and notes receivable balances. We calculate this allowance based on our country-specific history of write-offs
 level of past-due accounts based on the contractual terms of the receivables and our relationships with and the economic status of our customers
In the U.K.
December&#160;31
 2015
December&#160;31
 2014
 total loans outstanding
 net of allowances
 were 
 respectively
 and are classified as either current or non-current notes receivable in our consolidated balance sheets. An allowance for credit losses is maintained to provide for loan losses deemed to be probable related to specifically identified loans and for losses in the loan portfolio that have been incurred at the balance sheet date. We establish our allowance through a provision for loan losses charged against earnings and recorded in marketing
 general&#160;and administrative expenses. Loan balances that are written off are recorded against the allowance as a write-off. Activity within the allowance is immaterial for fiscal years 
Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market. Cost is determined by the first-in
December&#160;31
 2015
December&#160;31
 2014
Maintenance and operating supplies include our inventories of spare parts
 which are kept on hand for repairs and maintenance of machinery and equipment. The majority of spare parts within our business include motors
 fillers and other components that are required to maintain a normal level of production in the event that expected maintenance and/or repairs are required. These parts are inventoried within current assets as they are reasonably expected to be used during the normal operating cycle of the business and are reserved for excess and obsolescence
Properties are stated at original cost less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation is recorded using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets
&#32;years. Land is not depreciated
 and construction in progress is not depreciated until ready for service. Costs of enhancements or modifications that substantially extend the capacity or useful life of an asset are capitalized and depreciated accordingly. Ordinary repairs and maintenance are expensed as incurred. When property is retired or otherwise disposed of
 the cost and accumulated depreciation are removed from our consolidated balance sheets and the resulting gain or loss
 if any
Returnable containers are recorded at acquisition cost and consist of returnable bottles
 kegs
 pallets and crates that are both in our direct control within our breweries
received on our returnable containers in the market are recorded as deposit liabilities
 included as current liabilities within accounts payable and other current liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets. We estimate that the loss
&#160;years for pallets
&#160;years for bottles
&#32;years for crates
&#160;years for returnable kegs. We also own and maintain other equipment in the market related to delivery of our products to end consumers
&#32;years
depending on the market
 reflecting the use of the equipment
The costs of acquiring or developing internal-use computer software
 including directly-related payroll costs for internal resources
Properties held under capital lease are depreciated using the straight-line method over the estimated useful life or the lease term
 whichever is shorter
Goodwill is allocated to the reporting unit in which the business that created the goodwill resides. A reporting unit is an operating segment
 or a business unit one level below that operating segment
 for which discrete financial information is prepared and regularly reviewed by segment management. The operations in each of the specific regions within our Canada
 Europe and MCI segments are considered components based on the availability of discrete financial information and the regular review by segment management. We have concluded that the components within the Canada and Europe segments each meet the criteria as having similar economic characteristics and therefore have aggregated these components into the Canada and Europe reporting units
 respectively. Additionally
 we determined that the components within our MCI segment do not meet the criteria for aggregation with the exception of the operations of our India businesses
 which constitute a separate reporting unit. As required
&#32;owned investments where we exercise significant influence or VIEs for which we are not the primary beneficiary. Equity method investments include our equity ownership in MillerCoors in the U.S.
 along with Brewers' Retail
&#160;Inc. (BRI) and Brewers' Distributor&#160;Ltd. (BDL) in Canada. The Molson Modelo Imports
 L.P. (MMI) joint venture was terminated effective February 2014. Additionally
 in December 2013
 we sold our interest in Tradeteam&#160;Ltd (Tradeteam) (a transportation and logistics joint venture) to DHL
Note 4
December&#160;31
We use derivatives as part of our normal business operations to manage our exposure to fluctuations in interest
 foreign currency exchange
 commodity
 production and packaging material costs and for other strategic purposes related to our core business. We enter into derivatives for risk management purposes only
 including derivatives designated in hedge accounting relationships as well as those derivatives utilized as economic hedges. We do not enter into derivatives for trading or speculative purposes. We recognize our derivatives on the consolidated balance sheets as assets or liabilities at fair value and are classified in either current or non-current assets or liabilities based on each contract's respective unrealized gain or loss position and each contract's respective maturity. Our policy is to present all derivative balances on a gross basis
 without regard to counterparty master netting agreements or similar arrangements. Further
 our current derivative agreements do not allow us to net positions with the same counterparty and therefore
Changes in fair values (to the extent of hedge effectiveness) of outstanding cash flow and net investment hedges are recorded in OCI
 until earnings are affected by the variability of cash flows of the underlying hedged item or the sale of the underlying net investment
 respectively. Effective cash flow hedges offset the gains or losses recognized on the underlying exposure in the consolidated statements of operations
 or for net investment hedges
We record realized gains and losses from derivative instruments in the same financial statement line item as the hedged item/forecasted transaction. Changes in unrealized gains and losses for derivatives not designated in a hedge accounting relationship are recorded directly in earnings each period and are also recorded in the same financial statement line item as the hedged item/forecasted transaction. Cash flows from the settlement of derivatives
 including both economic hedges and those designated in hedge accounting relationships
In accordance with authoritative accounting guidance
 we do not record the fair value of derivatives for which we have elected the Normal Purchase Normal Sale (NPNS) exemption. We account for these contracts on an accrual basis
We maintain retirement plans for the majority of our employees. We offer different types of plans within each segment
 including defined benefit plans
 defined contribution plans and other postretirement benefit plans (OPEB). Each plan is managed locally and in accordance with respective local laws and regulations. Our equity investments
 MillerCoors
 BRI and BDL maintain defined benefit
We recognize the underfunded or overfunded status of a defined benefit postretirement plan as an asset or liability in the consolidated balance sheets and recognize changes in the funded status in the year in which the changes occur within OCI. The funded status of a plan
 measured as the difference between the fair value of plan assets and the projected benefit obligation
Projected benefit obligation is the actuarial present value as of the measurement date of all benefits attributed by the plan benefit formula to employee service rendered before the measurement date using assumptions as to future compensation levels if the plan benefit formula is based on those future compensation levels. Accumulated benefit obligation is the actuarial present value of benefits (whether vested or unvested) attributed by the plan benefit formula to employee service rendered before the measurement date and based on employee service and compensation
 if applicable
We employ the corridor approach for determining each plan's potential amortization from AOCI of deferred gains and losses
 which occur when actual experience differs from estimates
&#32;of the market-related value of plan assets and requires amortization of the excess net gain or loss that exceeds the corridor over the average remaining service periods of active plan participants. As our U.K. plan is closed to new entrants and the future accrual of benefits
The carrying amounts of our cash and cash equivalents
 accounts receivable
 accounts payable and other current liabilities approximate fair value as recorded due to the short-term nature of these instruments. In addition
 the carrying amounts of our trade loan receivables
 net of allowances
 approximate fair value. The fair value of derivatives is estimated by discounting the estimated future cash flows utilizing observable market interest
Note 16
&#32;for additional information. Based on current market rates for similar instruments
Note 12
U.S. GAAP guidance for fair value includes a hierarchy that prioritizes fair value measurements based on the types of inputs used for the various valuation techniques (market approach
Level&#160;2&#8212;Inputs include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets
 quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are less active
liability (i.e.
&#160;interest rates
 yield curves
 etc.)
 and inputs that are derived principally from
 or corroborated by
Level&#160;3&#8212;Unobservable inputs that reflect the assumptions that we believe market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability. We develop these inputs based on the best information available
Assets and liabilities recorded in foreign currencies that are the functional currencies for the respective operations are translated at the prevailing exchange rate at the balance sheet date. Translation adjustments resulting from this process are reported as a separate component of OCI. Gains and losses from foreign currency transactions are included in earnings for the period. Revenue and expenses are translated at the average exchange rates during the period. Our primary operating currencies
 other than USD
 include the Canadian Dollar (CAD)
 the British Pound (GBP)
 and our Central European operating currencies such as the Euro (EUR)
 Czech Koruna (CZK)
In November 2015
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued authoritative guidance simplifying the presentation of deferred taxes by requiring all deferred tax assets and liabilities to be classified as non-current on the balance sheet. We have early adopted this guidance on a prospective basis
 effective December 31
 2015. Adoption of this guidance resulted in the reclassification of our current deferred tax assets and liabilities to non-current in our consolidated balance sheet as of December 31
Note 6
In May 2015
 the FASB issued an amendment to the fair value measurement guidance that applies to reporting entities that elect to measure the fair value of an investment using the net asset value (&#8220;NAV&#8221;) per share (or its equivalent) practical expedient. Under the new guidance
 investments for which fair value is measured
 or are eligible to be measured
 using the NAV per share practical expedient are excluded from the fair value hierarchy. The amendment also removes certain disclosure requirements for these investments. We have early adopted this guidance on a retrospective basis effective for our year ended December 31
Note 15
Note 15
In April 2015
 the FASB issued authoritative guidance intended to simplify the presentation of debt issuance costs. These amendments require that debt issuance costs be presented as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of the related debt liabilities
 consistent with the presentation of debt discounts. This results in the elimination of debt issuance costs as an asset and reduces the carrying value of our debt liabilities. As this guidance did not specifically address the presentation or subsequent measurement of debt issuance costs related to line-of-credit arrangements
 the FASB issued an announcement in August 2015
 stating that they would not object to an entity deferring and presenting debt issuance costs related to line-of-credit arrangements as an asset and subsequently amortizing the deferred debt issuance costs ratably over the term of the line-of-credit arrangement
 regardless of whether there are any outstanding borrowings on the line-of-credit arrangement. We early adopted this guidance effective for our quarter ended September 30
 2015
December 31
2
2
In September 2015
 the FASB issued authoritative guidance related to business combinations
 which is intended to simplify the accounting for measurement-period adjustments. The new standard eliminates the requirement to retrospectively account for changes to provisional amounts initially recorded in a business combination. Under the new guidance
 an acquirer will be required to recognize adjustments to provisional amounts that are identified during the measurement period in the reporting period in which the adjustment amounts are determined. This guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2015
In July 2015
 FASB issued authoritative guidance intended to simplify the measurement of inventory. The amendment requires entities to measure in-scope inventory at the lower of cost and net realizable value
 and replaces the current requirement to measure in-scope inventory at the lower of cost or market
 which considers replacement cost
 net realizable value
 and net realizable value less an approximate normal profit margin. This guidance is effective for annual reporting periods
 and interim periods within those annual periods
 beginning after December 15
 2016. The amendment should be applied prospectively with early adoption permitted. We are currently evaluating the potential impact on our financial position and results of operations upon adoption of this guidance
In May 2014
 the FASB issued authoritative guidance related to new accounting requirements for the recognition of revenue from contracts with customers. The core principle of the guidance is that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled to in exchange for the goods or services. In August 2015
 the FASB affirmed its proposal to defer the effective date of the new revenue recognition standard for all entities by one year. As a result
 the requirements of the new standard are effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2017
 and interim periods within those annual periods. In conjunction with the deferral
 the FASB will permit all entities to apply the new revenue recognition standard early
Other than the items noted above
 there have been no new accounting pronouncements not yet effective or adopted in the current year that we believe have a significant impact
 or potential significant impact
Our reporting segments are based on the key geographic regions in which we operate
The Canada segment consists of our production
 marketing and sales of our brands
 including core brands
Carling
 Coors Banquet
&#32;and other owned and licensed brands in Canada. The Canada segment also includes BRI
 our joint venture arrangement related to the distribution and retail sale of beer in Ontario
 and BDL
 our joint venture arrangement related to the distribution of beer in the western provinces. Both BRI and BDL are accounted for as equity method investments. Also included in the Canada segment historically was MMI
 our joint venture with Grupo Modelo&#160;S.A.B. de C.V. (Modelo)
 established to import
 distribute
 and market the Modelo beer brand portfolio across all Canadian provinces and territories. MMI was accounted for under the equity method. In November 2013
 subsequent to Anheuser-Busch InBev's (ABI) acquisition of Modelo
 ABI and MCBC entered into an agreement providing for the accelerated termination of the MMI joint venture
Note 4
We have an agreement with Heineken&#160;N.V. (Heineken) that grants us the right to import
 market
 distribute and sell Heineken products. Additionally
 we had an agreement with SABMiller plc (SABMiller) that granted us the right to brew or import
 market
 distribute and sell several SABMiller brands. In 2014
 Miller Brewing Company (Miller)
 a wholly owned subsidiary of SABMiller
 and MCBC entered into an agreement providing for the accelerated termination of the Miller license agreement
 effective March 2015
 under which we had exclusive rights to distribute certain Miller brands in Canada. As a result
 beginning in the second quarter of 2015
The U.S. segment consists of our interest
 and results from our interest
 in MillerCoors
 our joint venture with SABMiller for all U.S. operations. MillerCoors produces
 markets
 and sells beer brands in the U.S. and Puerto Rico. MillerCoors' core brands sold in the U.S. include 
 as well as 
 
 
 
Note 4
The Europe segment consists of our production
 marketing and sales of our brands
&#32;Staropramen
Apatinsko
 Astika
&#160;Bergenbier
 Blue Moon
 Borsodi
 Branik
 Coors Light
 Jelen
 Kamenitza
  Niksicko
 Noroc
 Ostravar
&#160;Ozujsko
&#32;Worthington's
&#32;as well as a number of smaller regional ale brands in the U.K.
Beck's
brands
Hoegaarden
 Leffe
 Lowenbrau
 L&#246;wenweisse
&#32;in certain Central European countries. Our contract for the distribution of the Modelo brands in the U.K. expired as of December 31
 2014
 however
 beginning in January 2015
&#32;brands throughout the Central European countries in which we operate. In the third quarter of 2015
&#32;cider brand distribution rights in the U.K. and Republic of Ireland. In the U.K.
brands through a joint venture with Royal Grolsch N.V.
. Additionally
 in order to be able to provide a full line of beer and other beverages to our U.K. on-premise customers
 we sell factored brands
 which are third-party beverage brands for which we provide distribution to retail
 typically on a non-exclusive basis. We have distribution agreements with Tradeteam (a subsidiary of DHL) for the distribution of our products in the U.K. through 2023. In June 2015
&#32;brand in the U.K. As a result of this termination
&#32;at payment date). The transition period concluded on December 27
 2015
&#32;brand in the U.K. Separately
 in December 2013
&#32;brands in the U.K. As a result of the termination
 Heineken agreed to pay us an aggregate early termination payment of GBP 
&#32;on April 30
&#32;upon recognition) is included as income within special items during the year ended December 31
The objective of MCI is to grow and expand our business and brand portfolio in new and existing markets
 including emerging markets
 outside the U.S.
 Canada
 and Europe segments. The focus of MCI includes Latin America (including Mexico
 Central America
 the Caribbean and South America
 excluding Puerto Rico
 as it is part of the U.S. segment)
 Asia
 Europe (excluding U.K
 Ireland and Central Europe
 as they are a part of the Europe segment)
MCI is comprised of our standalone businesses
 our export business
 and our license business. Our standalone businesses include India
 which includes both our joint venture with majority share and operational control of Molson Coors Cobra India as well as Mount Shivalik Breweries
 Ltd
 (Mount Shivalik) which we acquired in the second quarter of 2015
 along with our businesses in Japan and China. During the second quarter of 2015
 we announced our decision to substantially restructure our China business
 which we have now moved to a distribution model. Our export business expands the reach of our international brands into Latin America and Western Europe. Our license business builds long term licensing partnerships with leading global brewers to market and grow our international brands in markets which typically have a greater barrier to entry
 such as Mexico
 Ukraine
 Russia
 Spain and Australia.
 
 
 

 
 as well as brands unique to our international markets including 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Corporate is not a segment and includes interest and certain other general and administrative costs that are not allocated to any of the operating segments. The majority of these corporate costs relate to worldwide administrative functions
 such as corporate affairs
 legal
 human resources
 finance and accounting
 treasury
 tax
 internal audit
 insurance and risk management. Additionally
 the results of our water resources and energy operations in the state of Colorado are included in Corporate. 
. Net sales represent sales to third-party external customers. Inter-segment transactions impacting sales revenues and income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes are insignificant (other than those with MillerCoors
Note 4
The following tables represent consolidated net sales
 interest expense
 interest income
Year ended December 31
1
1
3
Note 7
Year ended December 31
1
2
4
Note 7
Year ended December 31
1
2
4
Note 7
December&#160;31
December 31
4
5
2
2
4
5
12
13
Note 2
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
Depreciation and amortization amounts do not reflect amortization of bond discounts
 fees
The following table presents net sales by geography
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
1
1
1
1
1
1
3
4
4
Reflects net sales from the individual countries within our Central European operations (included in our Europe segment)
 as well as our MCI segment
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
1
1
Reflects net properties within the individual countries included in our Central European operations (included in our Europe segment)
 as well as our MCI segment
Our investments include both equity method and consolidated investments. Those entities identified as VIEs have been evaluated to determine whether we are the primary beneficiary. The VIEs included under Consolidated VIEs below are those for which we have concluded that we are the primary beneficiary and accordingly
December&#160;31
 2015
December&#160;31
. With the exception of the BRI debt guarantee further discussed below under Other Equity Investments
Authoritative guidance related to the consolidation of VIEs requires that we continually reassess whether we are the primary beneficiary of VIEs in which we have an interest. As such
December&#160;31
 2015
December&#160;31
 2014
 our consolidated VIEs are Cobra Beer Partnership
&#32;for MCBC
. Both parties to the MillerCoors joint venture are currently able to transfer their economic and voting interest
 however
 certain rights of first refusal will apply to any assignment of such interests. Our interest in MillerCoors is accounted for under the equity method of accounting. Accordingly
 we consider MillerCoors an affiliate. See Affiliate Transactions section below summarizing our transactions and balances with affiliates
Note 21
 Pending Acquisition
 on November 11
 2015
&#32;voting interest in MillerCoors and all trademarks
&#32;brand portfolio outside of the U.S. and Puerto Rico. Following the closing of the pending Acquisition
Note 21
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
9
9
9
9
1
1
1
1
2
2
7
7
9
9
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
(In millions
7
7
3
3
2
2
) of MillerCoors (contributed by both Coors Brewing Company (CBC) and Miller). This basis difference
 with the exception of certain non-amortizing items (goodwill
 land
 etc.)
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
7
7
7
(4
(4
(4
3
3
3
1
1
1
1
1
1
Results for 2015 include special charges related to the planned closure of the Eden
 North Carolina
 brewery
&#32;of accelerated depreciation in excess of normal depreciation associated with the brewery
 and 
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
(In millions
1
1
1
We assigned the United States and Puerto Rican rights to the legacy Coors brands
 including 
 
&#32;brands
 to MillerCoors. We retained all ownership rights of these brands outside of the United States and Puerto Rico. In addition
 we retained numerous water rights in Colorado. We lease these water rights to MillerCoors at no cost for use at its Golden
December&#160;31
 2015
December&#160;31
BRI
 a VIE
 is a beer distribution and retail network for the Ontario region of Canada
 with majority of the ownership residing with MCC
 Labatt Breweries of Canada LP (a subsidiary of ABI) and Sleeman Breweries Ltd. (a subsidiary of Sapporo International). BRI charges its owners administrative fees that are designed so the entity operates on a break-even basis. This administrative fee is based on costs incurred
 net of other revenues earned
 and is allocated in accordance with the operating agreement to its owners based on volume of products. Contractual provisions cause participation in governance and other interests to fluctuate based on this calculated market share requiring frequent primary beneficiary evaluations. However
 based on the existing structure
 control is shared
 and remains shared through such changes
 and therefore we do not anticipate becoming the primary beneficiary in the foreseeable future. We consider BRI an affiliate. See Affiliate Transactions section below summarizing our transactions and balances with affiliates
In 2015
 we
 along with the other owners of BRI and the Province of Ontario
 agreed to revise the ownership structure of BRI. The new BRI shareholder agreement (&#8220;New Shareholder Agreement&#8221;) incorporating these changes
 as further discussed below
 became effective at the beginning of 2016. The New Shareholder Agreement adjusted the existing BRI ownership structure to allow all other small and large Ontario based brewers the ability to participate in the ownership of BRI. As part of this change
 the board of directors of BRI has been expanded to include representation for these new ownership groups
 as well as independent director representation. The new owners are subject to the same fee structure as the current owners
 with the exception of smaller brewers
 who have discounted fees
 as they are not required to fund certain costs associated with pension obligations. BRI will continue to operate on a break-even basis under the new ownership structure. BRI also converted all existing capital stock into a new share class
 as well as created a separate new share class to facilitate new and existing brewer participation and governance. While governance and board of director participation continues to have the ability to fluctuate based on market share relative to the other owners
During the second quarter of 2015
&#32;revolving credit facility with Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce (&#8220;CIBC&#8221;)
&#32;year after issuance
&#32;year renewal options subject to approval by CIBC. In conjunction with the issuance of the revolving credit facility
 we
&#32;additional shareholders of BRI
 were each required to guarantee BRI&#8217;s obligations under the facility
. As a result of this guarantee
&#32;as of December&#160;31
The carrying value of the guarantee equals its fair value
 which considers an adjustment for our own non-performance risk and is considered a level 2 measurement. The offset to the guarantee liability was recorded as an adjustment to our equity method investment balance. The guarantee liability was calculated based on our proportionate
&#32;share of BRI&#8217;s total revolving credit facility outstanding balance at December&#160;31
We have an obligation to proportionately fund BRI's operations. As a result of this obligation
 we continue to record our proportional share of BRI's net income or loss and OCI activity
December&#160;31
 2015
December&#160;31
 2014
. The increase to our net investment balance was primarily driven by a decrease to BRI's employee retirement plan obligations (resulting from the annual actuarial valuation) favorably impacting the net assets of BRI
 as well as our guarantee of the BRI revolving credit facility discussed above. See Affiliate Transactions below for BRI affiliate transactions including administrative fees charged to Molson Coors under the agreement with BRI which are recorded in cost of goods sold
December&#160;31
 2015
December&#160;31
 2014
 respectively
BDL
 a VIE
 is a distribution operation owned by MCC and Labatt Breweries of Canada LP (a subsidiary of ABI) that
 pursuant to an operating agreement
&#32;voting control of this business. We consider BDL an affiliate. See Affiliate Transactions section below summarizing our transactions and balances with affiliates
BDL charges the owners administrative fees that are designed so the entity operates at break-even profit levels. This administrative fee is based on costs incurred
 net of other revenues earned
 and is allocated in accordance with the operating agreement to the owners based on volume of products. No other parties are allowed to sell beer through BDL
December&#160;31
 2015
December&#160;31
 2014
 our investment in BDL was 
 respectively. The increase in our investment was primarily related to a decrease in BDL's employee retirement plan obligation (resulting from the annual actuarial valuation) favorably impacting the net assets of BDL. See Affiliate Transactions section below for BDL affiliate transactions including administrative fees charged to Molson Coors under the agreement with BDL which are recorded in cost of goods sold
December&#160;31
 2015
December&#160;31
 2014
 respectively
December&#160;31
 2015
December&#160;31
 2014
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
Administrative fees
Administrative fees
December&#160;31
 2015
December&#160;31
 2014
 respectively
December 31
December 31
December 31
December 31
brands are produced by us under a contract brewing arrangement with the joint venture. MCBC and Royal Grolsch&#160;N.V. sell beer to the joint venture
 which sells the beer back to MCBC (for onward sale to customers) for a price equal to what it paid
 plus a marketing and overhead charge and a profit margin. Grolsch is a taxable entity in Europe. Accordingly
Cobra Beer Partnership
&#32;interest in Cobra U.K.
&#32;beer brand (with the exception of the Indian sub-continent
&#32;beer brand. We consolidate the results and financial position of Cobra U.K.
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
Modelo Molson Imports
On February 28
 2014
 ABI and MCBC finalized the accelerated termination of MMI
&#32;joint venture with Grupo Modelo S.A.B. de C.V. (Modelo)
 which provided for the import
 distribution
Following the successful completion of the transition in the first quarter of 2014
) within special items
 reflective of the agreed upon payment received from Modelo. Additionally
 in the first quarter of 2014
&#32;representing the accelerated amortization of the remaining carrying value of our definite-lived intangible asset associated with the agreement. In accordance with the termination agreement
 MMI continued to operate in its historical capacity through the end of the transition period. Effective end of day on February 28
 2014
 MMI ceased all operations and was dissolved during the third quarter of 2014 upon final agreement with ABI on the distribution amount of the joint venture's remaining net assets. Our results for 2014
 reflect our proportionate ownership interest of the MMI activity during the first quarter of 2014 through end of day February 28
 2014. Under the MMI arrangement
&#32;during 2014 and 2013
 respectively. In addition
 during 2014 and 2013
 MCC recognized marketing and administrative cost recoveries related to the promotion
 sale and distribution of Modelo products under our agency and services agreement with MMI of 
 respectively. These cost recoveries are recorded within marketing
In accordance with the early termination agreement
 the book value of the joint venture's net assets was required to be distributed to the respective joint venture partners for the owners' proportionate ownership interest at the end of the transition period. This distribution was finalized in the third quarter of 2014. Concurrently
On December 23
 2013
 we early terminated our existing distribution agreements with Tradeteam
 our joint venture with DHL (formerly Exel Logistics)
 and varied or terminated certain other agreements with Tradeteam and DHL
&#32;upon exiting and varying these agreements. Concurrently
Subsequently
 on December 30
 2013
As a result of the continuing involvement with Tradeteam following the termination and sale through the new distribution agreements
&#32;was considered an upfront payment for the benefits to be provided under the new agreement.&#160;As a result of the effective modification to our agreements
&#32;were used in determining the loss on sale of the investment based on its carrying value at sale
The financial commitments on early termination of the new secondary distribution agreement are to essentially assume and settle liabilities related to the various assets and infrastructure required to deliver the service to us
 and to compensate Tradeteam
 depending on the circumstances of such early termination.&#160;These early termination commitments decline over the term of the new agreement
Note 18
. During 2013
Since its inception
 the performance of the MC Si'hai joint venture did not meet our expectations due to delays in executing its business plans as well as significant difficulties in working with our business partner. Through the on-going arbitration process
 which began in 2012
 we began discussions with the joint venture partner and concluded upon a price that we would accept to exit the relationship through the sale of our interest in the joint venture. As a result
 in December 2013
 we sold our interest in the joint venture and
 upon finalizing the sale
 we recognized a gain of 
&#32;liability remaining upon deconsolidation in 2012
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
Other
Other income (expense)
During the fourth quarter of 2015
Note 21
In 2015
 we recorded gains on the sale of non-operating assets. In 1991
 we became a limited partner in the Colorado Rockies Baseball Club
&#160;Ltd. (the Partnership)
 treated as a cost method investment. Effective November 8
 2013
. We did not make any cash contributions in 2013
 and cash distributions
 recognized within other income
Additionally
 during the first quarter of 2013
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
The decrease in income tax expense in 2015 was primarily due to lower pretax income versus the prior year. The decrease in pretax income was due to an increased foreign pretax loss
 driven by unfavorable movements in foreign currency rates
 increased special charges versus the prior year and the impact from the loss of major business contracts in 2015. The decrease in income tax expense in 2014 versus 2013 was primarily driven by lower pretax income due to an increase in special charges versus 2013
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
State income taxes
Other
&#32;primarily due to the impact of lower effective income tax rates applicable to our foreign businesses
. In addition to these lower effective foreign tax rates
 during 2015 and 2014
positively impacted by the above mentioned finalization of the BAPA between the U.S. and Canada tax authorities in 2014
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
Note 2
 New Accounting Pronouncements
 during the fourth quarter of 2015
 we elected to early adopt the FASB&#8217;s recently issued guidance requiring all deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities to be presented as non-current on the consolidated balance sheet. Adoption of this guidance resulted in the reclassification of our current deferred tax assets and liabilities to non-current in our consolidated balance sheet as of December 31
 2015. This guidance has been adopted on a prospective basis
 and therefore
Additionally
 during 2015
 we recorded tax loss carryforwards in certain European jurisdictions in the aggregate of 
 primarily driven by investment losses recognized based on local statutory accounting requirements. As the carryforwards were generated in jurisdictions where we do not have operations
 we concluded that it was more likely than not that the net operating losses will not be realized
 and thus recorded a full valuation allowance on the associated deferred tax assets. The recognition of these deferred tax assets and fully offsetting valuation allowance resulted in a zero net impact to the consolidated statement of operations
The measurement of deferred tax assets is reduced by a valuation allowance if
 based upon available evidence
 it is more likely than not that the deferred tax assets will not be realized. We have evaluated the realizability of our deferred tax assets in each jurisdiction by assessing the adequacy of expected taxable income
 including the reversal of existing temporary differences
 historical and projected operating results and the availability of prudent and feasible tax planning strategies. Based on this analysis
December&#160;31
 2015
December&#160;31
 2014
December&#160;31
 2015
December&#160;31
 2014
December&#160;31
 2015
December&#160;31
 2014
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
 2014
 respectively
 of unrecognized tax benefits that have been recorded as a reduction of non-current deferred tax assets
 which is presented within non-current deferred tax liabilities due to jurisdictional netting on the consolidated balance sheets
A reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of unrecognized tax benefits
 excluding interest and penalties
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
During 2015
&#32;unrecognized tax benefit that was established during the second quarter of 2014 as further discussed below
 as well as the release of other unrecognized tax benefits in domestic and foreign jurisdictions
During the second quarter of 2014
 we identified that we had incorrectly omitted recognizing a liability for uncertain tax positions related to fiscal year 2010 that resulted in an immaterial misstatement of income tax expense within the consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 25
 2010
 as well as the liability for unrecognized tax benefits and retained earnings within the consolidated balance sheets at December 31
 2013
 December 29
 2012
 December 31
 2011
 and December 25
 2010. Accordingly
 during 2014
 we revised our presentation of these amounts to correct for this error
&#32;as of December&#160;31
 2013. During the third quarter of 2014
&#32;unrecognized tax benefit resulting from this adjustment. This settlement amount is included in the table above but did not impact our 2014 effective tax rate as it was settled for the amount of the liability. Additionally
 upon expiration of certain statutes of limitations during the third quarter of 2014
 we released a portion of the non-current unrecognized tax benefit adjustment
&#32;benefit to our 2014 income tax expense. As discussed above
 the remainder of this unrecognized tax benefit adjustment was released in the third quarter of 2015 upon expiration of the statute of limitations
&#32;decrease in 2014 unrecognized tax benefits discussed above
&#32;settlement of a tax audit and the impact of the resolution of the BAPA in Canada that were offset by the intended utilization of deferred tax assets and therefore did not impact our effective tax rate
Our remaining unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31
 2015
 relate to tax years that are currently open
 and amounts may differ from those to be determined upon closing of the positions. Annual tax provisions include amounts considered sufficient to pay assessments that may result from examination of prior year tax returns; however
During 2016
&#32;of unrecognized tax benefits will be released due to settlements as well as the closing of statutes of limitation in the U.S.
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
Amounts exclude the potential effects of valuation allowances
We file income tax returns in most of the federal
 state and provincial jurisdictions in the U.S.
 Canada and various countries in Europe. Tax years through 2011 are closed in the U.S. In Canada
We annually receive cash from our foreign subsidiaries&#8217; current year earnings. Separately
December&#160;31
 2015
 as indefinitely reinvested under the accounting guidance and accordingly
 have not provided for any U.S. or foreign tax thereon. In order to arrive at this conclusion
 we considered factors including
 but not limited to
 past experience
 domestic cash requirements and distributions from MillerCoors
 as well as cash requirements to satisfy the ongoing operations
December&#160;31
 2015
&#32;of undistributed earnings and profits attributable to foreign subsidiaries was considered to be indefinitely invested. Our intention is to permanently reinvest the earnings outside of the U.S. It is not practicable to determine the amount of incremental taxes that might arise were these earnings to be remitted. The amount of tax payable could be impacted by the jurisdiction in which a distribution was made
 the amount of the distribution
 foreign withholding taxes under applicable tax laws when distributed
 relevant tax treaties and foreign tax credits. While it is not practical to determine the amount of tax
We have incurred charges or realized benefits that either we do not believe to be indicative of our core operations
 or we believe are significant to our current operating results warranting separate classification. As such
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
Europe - Flood loss (insurance reimbursement)
Europe - Termination fee expense
Total Special items
Upon termination of our MMI operations in 2014
Note 4
Additionally
 in the third quarter of 2014 and fourth quarter of 2013
Note 11
During the third quarter of 2015
&#32;of charges related to the closure of a bottling line within our Vancouver brewery
&#32;of accelerated depreciation normally recorded in cost of goods sold associated with this bottling line. Additionally
 during the second quarter of 2015
&#32;of charges related to the closure of a bottling line within our Toronto brewery
&#32;of accelerated depreciation normally recorded in cost of goods sold associated with this bottling line. The decisions to close these bottling lines were made as part of an ongoing strategic review of our Canadian supply chain network and the overall shift in consumer preference toward can package consumption in Canada. Additionally
 in October 2015
 as a result of the continuation of this strategic review
 we entered into an agreement to sell the Vancouver brewery
 with the intent to use the proceeds from the sale to help fund the construction of an efficient and flexible brewery in British Columbia. The sale has not yet closed
 and is anticipated to be completed by the end of the first quarter of 2016. In conjunction with the sale
expect to incur additional charges
 including estimated accelerated depreciation charges of approximately CAD 
 through final closure of the brewery which is currently anticipated to occur at the end of 2018. These ongoing charges
 along with the estimated future gain on the sale of the property of approximately CAD 
During the third quarters of 2015
 2014 and 2013
Note 11
As part of our continued strategic review of our European supply chain network
 in the fourth quarter of 2015
 we announced the proposal and entered into a consultation process to close our Burton South brewery in the U.K. in which we will consolidate production within our recently modernized Burton North brewery. As a result
&#32;related to the Burton South brewery from the first quarter of 2016 through the third quarter of 2017. Also
 in the fourth quarter of 2015
&#32;of asset abandonment related special charges
Additionally
 as part of this review
 during the second quarter of 2015
 we completed the closure of the Alton brewery in the U.K. which began in the fourth quarter for 2014. As a result
 in 2015 we incurred charges associated with the closure of 
. In 2014
We do not expect to incur future accelerated depreciation on the Alton and Plovdiv breweries. We may recognize other asset-related charges or benefits related to these brewery closures
During the second quarter of 2015
 we announced our decision to substantially restructure our business in China and consequently
 recognized employee-related and asset write-off charges
In December of 2013
&#32;liability representing the fair value of our remaining investment upon deconsolidation of the joint venture in 2012
During 2009
&#32;that was recorded as a special item. The amount recorded in 2013 represents the release of this reserve as a result of a change in estimate. As a result
During 2015
During 2014
&#32;in our Europe business associated with significant flooding in Serbia
During 2013
In June 2015
&#32;brand in the U.K. As a result of this termination
&#32;at payment date)
 which was recognized as a special charge during the second quarter of 2015. The transition period concluded on December 27
 2015
In December 2013
&#32;brands in the U.K. As a result of the termination
 Heineken agreed to pay us an aggregate early termination payment of GBP 
&#32;on April 30
&#32;upon recognition) is included as income within special items during the year ended December 31
&#32;interest in Tradeteam to DHL
Note 4
In 2012
 we introduced several initiatives focused on increasing our efficiencies and reducing costs across all functions of the business in order to develop a more competitive supply chain and global cost structure. Included in these initiatives is a long-term focus on reducing labor and general overhead costs through restructuring activities. We view these restructuring activities as actions to allow us to meet our long-term growth targets by generating future cost savings within cost of goods sold and general and administrative expenses and include organizational changes that strengthen our business and accelerate efficiencies within our operational structure. As a result of these restructuring activities
1
&#32;employees since 2012
 of which approximately 
 
&#32;activities
 respectively. Consequently
 we recognized severance and other employee related charges during 
 which we have recorded as special items within our consolidated statements of operations. During 2014
During 2014 and 2015
 we continued our ongoing assessment of our supply chain strategies across our segments in order to align with our cost saving objectives. As part of this strategic review
 we began closing certain breweries including the Alton and Plovdiv breweries and the planned closures of the Vancouver and Burton South breweries. As a result of these restructuring activities
&#32;employees
&#32;activities
 respectively. Consequently
 we recognized severance and other employee related charges during 2015 and 
 which we have recorded as special items within our consolidated statements of operations. We will continue to evaluate our supply chain network and seek opportunities for further efficiencies and cost savings
&#32;In 2015
 we also recognized employee-related charges within our MCI segment following the decision to substantially restructure our business in China as stated above. As a result of this action
The accrued restructuring balances represent expected future cash payments required to satisfy the remaining severance obligations to terminated employees
Balance at December 29
Balance at December 31
Balance at December 31
Balance at December 31
Balance at December 29
Balance at December 31
Balance at December 31
Balance at December 31
During 2015
 we repurchased Class B common shares which results in a lower number of outstanding shares compared to issued shares. See Share Repurchase Program below for further discussion. For all other classes
The Class&#160;A exchangeable shares and Class&#160;B exchangeable shares were issued by Molson Coors Canada&#160;Inc. (MCCI) a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. The exchangeable shares are substantially the economic equivalent of the corresponding shares of Class&#160;A and Class&#160;B common stock that a Molson shareholder would have received in the Merger if the holder had elected to receive shares of Molson Coors common stock. Holders of exchangeable shares also receive
 through a voting trust
 the benefit of Molson Coors voting rights
Each holder of record of Class A common stock
 Class B common stock
 Class A exchangeable shares and Class B exchangeable shares is entitled to one vote for each share held
 without the ability to cumulate votes on the election of directors. Our Class B common stock has fewer voting rights than our Class A common stock and holders of our Class A common stock have the ability to effectively control or have a significant influence over company actions requiring stockholder approval. Specifically
 holders of Class B common stock voting together as a single class have the right to elect three directors of the Molson Coors Board of Directors
 as well as the right to vote on certain additional matters as outlined in the our Restated Certificate of Incorporation (as amended
 the &#8220;Certificate&#8221;)
 such as merger agreements that require approval under applicable law
 sales of all or substantially all of the our assets to unaffiliated third parties
 proposals to dissolve MCBC
 and certain amendments to the Certificate that require approval under applicable law
 each as further described and limited by the Certificate. The Certificate also provides that holders of Class A common stock and Class B common stock shall vote together as a single class
 on an advisory basis
The Certificate provides for the right of holders of Class&#160;A common stock to convert their stock into Class&#160;B common stock on a one-for-one basis at any time. The exchangeable shares are exchangeable at any time
On February 10
 2015
&#32;of our Class A and Class B common stock. The number
 price and timing of the repurchases will be at the Company&#8217;s sole discretion and will be evaluated depending on market conditions
 liquidity needs or other factors. The Company&#8217;s Board of Directors may suspend
state law
 these shares are not retired
 and the issuer has the right to resell any of the shares repurchased. Beginning in April 2015
 under this program
 we entered into accelerated share repurchase agreements (&#8220;ASRs&#8221;) with a financial institution. In exchange for up-front payments
 the financial institution delivers shares of our common stock during the purchase periods of each ASR. The total number of shares ultimately delivered
 and therefore the average repurchase price paid per share
 was determined at the end of the applicable purchase period of each ASR based on the volume weighted-average price of our common stock during that period. The up-front payments for the treasury stock were accounted for as a reduction to shareholders&#8217; equity in the consolidated balance sheet in the periods the payments are made. We reflected each ASR as a repurchase of common stock in the period delivered for purposes of calculating earnings per share and as forward contracts indexed to our own common stock. Each ASR met all of the applicable criteria for equity classification
 and therefore
. As a result of the pending Acquisition
In the first quarter of 2016
 we completed an underwritten public offering of our Class B common stock
Note 21
Basic earnings per share (EPS) was computed using the weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted EPS includes the additional dilutive effect of our potentially dilutive securities
 which includes restricted stock units (RSUs)
 deferred stock units (DSUs)
 performance units (PUs)
 performance share units (PSUs)
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
(In millions
Income (loss) from discontinued operations
RSUs
 DSUs
Our calculation of weighted-average shares includes Class&#160;A common stock and Class&#160;B common stock
Note 8
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
RSUs
In June 2007
&#32;convertible bonds) due July 2013. On July 30
 2013
. The required premium payment was settled in cash and entirely offset by the cash proceeds received from the settlement of the call options we purchased in 2007 related to these notes. As a result
 these notes and related call options did not impact our shares outstanding. Additionally
&#32;impact on diluted income per share for any period in which they were outstanding. Simultaneously with the issuance of these notes
 we issued warrants which began expiring in December 2013 and the final warrants expired February 6
 2014
In June 2012
&#32;convertible note). On August 13
 2013
 the embedded put option was exercised and we subsequently settled the note using cash. As a result
Note 8
&#32;for details around our share repurchase program. During 2015
. As a result of the pending Acquisition
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
1
1
2
3
(1
(1
1
1
798.0
 
 
 respectively. Loss and breakage expense related to our returnable containers
 included in the depreciation expense amounts noted above
 was 
 
 
 respectively
 and is classified within cost of goods sold in the consolidated statements of operations. Additionally
 the previously mentioned depreciation expense for 2015 and 2014 includes accelerated depreciation of 
 respectively
closures
Note 7
Balance at December 31
1
2
Balance at December 31
1
2
Balance at December 31
1
1
In July 2015
 we sold our U.K. malting facility resulting in an adjustment to the goodwill in our Europe reporting unit based on the proportionate fair value of the disposed business relative to the reporting unit. In addition
 on April 1
 2015
 we completed the acquisition of Mount Shivalik
 a regional brewer in India. As part of the purchase price accounting
 goodwill generated in conjunction with this acquisition has been recorded within our MCI segment beginning in the second quarter of 2015
 subject to normal purchase accounting adjustments
The following table presents details of our intangible assets
 other than goodwill
December&#160;31
1
3
3
5
4
The following table presents details of our intangible assets
 other than goodwill
December&#160;31
4
4
6
5
December&#160;31
 2014
December&#160;31
 2015
 are primarily driven by the impact of foreign exchange rates
 as a significant amount of intangibles are denominated in foreign currencies
the indefinite-lived brand intangible impairments recorded in the third quarter of 2015 and the change in classification of certain European brands from indefinite-lived to definite-lived
 subject to amortization as noted below. Additionally
 we wrote-off the gross value and accumulated amortization associated with our licensing agreement with Miller in Canada upon finalizing the termination in the first quarter of 2015
acquisition in the third quarter of 2015
December&#160;31
 2015
 the estimated future amortization expense of intangible assets is as follows:
 
December&#160;31
 2015
December&#160;31
 2014
December&#160;31
 2013
 respectively. This expense is presented within marketing
Note 4
We completed our required annual goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible impairment testing as of October 1
 2015
 the first day of our fiscal fourth quarter
 and concluded there were no impairments of goodwill within our Europe
 Canada or India reporting units or impairments of our indefinite-lived intangible assets. However
 due to triggering events
&#32;annual goodwill impairment testing determined that while our Canada reporting unit improved from the prior year
 our Europe reporting unit declined and was determined to be at risk of failing step one of the goodwill impairment test. Specifically
&#32;in excess of carrying value
 respectively
 as of the October 1
 2015 testing date. The excess of the fair value over the carrying value of the Europe reporting unit declined from the prior year. The decrease was driven by continued challenging macroeconomic conditions in Europe negatively impacting our business
 as well as declines in the forecasts of certain European brands
 which have been adversely impacted by competitive pressures and a continued shift in consumer trends towards value brands. These impacts were partially offset by a lower discount rate. The Canada reporting unit had an increase in the fair value in excess of the carrying value from the prior year primarily due to a lower discount rate
 an improved forecast primarily driven by cost savings initiatives and improved market multiples. Although the fair value in excess the of carrying value has increased for the Canada reporting unit from the October 1
 2014 testing date
 the fair value is sensitive to potential unfavorable changes in forecasted cash flows
 macroeconomic conditions
 market multiples or discount rates that could have an adverse impact. The fair value of the India reporting unit was deemed to approximate the carrying value of the reporting due to purchase price accounting performed as of April 1
 2015 for the Mount Shivalik acquisition
Note 1
Prior to the annual impairment testing date of October 1
 2015 and during the third quarter of 2015
 we identified impairment indicators as it pertains to certain European indefinite-lived brands driven by key changes to our underlying assumptions supporting the value of the brands. Specific changes included under-performance through the 2015 peak season which drove a downward shift in management's forecasts
 a challenging macroeconomic environment and competitive conditions not expected to subside in the near-term
 as well as higher discount rates associated with these brands. As a result
 we recorded an aggregate impairment charge across various European brands
 including 
&#32;within special items in the third quarter of 2015. Compared to previously made assumptions
related to European indefinite-lived brands as a result of our 2014 and 2013 annual impairment testing
 respectively. The remaining Europe indefinite-lived intangibles' fair values
&#32;brands
 while they faced similar macroeconomic challenges
In conjunction with the interim brand impairment review performed during the third quarter
 we also reassessed each brand's indefinite-life classification and determined that those brands which had been impaired had characteristics that indicated a definite-life assignment was more appropriate including continued pressure on these brands given the geographical markets and price segments in which they participate. Specifically
 significant competition from the value segment
 which has challenged the segment in which these brands operate with continued stress on these brands driven by on-going macroeconomic conditions. These brands were therefore reclassified as definite-lived intangible assets as of September 30
 2015
Separately
&#32;core brands in excess of carrying value decreased from the prior year
December&#160;31
 2015
$2
We utilized Level 3 fair value measurements in our impairment analysis of our indefinite-lived intangible assets
 which utilizes an excess earnings approach to determine the fair values of the assets as of the testing date
&#32;core brand intangible asset are at risk of future impairment in the event of significant unfavorable changes in the forecasted cash flows (including prolonged
 or further weakening of
 adverse economic conditions or significant unfavorable changes in tax
 environmental or other regulations
 including interpretations thereof)
 terminal growth rates
 market multiples and/or weighted-average cost of capital utilized in the discounted cash flow analyses. For testing purposes
 management's best estimates of the expected future results are the primary driver in determining the fair value. Current projections used for our Europe reporting unit testing reflect continued challenging environments in the future followed by growth resulting from a longer term recovery of the macroeconomic environment
&#32;core brand projections also reflect a continued challenging environment that has been adversely impacted by a weak economy across all industries
 as well as weakened consumer demand driven by increased competitive pressures
 partially offset by anticipated cost savings and specific brand-building and innovation activities. Fair value determinations require considerable judgment and are sensitive to changes in underlying assumptions and factors. As a result
 there can be no assurance that the estimates and assumptions made for purposes of the annual goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible impairment tests will prove to be an accurate prediction of the future. Examples of events or circumstances that could reasonably be expected to negatively affect the underlying key assumptions and ultimately impact the estimated fair value of our reporting units and indefinite-lived intangibles may include such items as:  (i) a decrease in expected future cash flows
 specifically
 a decrease in sales volume and increase in costs that could significantly impact our immediate and long-range results
 a decrease in sales volume driven by a prolonged weakness in consumer demand or other competitive pressures adversely affecting our long term volume trends
 a continuation of the trend away from core brands in certain of our markets
 especially in markets where our core brands represent a significant portion of the market
 unfavorable working capital changes and an inability to successfully achieve our cost savings targets
 (ii)&#160;adverse changes in macroeconomic conditions or an economic recovery that significantly differs from our assumptions in timing and/or degree (such as a recession or worsening of the overall European economy)
 (iii)&#160;volatility in the equity and debt markets or other country specific factors which could result in a higher weighted-average cost of capital
 (iv) sensitivity to market multiples; and (v) regulation limiting or banning the manufacturing
In April 2014
 the Ontario Premier's Advisory Council on Government Assets (the Council) began a review that included evaluating the beer retailing and distribution system in Ontario
 for which BRI is the primary beer retail and distribution channel. In April 2015
 as a result of this review and our negotiations with the Council
 we
 along with the other owners of BRI
 agreed
 in principle and subject to entry into definitive binding documents
 to enter into a new beer framework agreement (the New Framework) with the Province of Ontario. The associated Master Framework Agreement was subsequently executed by all parties on September 22
 2015
 and became effective as of January 1
Our analysis of the Canada reporting unit and related indefinite-lived intangible brand assets included consideration of the New Framework with the Province of Ontario
&#32;annual tax on all beer volume sold in Ontario (which will be phased in over four years beginning January 1
 2016)
 restrictions on price increases for certain packaging types of the largest Ontario brands until the second quarter of 2017
&#32;of capital spending through 2018
 increasing the number and types of outlets where beer is sold
 increasing the required level of shelf space allocated to small brewers in retail outlets
Based on known facts and circumstances
 we evaluate and consider other recent events and uncertain items
 as well as related potential implications
While historical performance and current expectations have resulted in fair values of our reporting units in excess of carrying values
 if our assumptions are not realized
Regarding definite-lived intangibles
During the fourth quarter of 2013
 we recorded an impairment charge of 
 as a result of the settlement with Miller in Canada
&#32;impairment charge. The valuation of the asset at that time was primarily indicative of the settlement amount
 as well as the remaining future cash flows expected to be generated under the license agreement through March 31
 2015. We received half of the mutually agreed upon settlement payment following the execution of the settlement and received the remainder upon finalization of transition at the end of the first quarter of 2015. The intangible asset was fully amortized as of the end of the first quarter of 2015 and the associated gross value and accumulated amortization balances were written off. We utilized Level 3 fair value measurements in our impairment analysis of this definite-lived intangible asset
December&#160;31
 2015
December&#160;31
 2014
December&#160;31
December 31
1
1
2
3
2
2
Note 2
September&#160;18
 2015
 Molson Coors International
 LP
 a Delaware limited partnership and a wholly-owned subsidiary of MCBC
September&#160;18
&#32;notes)
September&#160;18
&#32;notes
&#32;notes
September&#160;22
 2015
Prior to issuing the 2015 Notes
&#32;of the 2015 Notes beginning in the second quarter of 2014. At the time of the issuance of the 2015 Notes
 the government of Canada bond rates were trading at a yield lower than that locked in by the interest rate swaps
&#32;at settlement)
Note 16
During the third quarter of 2005
&#32;private placement in Canada
 which matured September 22
 2015
 and was repaid. Additionally
2010
&#32;private placement in Canada due October 6
 2017. Prior to issuing the bonds
d transactions effectively established
 in advance
 the yield of the government of Canada bond rate over which the Company's private placement was priced. At the time of the private placement offerings and pricings
bonds
bonds
On May 3
 2012
 we issued 
&#32;interest and will mature on May 1
&#32;interest and will mature on May 1
&#32;interest and will mature on May 1
 2042. The issuance resulted in total proceeds to us
 before expenses
$1
880.7 million
 net of underwriting fees and discounts of 
 respectively. Total debt issuance costs capitalized in connection with these senior notes
 including the underwriting fees and discounts
In the first quarter of 2015
&#32;notes entered into during 2014. As a result of these hedge programs
&#32;notes attributable to the benchmark interest rate were recorded as unrealized positions in interest expense in our consolidated statement of operations. As a result of fair value hedge accounting
&#32;notes include an adjustment for the change in fair value. During the fourth quarter of 2015
 we voluntarily cash settled these interest rate swaps
&#32;notes for the fair value movements of these swaps. At the time of termination
&#32;notes
 respectively. Beginning in the fourth quarter of 2015
 these cumulative adjustments will be amortized to interest expense over the expected remaining term of each respective note and will accordingly decrease the annual effective interest rate for the 
 respectively. The impact of these swaps including amortization resulted in an effective interest rate on the 
 respectively
In the first quarter of 2015
&#32;upon execution) in order to hedge a portion of the foreign currency translational impacts of our European investment. As a result of this cross currency swap and the above mentioned interest rate swaps
&#32;notes and associated interest to a floating rate EUR denomination. During the fourth quarter of 2015
Note 16
During the second quarter of 2014
-year
&#32;revolving multi-currency credit facility
&#32;commercial paper program. Concurrent with the transaction
December&#160;31
 2015
December&#160;31
 2014
&#32;available to draw on under this revolving credit facility as there were no outstanding borrowings on the revolving credit facility nor was there any outstanding commercial paper. As part of our anticipated financing for the pending Acquisition
 we amended this facility during the fourth quarter of 2015 to increase the maximum leverage ratio to 5.75x debt to EBITDA effective following the completion of the pending Acquisition
December&#160;31
 2015
&#32;in bank cash related to our cross-border
December&#160;31
 2014
&#32;in bank cash related to our cross-border
December&#160;31
 2015
December&#160;31
 2014
December&#160;31
 2015
December&#160;31
Note 18
Additionally
 during the third quarter of 2015
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
 2015
December&#160;31
 2014
December&#160;31
 2015
December&#160;31
 2014
$2
$3
240.6 million
In connection with the pending Acquisition
 on December 16
 2015
-day bridge loan agreement by and among the Company
 the lenders party thereto
 and Citibank
 N.A.
. In connection with the bridge loan
 during the year ended December 31
 2015
 we paid commitment fees of 
 which have been deferred within other current assets on the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31
 2015
-day term. For the year ended December 31
 2015
&#32;was amortized to other expense. Additionally
 on December 16
 2015
 we also entered into a term loan agreement by and among the Company
 the lenders party thereto
 and Citibank
 N.A.
-year tranche
. In connection with the term loan
 during the year ended December 31
 2015
 we paid issuance fees of 
 which have been deferred within other assets on the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31
 2015
-year term of each loan. For the year ended December 31
 2015
&#32;of the issuance fees was amortized to interest expense. As of December 31
 2015
Note 21
Under the terms of each of our debt facilities
 we must comply with certain restrictions. These include restrictions on priority indebtedness (certain threshold percentages of secured consolidated net tangible assets)
 leverage thresholds
 liens
December&#160;31
 2015
December&#160;31
 2014
December&#160;31
 2015
 the aggregate principal debt maturities of long-term debt and short-term borrowings
December&#160;31
 2015
1
2
Interest incurred
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
 2013
&#32;convertible note
&#32;for 2013
Note 16
The MCBC Incentive Compensation Plan (the Incentive Compensation Plan) was amended and restated effective February 19
 2015
 to reaffirm the ability to grant awards that are intended to qualify as performance-based compensation
&#32;share-based compensation plan as of December 31
 2015
We issue the following types of awards related to shares of Class&#160;B common stock to certain directors
 officers
 and other eligible employees
 pursuant to the Incentive Compensation Plan: RSUs
 DSUs
 PUs
 PSUs
 stock options and SOSARs.
 
 we granted 
&#32;RSUs
 respectively
 with a weighted-average market value of 
&#32;each
 respectively. Prior to vesting
DSU awards
 under the Directors' Stock Plan pursuant to the Incentive Compensation Plan
 are elections made by non-employee directors of MCBC that enable them to receive all or one-half of their annual cash retainer payments in our stock. The deferred stock unit awards are issued at the market value equal to the closing price on the date of the grant. The DSUs are paid in shares of stock upon termination of service. Prior to vesting
 DSUs have no voting rights. In 
 
 we granted a small number of DSUs with a weighted-average market value of 
&#32;per share
&#32;times the target value based on achievement of specified adjusted earnings per share targets. The PU award value can be settled in cash or shares
 or partly in cash and partly in shares
 at the discretion of the Company. If settled in shares
vesting. Prior to vesting
&#32;shares are issued and PUs have no voting or dividend rights. We account for the PUs as liabilities
 resulting in variable compensation expense until settled. The variability of compensation expense arises primarily from changing estimates of adjusted earnings per share. Changes in the price of Class&#160;B common stock during the vesting period do not impact compensation expense but will impact the number of shares ultimately issued if the awards are settled in stock. Compensation expense is determined based upon the estimated fair value and recognized over the requisite service period of the grant once we have determined that achievement of the performance condition is probable. If in the future it becomes improbable that the performance condition will be met
 previously recognized compensation cost will be reversed
 and no compensation cost will be recognized. The service condition vesting period is 
 there were no PUs granted and in 2013 there were a small number of PUs granted. As of December 31
 2015
 there are no PUs outstanding.
&#32;we granted PSUs
 rather than PUs that we had historically granted
 for performance awards. PSUs are granted with a target value established at the date of grant and vest upon completion of a service requirement. The settlement amount of the PSUs is determined based on market and performance metrics
 which include our total shareholder return performance relative to the S&amp;P 500 and specified internal performance metrics designed to drive greater shareholder return. PSU compensation expense is based on a fair value assigned to the market metric using a Monte Carlo model
 which will remain constant throughout the vesting period of three years
 and a performance multiplier
&#32;PSUs
&#32;each
 respectively.
 
 we granted 
&#32;options
 respectively
 each with a weighted-average fair value of 
 
 respectively.
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
 2015
&#32;of total unrecognized compensation cost from all share-based compensation arrangements granted under the Incentive Compensation Plan
The following table represents non-vested RSUs
 DSUs
December&#160;31
 2015
(In millions
Non-vested as of December&#160;31
Non-vested as of December&#160;31
December&#160;31
 2015
 
 
 respectively. The total share based liabilities paid for PUs vested during 
 
 and 
 
December&#160;31
 2015
December&#160;31
 2014
 was 
December&#160;31
 2015
(In millions
Outstanding as of December&#160;31
Outstanding as of December&#160;31
 2015
 
 
 respectively. During 
 
 cash received from stock options exercises was 
 
 respectively
 and the excess tax benefit to be realized for the tax deductions from these option exercises and other awards was 
 
December&#160;31
 2015
 there were 
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
 2013
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
The risk-free interest rates utilized for periods throughout the expected term of the PSUs are based on a zero-coupon U.S. Treasury security yield at the time of grant. Expected volatility is based on historical volatility of our stock as well as the stock of our peer firms
 as shown within the volatility range above
As of December 29
1
As of December 31
As of December 31
As of December 31
(1
During the first quarter of 2013
 we recorded a tax adjustment related to the reclassification of amounts from the investment in MillerCoors to AOCI that was recorded in the fourth quarter of 2012 to reflect our proportionate share of MillerCoors AOCI at formation. We made this reclassification in 2012 as we believe the new presentation provides improved transparency of our share of MillerCoors AOCI. This tax adjustment
 which should have been made in 2012 with the reclassification
We have significant levels of net assets denominated in currencies other than the USD due to our operations in foreign countries
&#32;are due to the weakening of the CAD
&#32;are primarily due to the weakening of the CAD slightly offset by the strengthening of the GBP and certain other currencies of our European operations. OCI gains/losses related to our pension and OPEB plans are due to changes in our plan obligations
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
Interest expense
Other income (expense)
Total income (loss) reclassified
Net income (loss) reclassified
Total income (loss) reclassified
Net income (loss) reclassified
Total income (loss) reclassified
Note 15
We maintain retirement plans for the majority of our employees. Depending on the benefit program
 we provide either defined benefit pension or defined contribution plans to our employees in each of our segments. Each plan is managed locally and in accordance with respective local laws and regulations. We have defined benefit pension plans in the U.K.
 Canada and Japan. All retirement plans for MCBC employees in the U.S. are defined contribution pension plans. Additionally
 we offer OPEB plans to the majority of our Canadian
 U.S. and Central European employees; these plans are not funded. MillerCoors
 BRI and BDL maintain defined benefit pension and postretirement benefit plans as well; however
December 31
December 31
December 31
The changes in the benefit obligation
For the year ended December 31
For the year ended December 31
3
4
3
3
Service cost
3
3
3
4
3
3
3
3
3
3
3
3
$3
$3
December&#160;31
 2015
December&#160;31
 2014
December&#160;31
 2014
December&#160;31
 2015
 was primarily driven by increased employer contributions
&#32;at payment date) contribution made during the first quarter of 2015
 and the increase in the discount rates used
All defined benefit pension and OPEB plans with the exception of our U.K. defined benefit plan as of December 31
 2015
As of December 31
As of December 31
3
3
3
3
2
2
Amounts recognized in AOCI not yet recognized as components of net periodic pension and OPEB cost
As of December 31
As of December 31
Changes in plan assets and benefit obligations recognized in OCI
 pretax
Accumulated other comprehensive loss (income) as of December&#160;31
Accumulated other comprehensive loss (income) as of December&#160;31
Accumulated other comprehensive loss (income) as of December 31
 2015
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December 31
December&#160;31
 2015
December&#160;31
 2014
 largely resulted from expectations for global GDP growth at a slower rate than prior years
We develop our long term expected return on assets (EROA) assumptions annually with input from independent investment specialists including our actuaries
 investment consultants and other specialists. Each EROA assumption is based on historical data
 including historical returns
 historical market rates and is calculated for each plan's individual asset class. The calculation includes inputs for interest
 inflation
 credit
Benefit obligations are actuarially calculated annually at the end of each year based on the assumptions detailed in the table below. Obligations under the OPEB plans are determined by the application of the terms of medical and life insurance plans
 together with relevant actuarial assumptions and heath care cost trend rates. The weighted-average rates used in determining the projected benefit obligation for defined pension plans and the accumulated postretirement benefit obligation for OPEB plans
December&#160;31
 2015
December&#160;31
 2014
As of December 31
As of December 31
December&#160;31
 2015
December&#160;31
 2014
The obligations of our defined benefit pension plans in Canada and the U.K. are supported by assets held in trusts for the payment of future benefits. The business segments are obligated to adequately fund these asset trusts. The underlying investments within our defined benefit pension plans include: cash and short term instruments
 debt securities
 equity securities
 investment funds
Our investment strategies for our defined benefit pension plans also consider the funding status for each plan. For defined benefit pension plans that are highly funded
 assets are invested primarily in fixed income holdings that have a similar duration to the associated liabilities. For plans with lower funding levels
 the fixed income component is managed in a similar manner to the highly funded plans. In addition to this liability-matching fixed income allocation
 these plans also contain exposure to return generating assets including: equities
 real estate
 debt
 and other investments held with the goal of producing higher returns
Both our U.K. and Canadian plans hedge a portion of the foreign exchange exposure between plan assets which are not denominated in the local plan currency and the local currency as the Canadian and U.K. pension liabilities will be settled in CAD and GBP
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
 2015
 we did not have any individual underlying asset position that composed a significant concentration of each plan's overall assets. However
 we currently have significant plan assets invested in U.K.
Further
 as our benefit plans maintain exposure to non-government investments
 a significant system-wide increase in credit spreads would also negatively impact the reported plan asset values. In general
 equity and fixed income risks have been mitigated by company-specific concentration limits and by utilizing multiple equity managers. We do have significant amounts of assets invested with individual fixed income and hedge fund managers
We use a variety of industry accepted valuation techniques to value our plan assets. The techniques vary depending upon instrument type. Whenever possible
 we prioritize the use of observable market data in our valuation processes. We use market
Note 1
December&#160;31
 2015
Cash and short-term instruments&#8212;Includes cash
 trades awaiting settlement
 bank deposits
 short-term bills and short-term notes. Our trades awaiting settlement category includes payables and receivables associated with asset purchases and sales that are awaiting final cash settlement as of year end due to the use of trade date accounting for our pension plans assets. These payables normally settle within a few business days of the purchase or sale of the respective asset. The respective assets are included in or removed from our year end plan assets and categorized in their respective asset categories in the fair value hierarchy below. We include these items in Level&#160;1 of this hierarchy
term instruments are included in Level&#160;2 of the fair value hierarchy as these are highly liquid instruments that are valued using observable inputs
Debt securities&#8212;Includes various government and corporate fixed income securities
 interest and inflation-linked assets such as bonds and swaps
 collateralized securities
 and other debt securities. The majority of the plans' fixed income assets trade on over the counter exchanges
 which provides observable inputs that are the primary data used to determine each individual investment's fair value. We also use independent pricing vendors
 as well as matrix pricing techniques. Matrix pricing uses observable data from other similar investments as the primary input to determine the individual security's fair value. Government and corporate fixed income securities are generally classified as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy as they are valued using observable inputs. Assets included in our collateralized securities include mortgage backed securities and collateralized mortgage obligations
Equities&#8212;Includes publicly traded common and other equity-like holdings
NAV per share practical expedient&#8212;Includes our debt funds
 equity funds
 hedge fund of funds
Other&#8212;Includes repurchase agreements
 recoverable taxes for taxes paid and awaiting reclaim due to the tax exempt nature of the pension plan
 venture capital
 and private equity. Repurchase agreements are agreements where our plan has created an asset exposure using borrowed assets
 creating a repurchase agreement liability
 to facilitate the trade. The assets associated with the repurchase agreement are included in the other category in the fair value hierarchy
 and the repurchase agreement liability is classified as Level&#160;1 in the hierarchy
 as the liability is valued using quoted prices in active markets. When determining the presentation of our target and asset allocations for repurchase agreements
 we are viewing the asset type
 as opposed to the investment vehicle
 and accordingly include the associated assets within fixed income
 specifically interest and inflation linked assets. We include recoverable tax items in Level&#160;1 of this hierarchy
Fair value measurements as of December&#160;31
December&#160;31
Bank deposits
1
1
1
1
(1
(1
2
2
December&#160;31
2
3
Fair value measurements as of December&#160;31
December&#160;31
Bank deposits
1
1
1
1
(1
(1
2
2
Note 2
December&#160;31
2
3
Balance at December 31
Purchases
 issuances
Balance at December 31
Purchases
 issuances
Balance at December 31
Note 2
 New Accounting Pronouncements
December&#160;31
. MillerCoors
 BRI and BDL contributions to their respective defined benefit pension plans are excluded here
 as they are not consolidated in our financial statements. Plan funding strategies are influenced by employee benefits
Expected future benefit payments for defined benefit pension and OPEB plans
December&#160;31
 2015
1
We offer defined contribution pension plans for the majority of our Canadian
&#32;of employee compensation. U.S. employees are eligible to participate in the Molson Coors Savings and Investment Plan
 a qualified defined contribution plan
 which provides for employer contributions ranging from 
 
 
December&#160;31
 2015
December&#160;31
 2014
 the plan liabilities were equal to the plan assets noted in the table below and were included in other assets and other liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets
Fair value measurements as of December&#160;31
December&#160;31
Fair value measurements as of December&#160;31
December&#160;31
We use derivatives as part of our normal business operations to manage our exposure to fluctuations in interest rates
To achieve our objectives
 we enter into a variety of financial derivatives
 including foreign currency exchange
 commodity
While
 by policy
 the counterparties to any of the financial derivatives we enter into are major institutions with investment grade credit ratings of at least A- by Standard&#160;&amp; Poor's (or the equivalent) or A3 by Moody's
 we are exposed to credit-related losses in the event of non-performance by counterparties. This credit risk is generally limited to the unrealized gains in such contracts
We have established a counterparty credit policy and guidelines that are monitored and reported to management according to prescribed guidelines to assist in managing this risk. As an additional measure
 we utilize a portfolio of institutions either headquartered or operating in the same countries that we conduct our business. In calculating the fair value of our derivative balances
We base the fair value of our derivative instruments upon market rates and prices. The volatility of these rates and prices are dependent on many factors that cannot be forecasted with reliable accuracy. The current fair values of our contracts could differ significantly from the cash settled values with our counterparties. As such
We may be forced to cash settle all or a portion of our derivative contracts before the expected settlement date upon the occurrence of certain contractual triggers including a change of control
 termination event or other breach of agreement. This could have a negative impact on our liquidity. For derivative contracts that we have designated as hedging instruments
 early cash settlement would result in the timing of our hedge settlement not being matched to the cash settlement of the forecasted transaction or firm commitment. We may also decide to cash settle all or a portion of our derivative contracts before the expected settlement date through negotiations with our counterparties
Due to the nature of our counterparty agreements
 we are not able to net positions with the same counterparty across business units. Thus
 in the event of default
 we may be required to early settle all out-of-the-money contracts
We do not receive and are not required to post collateral unless a change of control event occurs. This termination event would give either party the right to early terminate all outstanding swap transactions in the event that the other party consolidates
 merges with
 or transfers all or substantially all its assets to
 another entity
December&#160;31
 2015
Our foreign currency forwards are designated in hedging relationships as cash flow hedges. Prior to settlements discussed below
 our forward starting interest rate swaps were designated as cash flow hedges
 our interest rate swaps were designated as fair value hedges and our cross currency swaps were designated as net investment hedges. In certain situations
 we may execute derivatives that do not qualify for
 or we do not otherwise seek
 hedge accounting but are determined to be important for managing risk. For example
 our commodity swaps as well as swaptions that have been entered into subsequent to December 31
 2015
Note 21
&#32;are not designated in a hedge accounting relationship. These economic hedges are measured at fair value on our consolidated balance sheets with changes in fair value recorded in earnings. We have historically elected to apply the NPNS exemption to certain contracts
December&#160;31
 2015
We formally document all relationships receiving hedge accounting treatment between hedging instruments and hedged items
 as well as the risk-management objective and strategy for undertaking hedge transactions pursuant to prescribed guidance. We also formally assess effectiveness both at the hedge's inception and on an ongoing basis
We discontinue hedge accounting prospectively when (1)&#160;the derivative is no longer highly effective in offsetting changes in the cash flows of a forecasted future transaction; (2)&#160;the derivative expires or is sold
 terminated
When we discontinue hedge accounting prospectively
 but it continues to be probable that the forecasted transaction will occur in the originally expected period
 the existing gain or loss on the derivative remains in AOCI for cash flow hedges and net investment hedges or in the carrying value of the hedged item for fair value hedges and is reclassified into earnings when the forecasted transaction affects earnings. However
 if it is no longer probable that a forecasted transaction will occur by the end of the originally specified time period or within an additional two-month period of time thereafter
 the gains and losses in AOCI are recognized immediately in earnings. In all situations in which hedge accounting is discontinued and the derivative remains outstanding
 we carry the derivative at its fair value on the consolidated balance sheets until maturity
In June 2012
&#32;Convertible Note to StarBev L.P. simultaneous with the closing of the StarBev acquisition. The Convertible Note's embedded conversion feature was determined to meet the definition of a derivative required to be bifurcated and separately accounted for at fair value with changes in fair value recorded in earnings. In the first quarter of 2013
 we began executing a series of financial foreign exchange forward contracts to hedge our risk associated with payments on this Convertible Note. In 2013
. The related conversion feature was settled in full during 2013 and as a result
 all existing foreign exchange forward contracts related to the Convertible Note were settled in the third quarter of 2013. These contracts were not designated in hedge accounting relationships. As such
In the first quarter of 2015
&#32;hedges and paid a rate to our counterparties based on a credit spread plus the three month LIBOR rate
&#32;notes that results from fluctuations in the benchmark interest rate
 specifically LIBOR
December&#160;31
 2015
&#32;notes
 respectively
 and recorded in interest expense in our consolidated statement of operations
&#32;notes attributable to the benchmark interest rate
December&#160;31
 2014
&#32;notes recorded in interest expense in our condensed consolidated statement of operations
&#32;notes attributable to the benchmark interest rate
During the fourth quarter of 2015
 we voluntarily cash settled our notional of 
 respectively
Note 12
&#32;notes
&#32;in order to manage our exposure to the volatility of the interest rates associated with the future interest payments on the forecasted debt issuances. The swaps had an effective date of September 2015 and a termination date of September 2025 mirroring the terms of the initially forecasted debt issuance. Under these agreements we were required to early terminate these swaps at the approximate time we issued the previously forecasted debt. We had designated these contracts as cash flow hedges and accordingly
&#32;notes
 respectively
Additionally
&#32;private placements notes in Canada
 we entered into forward starting interest rate swaps in order to manage our exposure to the volatility of the interest rates associated with the future interest payments on the forecasted debt issuances. These swaps had effective dates mirroring the terms of the forecasted debt issuances. Under these agreements we were required to early terminate these swaps at the approximate time we issued the previously forecasted debt. We had designated these contracts as cash flow hedges of a portion of the interest payments on a future forecasted debt issuance. As a result
 the realization of the forward starting interest rate swap upon debt issuance
 which were originally recorded to AOCI
Note 12
 Debt
In the first quarter of 2015
&#32;upon execution) in order to hedge a portion of the foreign currency translational impacts of our European investment. We received floating interest payments quarterly based on a credit spread plus the three month LIBOR (USD coupon) and paid a floating rate to our counterparty based on a credit spread plus EURIBOR (EUR coupon). As a result of this cross currency swap and the above mentioned interest rate swaps
&#32;notes and associated interest to a floating rate EUR denomination. We designated this cross currency swap as a net investment hedge and accordingly
 recorded changes in fair value due to fluctuations in the spot rate to AOCI. During the fourth quarter 2015
During 2013
&#32;notional
&#32;and in January 2014
December&#160;31
 2015
 and December 31
 2014
As of year end
 we have financial foreign exchange forward contracts in place to manage our exposure to foreign currency fluctuations. We hedge foreign currency exposure related to certain royalty agreements
 exposure associated with the purchase of production inputs and imports that are denominated in currencies other than the functional entity's local currency
As of year end
 we had financial commodity swap contracts in place to hedge changes in the prices of natural gas
 aluminum
 including surcharges relating to our aluminum exposures
relationships. As such
 changes in fair value of these swaps are recorded in cost of goods sold in the consolidated statements of operations. We hedge forecasted purchases of natural gas up to 
 aluminum up to 
&#32;out in the future for use in our supply chain
 in line with our risk management policy. For purposes of measuring segment operating performance
 the unrealized changes in fair value of the swaps not designated in hedge accounting relationships are reported in Corporate outside of the segment specific operating results until such time that the exposure we are managing is realized. At that time we reclassify the gain or loss from Corporate to the operating segment
We utilize market approaches to estimate the fair value of our derivative instruments by discounting anticipated future cash flows derived from the derivative's contractual terms and observable market interest
 foreign exchange and commodity rates. The fair values of our derivatives also include credit risk adjustments to account for our counterparties' credit risk
December&#160;31
 2015
December&#160;31
Note 1
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
 2015
December&#160;31
 2015
December&#160;31
 2014
December&#160;31
 2015
December&#160;31
 2014
December&#160;31
 2013
For the year ended December 31
Interest expense
Interest expense
Other income (expense)
Other income (expense)
For the year ended December 31
Other income (expense)
Other income (expense)
For the year ended December 31
Interest expense
For the year ended December 31
Interest expense
Interest expense
Other income (expense)
Other income (expense)
For the year ended December 31
Other income (expense)
Other income (expense)
For the year ended December 31
Interest expense
For the year ended December 31
Interest expense
Interest expense
Other income (expense)
Other income (expense)
For the year ended December 31
Other income (expense)
Other income (expense)
Other income (expense)
Other income (expense)
December&#160;31
 2015
 will be reclassified into earnings within the next 12 months. For derivatives designated in cash flow hedge relationships
December&#160;31
 2015
For the year ended December 31
Other income (expense)
For the year ended December 31
For the year ended December 31
Interest expense
Other income (expense)
Other income (expense)
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
1
1
Includes current liabilities related to derivatives
 income taxes
December&#160;31
 2015
&#32;of the letters contain a feature that automatically renews the letter for an additional year if no cancellation notice is submitted. These letters of credit are being maintained as security for deferred compensation payments
 reimbursements to insurance companies
 reimbursements to the trustee for pension payments
 deductibles or retention payments made on our behalf
 various payments due to governmental agencies
 operations of underground storage tanks and other general business purposes
December&#160;31
 2015
Note 4
&#32;for more details. Additionally
 related to our previous ownership in the Montr&#233;al Canadiens
 we guarantee its obligations under a ground lease for the Bell Centre Arena (the Ground Lease Guarantee). Upon sale of our interest
&#32;letter of credit to guarantee such indemnity. This transaction did not materially affect our risk exposure related to the Ground Lease Guarantee
December&#160;31
 2015
December&#160;31
 2014
 related to the Ground Lease Guarantee
We have various long-term supply contracts with unaffiliated third parties and our joint venture partners to purchase materials used in production and packaging. The supply contracts provide that we purchase certain minimum levels of materials throughout the terms of the contracts. Additionally
Note 4
December&#160;31
. The amounts in the table do not represent all anticipated payments under long-term contracts. Rather
2
194.9
 
$1
$1
042.7 million
We have various long-term non-cancelable commitments for advertising
 sponsorships and promotions
 including marketing at sports arenas
December&#160;31
 2015
 these future commitments are as follows:
 
 
December&#160;31
 2015
 future minimum lease payments under operating leases that have initial or remaining non-cancelable terms in excess of one year are as follows:
 
 
In 2006
 we sold our entire equity interest in Kaiser to FEMSA. The terms of the sale agreement require us to indemnify FEMSA for certain exposures related to tax
 civil and labor contingencies arising prior to FEMSA's purchase of Kaiser. In addition
 we provided an indemnity to FEMSA for losses Kaiser may incur with respect to tax claims associated with certain previously utilized purchased tax credits. We settled a portion of our tax credit indemnity obligation during 2010. The maximum potential claims amount for the remainder of the purchased tax credits (which we believe present less risk than those previously settled)
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
 2015
 was 
Our estimates consider a number of scenarios for the ultimate resolution of these issues
 the probabilities of which are influenced not only by legal developments in Brazil but also by management's intentions with regard to various alternatives that could present themselves leading to the ultimate resolution of these issues. The liabilities are impacted by changes in estimates regarding amounts that could be paid
 the timing of such payments
Additionally
 we also provided FEMSA with indemnity related to all other tax
 civil
 and labor contingencies existing as of the date of sale. In this regard
 however
 FEMSA assumed their full share of all of these contingent liabilities that had been previously recorded and disclosed by us prior to the sale on January&#160;13
 2006. However
&#32;equity interest of Kaiser
. As a result of these contract provisions
 our estimates include not only probability-weighted potential cash outflows associated with indemnity provisions
 but also probability-weighted cash inflows that could result from favorable settlements
 which could occur through negotiation or settlement programs arising from the federal or any of the various state governments in Brazil. The recorded value of the tax
 civil
December&#160;31
 2015
 which is classified as non-current. For the remaining portion of our indemnity obligations
 not deemed probable
Future settlement procedures and related negotiation activities associated with these contingencies are largely outside of our control. The sale agreement requires annual cash settlements relating to the tax
 civil
 and labor indemnities. Indemnity obligations related to purchased tax credits must be settled upon notification of FEMSA's settlement. Due to the uncertainty involved with the ultimate outcome and timing of these contingencies
 significant adjustments to the carrying values of the indemnity obligations have been recorded to date
 and additional future adjustments may be required. These liabilities are denominated in Brazilian Reais and are therefore
 subject to foreign exchange gains or losses
December&#160;29
 2012
December&#160;31
Balance at December 29
Balance at December 31
Balance at December 31
Balance at December 31
The gains (losses) recorded for the Kaiser indemnities and the distribution litigation are presented within discontinued operations. The table below summarizes the income (loss) from discontinued operations
 net of tax
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
Income (loss) from discontinued operations
Related to litigation
 other disputes and environmental issues
December&#160;31
 2015
December&#160;31
. We believe that any reasonably possible losses in excess of the amounts accrued are immaterial to our consolidated financial statements
In addition to the specific cases discussed below
 we are involved in other disputes and legal actions arising in the ordinary course of our business. While it is not feasible to predict or determine the outcome of these proceedings
 in our opinion
 based on a review with legal counsel
 none of these disputes and legal actions is expected to have a material impact on our business
 consolidated financial position
 results of operations or cash flows. However
During the fourth quarter of 2014 and the first quarter of 2015
 we received assessments from a local country regulatory authority related to indirect tax calculations in our Europe operations during the 29 month period prior to receipt of the most recent assessment. The aggregate amount of the assessments received is approximately 
December&#160;31
.&#160;While we intend to vigorously challenge the validity of these assessments and defend our position regarding the method of calculation
 if the assessments
 as issued
 are ultimately upheld
 they could materially affect our results of operations. Specifically
 if fully upheld
 we would be required to record a charge at the high-end of the below range of loss
 and this charge and on-going implications to our calculations would negatively impact our current and future operating income
 respectively.&#160;Based on the assessments received and related impacts
 we estimate a current range of loss of 
December&#160;31
. We continue to apply the methodology challenged in the assessments while the regulatory appeal process remains ongoing
 and
 as a result
to these matters in the second quarter of 2013 as we finalized purchase price accounting related to the acquisition of StarBev. During the first quarter of 2014
 these matters were favorably resolved and we released the associated indirect-tax and income-tax-related reserves
 inclusive of post-acquisition accrued interest
&#32;recorded within marketing
. As a result of the resolution
 in the first quarter of 2014
While we cannot predict the eventual aggregate cost for environmental and related matters in which we are currently involved
 we believe that any payments
 if required
 for these matters would be made over a period of time in amounts that would not be material in any one year to our results from operations
On December 12
 2014
 a notice of action captioned David Hughes and 631992 Ontario Inc. v. Liquor Control Board of Ontario
 Brewers Retail Inc.
 Labatt Breweries of Canada LP
 Molson Coors Canada and Sleeman Breweries Ltd. No. CV-14-518059-00CP was filed in Ontario
 Canada. Brewers' Retail&#160;Inc. (BRI) and its owners
 including Molson Coors Canada
 as well as the Liquor Control Board of Ontario (LCBO) are named as defendants in the action. The plaintiffs allege that The Beer Store (retail outlets owned and operated by BRI) and LCBO improperly entered into an agreement to fix prices and market allocation within the Ontario beer market to the detriment of licensees and consumers. The plaintiffs seek to have the claim certified as a class action on behalf of all Ontario beer consumers and licensees and
 among other things
. We note that The Beer Store operates according to the rules established by the Government of Ontario for regulation
 sale and distribution of beer in the province. Additionally
 prices at The Beer Store are independently set by each brewer and are approved by the LCBO on a weekly basis. As such
When we determine it is probable that a liability for environmental matters or other legal actions exists and the amount of the loss is reasonably estimable
 an estimate of the future costs is recorded as a liability in the financial statements. Costs that extend the life
 increase the capacity or improve the safety or efficiency of our assets or are incurred to mitigate or prevent future environmental contamination may be capitalized. Other environmental costs are expensed when incurred. Total environmental expenditures recognized as other expense for 
Our Canada brewing operations are subject to provincial environmental regulations and local permit requirements. Our Montr&#233;al and Toronto breweries have water treatment facilities to pre-treat waste water before it goes to the respective local governmental facility for final treatment. We have environmental programs in Canada including organization
 monitoring and verification
 regulatory compliance
 reporting
 education and training
We sold a chemical specialties business in 1996. We are still responsible for certain aspects of environmental remediation
 undertaken or planned
We were previously notified that we are or may be a potentially responsible party (PRP) under the Comprehensive Environmental Response
 Compensation and Liability Act or similar state laws for the cleanup of sites where hazardous substances have allegedly been released into the environment. We cannot predict with certainty the total costs of cleanup
 our share of the total cost
 the extent to which contributions will be available from other parties
We are one of a number of entities named by the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) as a PRP at the Lowry Superfund site. This landfill is owned by the City and County of Denver (Denver) and is managed by Waste Management of Colorado
&#160;Inc. (Waste Management). In 1990
 we recorded a pretax charge of 
&#32;(in 1992 adjusted dollars). We are obligated to pay a portion of future costs
 if any
&#32;threshold
income taxes
 which we believe are not an included cost
Based on these assumptions
December&#160;31
 2015
 are approximately 
 respectively. We did not assume any future recoveries from insurance companies in the estimate of our liability
Considering the estimates extend through the year 2032 and the related uncertainties at the site
 including what additional remedial actions may be required by the EPA
&#32;is reached
 the estimate of our liability may change as further facts develop. We cannot predict the amount of any such change
In prior years
 we have been notified by the EPA and certain state environmental divisions that we are a PRP
 along with other parties
 at the Cooper Drum site in southern California
 the East Rutherford and Berry's Creek sites in New Jersey and the Chamblee and Smyrna sites in Georgia. Certain former non-beer business operations
 which we discontinued use of and sold in the mid-1990s
We are aware of groundwater contamination at some of our properties in Colorado resulting from historical
 ongoing
capital expenditures
 results of operations or our financial or competitive position
In September 2015
 the Environment Agency (&#8220;EA&#8221;) in the U.K. charged one of our subsidiaries with causing or contributing to a sewage fungus problem in a freshwater drain near the Alton brewery
 which we closed in the second quarter of 2015. A hearing at the Basingstoke Magistrate&#8217;s Court (Environment Agency v Molson Coors Brewer (U.K. ) Limited) is scheduled for the first quarter of 2016
For purposes of this Note&#160;19
 including the tables
 Parent Guarantor and 2012 Issuer shall mean MCBC and Subsidiary Guarantors shall mean certain Canadian
 U.S. and European subsidiaries reflecting the substantial operations of each of our Canada and U.S. segments
On May 3
 2012
&#32;of senior notes
 in a registered public offering
&#32;senior notes due 2017
&#32;senior notes due 2022
Note 12
September&#160;22
 2005
&#32;privately placed notes maturing on September 22
&#32;senior notes which were quantified by way of a prospectus in Canada. In connection with an internal corporate reorganization
September&#160;22
September&#160;18
 2015
. Both offerings are guaranteed by MCBC
September&#160;22
 2015
 and local regulatory approval
None of our other outstanding debt is publicly registered
Note 12
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
 2015
December&#160;31
 2014
December&#160;31
 2013
December&#160;31
 2015
December&#160;31
 2014
December&#160;31
 2015
December&#160;31
 2014
December&#160;31
. Investments in subsidiaries are accounted for under the equity method; accordingly
 entries necessary to consolidate the Parent Guarantor and all of our guarantor and non-guarantor subsidiaries are reflected in the eliminations column. In the opinion of management
Note 2
DECEMBER&#160;31
4
1
5
(1
(1
2
3
(1
(2
1
1
Marketing
(1
Special items
Interest income (expense)
Other income (expense)
Income (loss) from discontinued operations
DECEMBER&#160;31
4
1
5
(1
(1
3
1
4
(1
(2
1
1
Marketing
(1
Special items
Interest income (expense)
Other income (expense)
Income (loss) from discontinued operations
DECEMBER&#160;31
4
1
5
(1
(1
3
1
4
(1
(2
1
1
Marketing
(1
Special items
Interest income (expense)
Other income (expense)
1
Income (loss) from discontinued operations
1
(1
DECEMBER&#160;31
Accounts receivable
Other receivables
Other current assets
3
(4
4
(4
1
Properties
1
1
Other intangibles
3
1
4
2
2
12
3
5
(21
Other assets
12
16
9
(26
12
1
3
(4
3
1
(4
1
1
1
2
4
(5
5
3
6
(9
5
7
17
3
(21
7
(4
5
7
13
3
(16
7
7
13
3
(16
7
12
16
9
(26
12
DECEMBER&#160;31
Accounts receivable
Other receivables
Other current assets
3
(3
4
(3
1
Properties
1
1
1
1
2
Other intangibles
3
1
5
2
2
12
3
5
(22
Other assets
12
16
10
(25
13
1
2
(3
2
2
(3
2
1
2
1
5
(6
4
4
7
(10
6
7
18
4
(22
7
(5
(1
6
7
12
2
(15
7
7
12
2
(15
7
12
16
10
(25
13
DECEMBER&#160;31
Acquisition of businesses
(1
(1
1
1
DECEMBER&#160;31
1
(1
(1
1
1
DECEMBER&#160;31
1
(1
(1
1
1
(1
(1
(In millions
1
1
1
1
5
(1
1
1
3
(2
1
Income (loss) from discontinued operations
(In millions
1
1
1
1
5
(1
1
1
4
(2
1
Income (loss) from discontinued operations
On November 11
 2015
 Anheuser-Busch InBev SA/NV&#8217;s (&#8220;ABI&#8221;) announced it had entered into a definitive agreement to acquire SABMiller plc (&#8220;SABMiller&#8221;). The resulting transaction (&#8220;ABI/SABMiller transaction&#8221;) is currently expected to be finalized in the second half of 2016 subject to ABI and SABMiller shareholder approval and various global regulatory approvals. Concurrently
 on November 11
 2015
 we entered into a purchase agreement (the &#8220;Purchase Agreement&#8221;) with ABI to acquire
 contingent upon the closing of the acquisition of SABMiller by ABI pursuant to the ABI/SABMiller transaction
 all of SABMiller&#8217;s 58% economic interest and 50% voting interest in MillerCoors and all trademarks
&#32;in cash
 subject to downward adjustment as described in the Purchase Agreement (the &#8220;Acquisition&#8221;). Following the closing of the pending Acquisition
 the Company will own 100% of the outstanding equity and voting interests of MillerCoors. Further
 as we plan to elect to treat the Acquisition as an asset acquisition for U.S. tax purposes
 we expect to receive substantial cash tax benefits for the first 15 years after completion. The pending Acquisition is based on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Purchase Agreement
 as incorporated herein by reference as Exhibit 2.4 of Part IV Item 15. The pending Acquisition is expected to be financed through a combination of incremental debt and equity
 along with cash on hand. Specifically
 in connection with the pending Acquisition
 on December 16
 2015
 MCBC entered into a 
 364-day bridge loan agreement by and among the Company
 the lenders party thereto
 and Citibank
 N.A.
 as Administrative Agent. Additionally
 on December 16
 2015
&#32;term loan agreement by and among the Company
 the lenders party thereto
 and Citibank
 N.A.
 as Administrative Agent. See Note 12
On February 3
 2016
 we received proceeds of 
 net of issuance and other fees from our January 26
 2016
&#32;shares of our Class B common stock
 inclusive of the underwriters' option to purchase additional shares
 which reduced the commitment on our bridge loan to 
 representing the amount MCBC expects to replace with permanent long-term financing between now and the consummation of the pending Acquisition. Related to this expected long-term financing
&#32;to hedge a portion of our anticipated long-term debt issuance. We intend to terminate and settle these swaptions upon maturity or immediately prior to the completion of the associated pending debt issuance in the event that occurs prior to maturity. Additionally
 in order to maximize the yield on the cash received from the equity issuance
 while maintaining liquidity
At this time
 we anticipate this acquisition will close in the second half of 2016
Under the supervision and with the participation of our management
 including our Chief Executive Officer and Interim Chief Financial Officer
 we conducted an evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures as such item is defined under Rule&#160;13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (Exchange Act). Based on this evaluation
December&#160;31
 2015
 to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in our reports under the Exchange Act is recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC rules and forms and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management
 including our Chief Executive Officer and Interim Chief Financial Officer
 as appropriate
 to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Management necessarily applies its judgment in assessing the costs and benefits of such controls and procedures that
 by their nature
 can only provide reasonable assurance regarding management's control objectives. Also
purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i)&#160;pertain to the maintenance of records that
 in reasonable detail
 accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii)&#160;provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
 and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii)&#160;provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use
Because of the inherent limitations
 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also
 projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become ineffective due to changes in conditions
Our Chief Executive Officer and Interim Chief Financial Officer
 with assistance from other members of management
December&#160;31
 2015
&#32;(the 2013 Framework)
 issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on its evaluation
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
 2015
December&#160;31
 2015
 that have materially affected
 or are reasonably likely to materially affect
ITEM&#160;10.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;DIRECTORS
All of Molson Coors' directors and employees
 including its Chief Executive Officer
 Interim Chief Financial Officer
 and other senior financial officers
 are bound by Molson Coors' Code of Business Conduct
 which complies with the requirements of the New York Stock Exchange and the SEC to ensure that the business of Molson Coors is conducted in a legal and ethical manner. The Code of Business Conduct covers all areas of professional conduct
 including employment policies
 conflicts of interest
 fair dealing
 and the protection of confidential information
 as well as strict adherence to all laws and regulations applicable to the conduct of our business. A copy of the Code of Business Conduct is available on the Molson Coors website
 www.molsoncoors.com. Molson Coors intends to disclose amendments to
 or waivers from
Stockholders and other interested parties may communicate directly with the Chairman of the Board
 Chairman of the Audit Committee
 the independent Directors as a group or the non-employee Directors as a group by writing to those individuals or the group at the following address: Molson Coors Brewing Company
 c/o Corporate Secretary
 1801 California Street
 Suite 4600
 Denver
Additional information concerning our executive officers
&#32;annual meeting of stockholders
December&#160;31
&#32;annual meeting of stockholders
December&#160;31
&#32;annual meeting of stockholders
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
outstanding options
outstanding options
2
498
6
790
2
498
6
790
Under the Incentive Compensation Plan
 we may issue restricted stock units (RSUs)
 deferred stock units (DSUs)
730
&#32;RSUs and DSUs
463
1
304
&#32;options
 respectively
December&#160;31
. See Part&#160;II&#8212;Item&#160;8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
Note 13
the Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion. Outstanding RSUs
ITEM&#160;13.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS
&#32;annual meeting of stockholders
December&#160;31
&#32;annual meeting of stockholders
December&#160;31
ITEM&#160;15.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;EXHIBITS
Financial Statements
December&#160;31
 2015
December&#160;31
 2014
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
 2015
December&#160;31
 2014
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
 2015
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
 2015
December&#160;31
 2014
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
 2015
December&#160;31
 2014
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
 2015
December&#160;31
 2014
December&#160;31
Agreement
 dated as of April 3
 2012
 by and among Molson Coors Brewing Company
April 3
Amendment and Novation Agreement
 dated as of June 14
 2012
 by and between Molson Coors Holdco 2 LLC
 Molson Coors Netherlands B.V.
 Molson Coors Brewing Company
June 18
Management Warranty Deed
 dated as of April 3
 2012
 by and among the management warrantors named therein
April 3
Purchase Agreement
 dated as of November 11
 2015
November 12
December&#160;9
August 6
August&#160;4
Indenture
 dated as of October&#160;6
 2010
 by and among Molson Coors International LP
 the guarantors named therein and Computershare Trust Company of Canada
February 22
First Supplemental Indenture
 dated as of October&#160;6
 2010
 to the Indenture dated October 6
 2010
 by and among Molson Coors International LP
 the guarantors named therein and Computershare Trust Company of Canada
February 22
Second Supplemental Indenture
 dated as of December&#160;25
 2010
 to the Indenture dated October&#160;6
 2010
 among Molson Coors International&#160;LP
 the guarantors named therein and Computershare Trust Company of Canada
August 3
Third Supplemental Indenture
 dated as of March&#160;8
 2011
 to the Indenture dated October&#160;6
 2010
 among Molson Coors International&#160;LP
 the guarantors named therein and Computershare Trust Company of Canada
August 3
Fourth Supplemental Indenture
 dated as of November 11
 2011
 to the Indenture dated October 6
 2010
 by and among Molson Coors International&#160;LP
 the guarantors named therein and Computershare Trust Company of Canada
February 27
Fifth Supplemental Indenture
 dated as of May 3
 2012
 to the Indenture dated October 6
 2010
 among Molson Coors International LP
 the guarantors named therein and Computershare Trust Company of Canada
Sixth Supplemental Indenture
 dated as of June 15
 2012
 to the Indenture dated October 6
 2010
 by and among Molson Coors International&#160;LP
 the guarantors named therein and Computershare Trust Company of Canada
August 8
Indenture
 dated as of May 3
 2012
 by and among the Company
 the guarantors named therein and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas
May 3
First Supplemental Indenture
 dated as of May 3
 2012
 to the Indenture dated May 3
 2012
 by and among the Company
 the guarantors named therein and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas
May 3
Second Supplemental Indenture
 dated as of June 15
 2012
 to the Indenture dated May 3
 2012
 by and among the Company
 the guarantors named therein and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas
August 8
Registration Rights Agreement
 dated as of February&#160;9
 2005
 among Adolph Coors Company
 Pentland Securities (1981)&#160;Inc.
 4280661 Canada&#160;Inc.
 Nooya Investments&#160;Ltd.
 Lincolnshire Holdings Limited
 4198832 Canada&#160;Inc.
 BAX Investments Limited
 6339522 Canada&#160;Inc.
 Barleycorn Investments&#160;Ltd.
 DJS Holdings&#160;Ltd.
 6339549 Canada&#160;Inc.
 Hoopoe Holdings&#160;Ltd.
 6339603 Canada&#160;Inc.
 and The Adolph Coors
&#160;Jr. Trust dated September&#160;12
February 15
Indenture
 dated as of September 18
 2015
 among Molson Coors International LP
 the guarantors named therein and Computershare Trust Company of Canada
September 18
First Supplemental Indenture
 dated as of September 18
 2015
 among Molson Coors International LP
 the guarantors named therein and Computershare Trust Company of Canada
September 18
Second Supplemental Indenture
 dated as of September 18
 2015
 among Molson Coors International LP
 the guarantors named therein and Computershare Trust Company of Canada
September 18
Amended and Restated Directors' Stock Plan effective May 31
August 8
August 6
August 4
August 4
November 7
November 7
November 7
February 12
May 11
Molson Coors Brewing Company Amended and Restated Change in Control Protection Program effective January&#160;1
August 8
February 14
Employment Agreement between Molson Coors Brewing Company and Peter&#160;H. Coors dated January&#160;1
May 6
February 14
Letter Agreement between Coors Brewing Company
 Molson Coors Brewing Company and Peter&#160;H. Coors amending (1)&#160;the Amended Salary Continuation Agreement between Coors Brewing Company and Peter&#160;H. Coors dated July&#160;1
 1991 (as subsequently amended)
 and (2)&#160;the Molson Coors Brewing Excess Benefit Plan
 as restated effective June&#160;30
 2008 (as subsequently amended)
 effective January&#160;1
May 6
Employment Letter between Molson Coors Brewing Company and Gavin Hattersley dated May 10
August 8
Interim CEO employment letter between Molson Coors Brewing Company and Gavin Hattersley
 dated May 6
August 6
Credit Agreement
 dated as of June 18
 2014
 by and among Molson Coors Brewing Company
 Molson Coors Brewing Company (UK) Limited
 Molson Canada 2005
 Molson Coors Canada Inc. and Molson Coors International LP
 the Lenders party thereto
 Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch
 as Administrative Agent and an Issuing Bank
 Deutsche Bank AG
 Canada Branch
 as Canadian Administrative Agent
 and Bank of America
 N.A.
August 6
First Amendment
 dated as of December 16
 2015
 to that certain Credit Agreement
 dated as of June 18
 2014
 by and among Molson Coors Brewing Company
 Molson Coors International LP
 Molson Canada 2005
 Molson Coors Canada Inc. and Molson Coors Brewing Company (UK) Limited
 the lenders party thereto
 Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch
 as Administrative Agent
 and Deutsche Bank AG
 Canada Branch
December 17
Subsidiary Guarantee Agreement
 dated as of June 18
 2014
 among Molson Coors Brewing Company
 Molson Coors International LP
 Coors Brewing Company
 CBC Holdco LLC
 CBC Holdco 2 LLC
 MC Holding Company LLC
 Newco3
 Inc.
 Molson Coors Holdco Inc.
 Molson Coors Capital Finance ULC
 Molson Coors International General
 ULC
 Coors International Holdco
 ULC
 Molson Coors Callco ULC
 Molson Coors Canada Holdco
 ULC
 Molson Holdco
 ULC
 3230600 Nova Scotia Company ULC
 Molson Canada 2005
 Molson Coors Canada Inc.
 Molson Inc.
 Molson Coors Brewing Company (UK) Limited
 Molson Coors Holdings Limited
 Golden Acquisition
 Molson Coors (UK) Holdings LLP
 and Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch
August 6
Joint Venture Agreement
 dated December&#160;20
 2007
 by and among Molson Coors Brewing Company
 Coors Brewing Company
 SABMiller&#160;plc
 Miller Brewing Company
December 21
Amendment No.&#160;1 to Joint Venture Agreement dated as of April&#160;4
 2008
 to the Joint Venture Agreement dated December&#160;20
 2007
 by and among Molson Coors Brewing Company
 Coors Brewing Company
 SABMiller&#160;plc
 Miller Brewing Company
August 6
Amendment No.&#160;2 to Joint Venture Agreement dated as of April&#160;4
 2008
 to the Joint Venture Agreement dated December&#160;20
 2007
 by and among Molson Coors Brewing Company
 Coors Brewing Company
 SABMiller&#160;plc
 Miller Brewing Company
August 6
Amendment No.&#160;3 to Joint Venture Agreement dated as of July&#160;1
 2008
 to the Joint Venture Agreement dated December&#160;20
 2007
 by and among Molson Coors Brewing Company
 Coors Brewing Company
 SABMiller&#160;plc
 Miller Brewing Company
August 6
Amended and Restated Operating Agreement of MillerCoors&#160;LLC
 dated as of July&#160;1
July 2
March 20
Executive Employment Agreement between Molson Coors Brewing Company and Mark R. Hunter
 dated as of November 13
November 18
Variation Agreement dated November 12
February 14
Employment letter between Molson Coors Brewing Company and Krishnan Anand
 dated as of November 2
May 7
Directors Service Agreement between Molson Coors Brewing Company (UK) Ltd. (f/k/a Coors Brewers Ltd.) and David A. Heede
 dated March 17
Secondment Letter between Molson Coors Brewing Company (UK) Ltd. and David A. Heede
 dated September 24
Addendum to Secondment Letter between Molson Coors Brewing Company (UK) Ltd. and David A. Heede
 dated April 1
Assignment Letter between Molson Coors Brewing Company and David A. Heede
 dated November 10
364-Day Bridge Loan Agreement
 dated as of December 16
 2015
 by and among Molson Coors Brewing Company
 the lenders party thereto and Citibank
 N.A.
December 17
Term Loan Agreement
 dated as of December 16
 2015
 by and among Molson Coors Brewing Company
 the lenders party thereto and Citibank
 N.A.
December 17
December&#160;31
 2015
December&#160;31
 2014
December&#160;31
 2013
December&#160;31
 2015
December&#160;31
 2014
December&#160;31
 2013
December&#160;31
 2015
December&#160;31
 2014
December&#160;31
 2015
December&#160;31
 2014
December&#160;31
 2013
December&#160;31
 2015
December&#160;31
 2014
December&#160;31
 2013
 (vi) the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
December 31
December 31
December 31
December 31
December 31
December 31
December 31
December 31
December 31
December 31
December 31
December 31
December 31
December 31
December 31
Amounts related to write-offs of uncollectible accounts
See Part&#160;II&#8212;Item&#160;8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
Note 6
Pursuant to the requirements of Section&#160;13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
February&#160;11
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
February&#160;11
 2016














		


FIFTH SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE DATED AS OF MAY 3
dated as of October 6
MOLSON COORS INTERNATIONAL LP
THE GUARANTORS NAMED THEREIN
COMPUTERSHARE TRUST COMPANY OF CANADA
THIS FIFTH SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE
 dated as of May 3
 2012 (this &#8220;Supplemental Indenture&#8221;)
 to the Indenture dated as of October 6
 2010
 as supplemented by the First Supplemental Indenture thereto dated as of October 6
 2010
 as supplemented by the Second Supplemental Indenture dated December 25
 2010
 as supplemented by the Third Supplemental Indenture dated March 8
 2011
 as supplemented by the Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated November 11
 201 I (the &#8220;Original Indenture&#8221;)
 is entered into among MOLSON COORS INTERNATIONAL LP
 a Delaware limited partnership (the &#8220;Issuer&#8221;)
 MOLSON COORS BREWING COMPANY
 a  Delaware corporation &#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;(the &#8220;Parent Guarantor&#8221;)
 COORS BREWING COMPANY
 a Colorado corporation
 MOLSON CANADA 2005
 an Ontario partnership
 CBC HOLDCO LLC
 a Colorado corporation
 COORS INTERNATIONAL HOLDCO ULC
 a Nova Scotia unlimited liability company
 MOLSON COORS CALLCO ULC
 a Nova Scotia unlimited liability company
 MOLSON COORS INTERNATIONAL GENERAL ULC
 a Nova Scotia unlimited liability company
 MOLSON COORS CAPITAL FINANCE ULC
 a Nova Scotia unlimited liability company
 MC HOLDING COMPANY LLC
 a Colorado limited liability company
 CBC HOLDCO 2
 LLC
 a Colorado corporation
 NEWC03
 INC.
 a Colorado corporation
 MOLSON COORS BREWING COMPANY (UK) LIMITED
 an English private limited company
 MOLSON COORS HOLDINGS LIMITED
 an English private limited company and GOLDEN ACQUISITION
 an English private unlimited company (collectively
 the &#8220;Subsidiary Guarantors&#8221; and
 together with the Parent Guarantor
 the &#8220;Guarantors&#8221;)
 and COMPUTERSHARE TRUST COMPANY OF CANADA
WHEREAS
 the Company
NOW
 THEREFORE
Molson Coors Brewing Company (UK) Limited
 Molson Coors Holdings Limited and Golden Acquisition each hereby agrees to guarantee payment of the Securities as a Subsidiary Guarantor
Except as expressly amended or supplemented hereby
 the Original Indenture is in all respects ratified and confirmed and all the terms
 conditions and provisions thereof shall remain in full force and effect.  This Supplemental Indenture shall form a part of the Original Indenture for all purposes
 and every Holder of any Securities heretofore or hereafter authenticated and delivered pursuant thereto shall be bound hereby.  Except only insofar as the Original Indenture may be inconsistent with the express provisions of this Supplemental Indenture
 in which case the terms of this Supplemental Indenture shall govern and supersede those contained in the Original Indenture
This Supplemental Indenture may be executed in any number of counterparts
 each of which when so executed shall be deemed to be an original
This Supplemental Indenture shall be governed by
 and construed in accordance with
In carrying out the Trustee&#8217;s responsibilities hereunder
 the Trustee shall have all of the rights
 protections
 and immunities which the Trustee possesses under the Indenture.  The recitals contained herein shall be taken as the statements of the Company
IN WITNESS WHEREOF
MOLSON COORS INTERNATIONAL GENERAL
 ULC
Title:  Vice President &#8211;Treasurer
COORS BREWING COMPANY
COORS INTERNATIONAL HOLDCO
MOLSON COORS INTERNATIONAL GENERAL
Title:  Vice President
COORS BREWING COMPANY
NEWCO3
COMPUTERSHARE TRUST COMPANY OF CANADA
 as Canadian Trustee














		


Coors Brewers Ltd (registered in England No. 26018) whose registered office is at 137 High Street
 Burton upon Trent
 Staffordshire
Mr. David Alexander Heede
 Weaver View
 Bentley Fold
 Ellastone
 Ashbourne
 Derbyshire
means a company which is from time to time a subsidiary or a holding company of the Company or a subsidiary (other than the Company) of a holding company of the Company.  In this definition &#8220;subsidiary&#8221; and &#8220;holding company&#8221; have the same meanings as in Section 736 of the Companies Act 1985
&#32;birthday
The Executive shall exercise such powers and perform such duties in relation to the business of the Company or any Associated Company as may from time to time be vested in or assigned to him by the Company.  The Company reserves the right to require the Executive to cease to perform part of his duties and/or to require him to perform additional duties (provided such duties are not inappropriate to his status).  The Executive shall comply with all reasonable and lawful directions from
 and all regulations and polices of
The Executive shall report to the Board and shall at all times promptly give to the Board or Molson Coors Brewing Company (in writing if so requested) all information
The Executive shall devote the whole of his time
 attention and abilities during those hours to carrying out his duties in a proper
During the performance of his duties of employment
) for his services during that month
 at a salary rate of &#163;135
000 per annum
The Executive shall be entitled to participate in the Company&#8217;s annual cash incentive scheme
 Molson Coors Incentive Plan (MCIP) in accordance with the rules of the MCIP prevailing at that time.  However
 the Company reserves the right to discontinue or amend the terms of the MCIP or any replacement thereof annual cash incentive scheme at any time and from time to time without any obligation to provide a replacement or equivalent incentive scheme or to pay compensation in respect of such amendment or withdrawal.  The Executive acknowledges that he has no contractual or other legal right to receive any annual cash incentive payment and that the Company is under no obligation to operate any cash incentive scheme.  He further acknowledges that he will not acquire such a right (or to receive any cash incentive payment at a particular level)
 nor shall the Company come under such an obligation
The Executive shall not be entitled to any other salary or fees as an officer
 director or employee of the Company or any Associated Company.  The Executive shall
 as the Company may direct
The Company shall be entitled to deduct from the Executive&#8217;s salary or other remuneration all or any sums owed by him to the Company including
 but not limited to
 advances
 overpayments
 unauthorised expenses
The Executive is eligible to participate in Section 2 of the Coors Brewers Pension Plan and Coors Brewers Executive Top Scheme subject to the trust deeds and rules of those schemes as are in force from time to time.  In addition to pension provision
 four times salary life assurance is provided under these plans.  The Executive will make contributions to those schemes in accordance with their rules and these contributions will be deducted from salary.  The Company reserves the right
 in its absolute discretion
At the option of the Executive
 the company shall provide for the Executive (subject to his being qualified to drive) a motor car suitable for a person of his status
The Company may at its option
 at any time
 elect to pay an appropriate non-pensionable cash sum by way of car allowance
The Executive shall be entitled to participate in the Company&#8217;s private health insurance scheme
 subject to the terms and conditions of that scheme and of any related policy of insurance as are from time to time in force.  In the event that for whatever reason the insurer or third party provider in respect of any such scheme does not meet a claim or fails to continue to pay or provide a benefit
The Executive shall maintain his membership of all professional
The Executive will be eligible to participate in the Molson Coors Long Term Incentive Plan
 subject to the terms of the Plan.  The Company reserves the right to discontinue or amend the terms of this Plan at any time and from time to time and
 in such event the Company or any Associated Company shall not be required to provide a replacement plan or to pay compensation in respect of such discontinuance or amendment.  The Executive acknowledges that he has no right to receive an annual allocation (or an allocation of a particular level) under this Plan and that the Company is under no obligation to operate a long term incentive plan.  The Executive also acknowledges that he will not acquire such a right
 nor shall the Company come under such an obligation
The Executive shall be eligible to participate in the Company&#8217;s annual Educational Award Plan subject to the terms of the Plan.  The Executive may receive up to 5% of base salary for the first child taking a first degree or equivalent at university and up to 3% of base salary for the second child taking a first degree or equivalent at university.  A maximum of &#163;2
The Company shall reimburse to the Executive against production of satisfactory receipts
 if requested
 all reasonable traveling
 hotel
The Executive is entitled to 31 working days of paid annual holiday in every calendar year to be taken at such times as may be approved by the Chief Executive Officer of the Company.  This entitlement covers an allowance for those bank and public holidays on which the Company offices are open for business.  In addition the Executive is entitled to take holiday on Christmas Day
The Executive may carry over up to 5 days of unused holiday into the following calendar year with approval of the Chief Executive Officer of the Company
Upon termination the Executive will be entitled to any pay in lieu of holiday accrued but untaken.  However if
 upon termination
 the Executive has taken more holiday than his accrued holiday entitlement
Subject to the production of medical certificates satisfactory to the Company (as required)
 if the Executive is absent from work due to sickness or accident
 he shall be entitled to receive 100% of his salary during the first 6 months of sickness absence
If the Executive shall be or become incapacitated from any cause whatsoever from efficiently performing his duties hereunder for a continuous period of at least 365 days or in aggregate periods in excess of 300 normal working days in any period of 104 weeks
For the purposes of this clause 11 &#8220;Confidential Information&#8221; means
trade secrets
any inventions or improvements which the Executive may from time to time make or discover in the course of this duties
details of suppliers
 their services
 or customers and the services and their terms of business
prices changed to and terms of business with clients
marketing plans and sales forecasts
any proposals relating to the future of the Company or its business or any part thereof
details of employees and officers and of the remuneration and other benefits paid to them
any existing or proposed business ventures
 acquisitions
 disposals
Information relating to any business matters
 corporate or strategic or business plans
 management systems
 finances
 marketing or sales of any past
 present or future products or services
 management reports
 processes
 inventions
 designs
 know how
 pitch lists
 discoveries
 technical specifications and other technical information relating to the creation
 production or supply of any past
 present or future products or service of the Company or any Associated Company
any information given to the Company or any Associated Company in confidence by clients/customers
 suppliers or other persons
any other information (whether or not recorded in documentary form
 or an computer disk or tape) which is confidential or commercially sensitive and is not in the public domain
The Executive shall not
 either during this Appointment
 or at any time thereafter without limitation in time
 except in the proper course of his duties (or as required by law)
use
 divulge or disclose
through any failure to exercise all due care and diligence
 cause or permit to be disclosed
&#32;to any person any other Confidential Information concerning the business or affairs of the Company or any Associated Company
 or any of their clients or customers
enters the public domain other than (directly or indirectly) by way of unauthorised disclosure or unauthorised use by any person (whether or not by the Executive)
The Executive shall not during the Appointment directly or indirectly be employed by
 provide services to
 or be an officer of
 or have any financial interest in
 or otherwise he concerned or interested in
 any trade
with the prior written consent of the Board
 but consent may be given subject to any terms or conditions which the Board requires
as a holder of not more than 3% of any class of shares
In this clause the expression &#8220;occupation&#8221; included membership of Parliament or of a local authority council or other public or private work (whether for profit or otherwise) which
 in the reasonable opinion of the Company
In the event that the Executive becomes aware of any actual or potential conflict of interest between himself (or a member of his immediate family) and the Company or any Associated Company
The Executive shall not during the Appointment directly or indirectly have any dealings with any of the Company&#8217;s or any Associated Company&#8217;s past
 current or prospective suppliers
 customers
 agents or clients with whom he has had direct or indirect business dealings
 or with the competitors of the Company or any Associated Company
The Executive shall not during the Appointment either on his own behalf or on behalf of any person
solicit or endeavor to entice away from the Company an employee
 or discourage from being employed by the Company or an Associated Company any person who
 to the knowledge of the Executive
A &#8220;Restricted Employee&#8221; means any person who is already employed in
 or is in the process of being recruited by
The Executive shall not
 without the prior written consent of the Board
 other than in the performance of his duties
publish an opinion
participate in the making of any file
communication with any representative of the media (including but not limited to television (terrestrial
 satellite and cable)
 radio
 the internet
 newspapers and other journalistic publications) or any third party
relating to the business or affairs of the Company or any Associated Company or to any of its or their officers
 employees
 customers
 clients
 suppliers
 distributors
&#8220;Prospective Customer&#8221; means any person
 firm or company who in the 12 months immediately prior to the Restriction Date has been (i) an active target of the Company or any Associated Company
 or (ii) offered contract terms by the Company or any Associated Company
was responsible or concerned via an employee
&#8220;Restricted Customer&#8221; means any firm
 company or other person who at any time during the period of 12 months immediately prior to the Restriction Date
 was a customer of
 or in the habit of dealing with the Company or any Associated Company and with whom or which the Executive dealt to a material extent
 or in respect of whom or which the Executive was responsible
&#8220;Restricted Employee&#8221; means any person who at the date of the termination of the Executive&#8217;s employment
 was employed by the Company or any Associated Company at Senior Executive level or above or was an employee or consultant
&#8220;Restricted Supplier&#8221; means any firm
 company or other person who at any time during the period of 12 months immediately prior to the Restriction date
 was a provider or supplier or a prospective provider or supplier of goods or services (other than utilities and goods or services supplied for administrative purposes) to the Company or any Associated Company
 including any person who provided services to the Company or any Associated Company by way of a consultancy agreement
The Executive will not
 without the prior written consent of the Board
 for a period of 12 months immediately following the Restriction Date
 canvas
 solicit or approach
 or cause to be canvassed
 solicited or approached
 for the purpose of obtaining business
 orders or custom any person
 firm or company who was (i) a Restricted Customer
 or (ii) a Prospective Customer
The Executive will not
 without the prior written consent of the Board for the period of 12 months immediately following the Restriction Date perform any services or supply goods to any person
 firm or company who was (i) a Restricted Customer
 or (ii) a Prospective Customer
The Executive will not
 without the prior written consent of the Board for the period of 12 months immediately following the Restriction Date
procure
 or facilitate or assist in the making of such an offer of employment or contract for services to a Restricted Employee by any person
 firm
The Executive will not without the prior written consent of the Board
 for the period of 12 months immediately following the Restriction Date
 be engaged in
 provide services to
 be an officer of
 have any financial interest in
 or be concerned with in any capacity
to geographical areas either (i) where the business concern is not in competition with the Restricted Business
Clause 13.5 shall not prevent the Executive from being a holder of not more than 3% of any class of shares
The obligations imposed on the Executive by this clause 13 extend to him acting not only on his own account but also on behalf of any other firm
each of the sub-paragraphs contained in the clause 13 constitutes an entirely separate
the duration
if a restriction on him contained in this clause 13 is found void but would be valid if some part of it were deleted or amended
For the purpose of this clause 14
 &#8220;Property&#8221; means keys
 mobile phone
 computer equipment
 all lists of clients or customers
 correspondence and all other documents
 disks
 information storage devices
 papers and records (including
 without limitation
 any records stored by electronic means
implements necessary to give full access to such records)
 system designs
 software designs
 software programmes (in whatever media)
 presentations
 proposals or specifications which may have been prepared by him or have come into his possession
 custody or control in the course of his employment.  This shall include all copies
 reproductions
The Executive shall upon termination of this Agreement or whenever requested by the Company
The Executive shall resign as a director of the Company and all Associated Companies with immediate effect on the termination of this Appointment or (if so requested by the Company) with effect from the date when the Company exercises all or any of its rights under clause 16.  In the event that the Executive fails to comply with this obligation
The Company may suspend the Executive for a reasonable period on full pay for the purpose of investigating the substance of any potential disciplinary matter involving the Executive and holding a disciplinary hearing.  The Executive must not during any period of suspension
 without the written consent of the Company
 go to any premises of the Company or any Associated Company or contact or deal with any employee
 customer
Where either the Company or the Executive gives notice to terminate this Appointment
 the Company may require the Executive to cease to perform all or part his duties under this Agreement and/or not to attend at the Company&#8217;s premises during all or any part of the notice period as the Company so decides.  The Company may require the Executive during part or all of such period to perform part but not all of his normal duties or to perform duties different from his normal duties
During Garden Leave the Company shall continue to pay the Executive his normal salary and provide other contractual benefits to which he has an entitlement under this Agreement
 but the Executive shall not be entitled to any incentive
 bonus or commission payments.  During this period the Executive
 who shall remain in employment
The Executive must not during Garden Leave directly or indirectly be employed by or retained by or advise or assist any other person
The Executive shall during Garden Leave remain available to perform any reasonable duty requested by the Company and shall co-operate generally with the Company to ensure a smooth hand over of his duties.  Should the Executive fail to make himself available for work having been requested by the Company to attend
shall
 notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement
The Company may
 in its absolute discretion
 lawfully terminate the employment of the Executive at any time by paying to the Executive a sum in lieu of notice equal to his basic salary under clause 4.1 and the value of such other benefits as the Company may opt not to provide for all or part of any notice period (whether given by the Executive or the Company).  Any such payment shall be subject to appropriate statutory deductions .. To avoid doubt
shall be guilty of any gross misconduct (which
 for the avoidance of doubt
 includes any conduct which tends to bring the Company or any Associated Company into material disrepute e.g. driving whilst over the legal alcohol limit)
&#8221; means all works
 designs
 innovations
 inventions
 improvements
 processes
 get-up
&#8221; means all Works authored
 originated
 conceived
 written or made by the Executive alone or with others (except only those Works which are authored
 originated
 conceived
&#8221; means any and all patents
 trade marks
 signs and services marks
 rights in designs
 trade or business names or signs
 copyrights
consider in what manner and by what new methods or devices the products
 services
 processes
promptly disclose to the Company full details of any invention or improvement which the Executive may from time to time make or discover in the course of his duties including
 without limitation
with the intent that subject to the Patents Act 1977
To the extent such rights do not vest immediately in the Company the Executive hereby agrees to assign to the Company all of the Executive&#8217;s right
 title and interest in the Company Works together with all of his right
To the extent such rights do not vest immediately in the Company the Executive hereby assigns to the Company all future copyright in the Company Works and the parties agree that all such future copyright shall vest in the Company by operation of law pursuant to section 91 of the Copyright
The Executive hereby irrevocably and unconditionally waives
 in favour of the Company
 its licensees and successors-in-title any and all moral rights conferred on the Executive by Chapter IV of Part I of the Copyright
 Designs and Patents Act 1988 in relation to the Company Works (existing or future) and any and all other moral rights under any legislation now existing or in future enacted in any part of the world including
 without limitation
 the right conferred by section 77 of that Act to be identified as the author of any of the Company Works and the right conferred by section 80 of that Act not to have any such work subjected to derogatory treatment.  The Executive shall
 at the Company&#8217;s request and expense
The Executive acknowledges that
 for the purpose of the proviso to section 2(1) of the Registered Designs Act 1949 (as amended)
The Executive shall not knowingly do anything to imperil the validity of any patent or protection or any application therefore
The Executive shall forthwith and from time to time both during the Appointment under this contract and thereafter
 at the request and expense of the Company
 do all things and execute all documents necessary or desirable to give effect to the provisions of this clause 18 including
 without limitation
the Executive is offered employment of a similar nature with the amalgamated or reconstructed company on terms not less favourable to the Executive than the terms of this Agreement
Telephone calls made and received by the Executive using the Company&#8217;s equipment and use of the Company&#8217;s e-mail system to send or receive personal correspondence may be recorded by the Company on its communications systems.  Any recordings made shall at all times remain the property of the Company and
 if necessary
The Company&#8217;s Disciplinary Procedure
 as in force from time to time
Other than were other policies
 plans
 codes or procedures are specifically referred to and imported into this Agreement
 this Agreement represents the entire agreement between the Company or any Associated Company and the Executive relating to the employment of the Executive.  In the event of any inconsistencies between any such policies
 plans
 codes or procedures
 the terms of this Agreement shall prevail.  This Agreement cancels and is in substitution of all previous agreements
 arrangements and understandings (whether oral or in writing) between the Executive and the Company and/or any Associated Company.














		


Address:  Weaver View
 Bentley Fold
 Ellastone
 Ashbourne
 Derbyshire
Dear David
&#32;(whose registered office is a 137 High Street
 Burton Upon Trent
 Staffordshire DE 14 1JZ
&#8221;) (whose registered office is at N&#225;dra&#382;ni 84
 Postal Code 150 54
 Prague 5
 Czech Republic
  Identification Number 289 85 630 registered in the Commercial Registry maintained by the Municipal Court in Prague
 Section C
You will remain an employee of MCBC UK and you will not become an employee of MCE during your secondment by MCBC UK to MCE.  Except as provided below
 your terms and conditions of employment as set out in the Service Agreement entered into between you and Coors Brewers Limited (now
In the event of any inconsistency between this Letter and the Employment Contract
If any changes are made to your terms and conditions of employment (and/or to the Employment Contract) during your secondment to MCE
Your secondment commenced on 1 January 2013 and will continue thereafter
 subject to the terms of this Letter
During the secondment by MCBC UK to MCE
 you will devote the whole of your working time
&#8221;).  At the end of your secondment
 your employment with MCBC UK will continue
You will continue to participate in the MCBC Long Term Incentive Plan
&#32;September 2012 until March 2015
 at US$ 245
000 subject always to MCBC&#8217;s right to discontinue or amend the terms of this plan at any time and from time to time and 
 in such event
 MCE
 MCBC
 MCBC UK or any Associated Company shall not be required to provide a replacement plan or to pay compensation in respect of such discontinuance or amendment.  Thereafter
payments due will be set at the level and amount appropriate to your position within the company.  You acknowledge that you have no right to receive an annual allocation (or an allocation of a particular level) under this plan and that MCE
 MCBC
 MCBC UK or any Associated Company is under no obligation to operate a long term incentive plan.  You also acknowledge that you will not acquire such a right
 nor shall MCE
 MCBC
 MCBC UK or any Associated Company come under such an obligation
For the purposes of this Letter
a company which is from time to time a subsidiary or a holding company of MCBC UK or a subsidiary (other than MCBC UK) of a holding company of MCBC UK.  In this definition &#8220;subsidiary&#8221; and &#8220;holding company&#8221; have the same meanings as in Section 1159 of the UK Companies Act 2006
You will continue to accrue all your pension benefits
 relating to our period of employment post 4 April 2009
you will carry out the work required of you as Chief Financial Officer primarily at MCE&#8217;s offices in Prague
 Czech Republic and your home address in the United Kingdom or at such other place in Europe as MCBC UK may from time to time determine.  If you choose to maintain your primary residence in the United Kingdom
 generally
 you will perform your duties ten days per month in Prague
you salary of &#163;220
if you choose to maintain your primary residence in the UK
automatically and with immediate effect
 if you cease to be employed by MCBC UK for any reason
automatically and with immediate effect
 if MCE&#8217;s secondment agreement with MCBC UK terminates for any reason
if so decided by MCBC UK
 who will have the right to terminate your secondment immediately by servicing you a written immediate cancellation of your secondment
if you are absent for reasons other than annual
 study
 paternity
 parental
 special or other leave authorised by Mark Hunter
 President and CEO of MCE or Gavin Hatterlsey
 Global Chief Financial Officer of MCBC
Should any such event occur
 MCBC UK may also have the right to terminate your employment.  However
During your secondment and at any time thereafter you shall not use for your own purposes or benefit or divulge or communicate to any person (other than as authorized by Mark Hunter
 President and CEO of MCE or Gavin Hattersley
 Global Chief Financial Officer MCBC
 or as required for the purposes of carrying out your duties) any trade secrets or other information which is for the time being confidential relating to the business of MCBC UK or MCE or any other Associated Company
 being information which is marked &#8220;confidential&#8221; or which MCE or MCBC UK shall have notified you is to be kept confidential  or which by its nature would be normally regarded as being confidential
 or which is your knowledge has been obtained by MCE
 MCBC UK or any other Associated Company is to keep it confidential
You will return to MCE upon request and also upon the termination of your secondment
 all notes
 memoranda
 tools
 samples
 models
 materials
 prototypes
 documents
 drawings
 specifications
 other written materials
computer software and all other property belonging to it which for the time being is in your possession or under your control including copies of any such documents
 drawings
 specifications
Any discovery
 invention
 design
 process or work in respect of which copyright or any rights in the nature of copyright subsists which is capable of protection by law by means of any form of intellectual or industrial property rights (which expression shall include the right to apply for any such protection) made or devised by you during the performance of your duties during your secondment shall
 as far as the law allows
Due to the fact that you will be seconded to perform work within the territory of the Czech Republic
the minimum duration of annual leave or its proportional part
the minimum salary
Please sign
 date and return the attached copy of this Letter to MCBC UK
 at 137 High Street
 Burton Upon Trent
 Staffordshire DE14 1JZ to the attention of Kate Holden
 Head of ER Policy and Recruitment
 MCBC UK within 5 working days of receipt
 at the latest
Yours sincerely
I hereby accept the terms and conditions of my secondment by Molson Coors Brewing Company (UK) Limited
 whose registered office is at 137 High Street
 Burton Upon Trent
 DE14 1JZ
 Staffordshire
 United Kingdom
 to Molson Coors Europe s.r.o.
 whose registered office is at N&#225;dra&#382;ni 84
 Postal Code 150 54
 Prague 5
 Czech Republic
 Identification Number: 289 85 630 registered in the Commercial Registry maintained by the Municipal Court in Prague
 Section C
 Insert 157920
 on the terms and conditions set out in the Second Letter dated [         ]
Address:&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Weaver View
 Bentley Fold
 Ellastone DE6 2GX














		


Address:  Weaver View
 Bentley Fold
 Ellastone
 Ashbourne
 Derbyshire
&#32;David
Further to your secondment letter dated 24 September 2013
 I confirm the following change to your employment Terms &amp; Conditions
(b) You will be a mobile worker maintaining a permanent residence in the UK.  You will be required to attend group locations throughout MCE as required of your duties
With the exception of the above
Please sign
 date and return the attached copy of this Letter to MCBC UK
 at 137 High Street
 Burton Upon Trent
 Staffordshire DE 14 1JZ to the attention of Kate Holden
 Head of ER Policy and Recruitment
 MCBC UK within 5 working days of receipt
 at the latest
Yours sincerely
I hereby accept the terms and conditions of my secondment by Molson Coors Brewing Company (UK) Limited
 whose registered office is at 137 High Street
 Burton Upon Trent
 DE14 1JZ
 Staffordshire
 United Kingdom
 to Molson Coors Europe s.r.o.
 whose registered office is at N&#225;dra&#382;ni 84
 Postal Code 150 54
 Prague 5
 Czech Republic
 Identification Number: 289 85 630 registered in the Commercial Registry maintained by the Municipal Court in Prague
 Section C
 Insert 157920
 on the terms and conditions set out in the Second Letter dated [         ]
Address:&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Weaver View
 Bentley Fold
 Ellastone














		


November 10
I would like to confirm the terms of your key compensation components as agreed to by the management of Molson Coors Brewing Company (&#8220;Molson Coors&#8221;) in connection with your assignment as the interim Chief Financial Officer of Molson Coors
 which you will assume as of November 16
 2015.  At the end of the assignment
 you will return to your role as Chief Financial Officer of Molson Coors Europe
.  You will receive an additional stipend of GBP 10
000 (gross) per month during the period of the assignment.  This amount will be paid by your current payroll in the UK
 following normal payroll procedures.  There will be no changes to your base salary
.  Molson Coors will provide or otherwise reimburse you for all necessary travel and entertainment expenses arising as a result of the assignment
 including reasonable travel costs for your family (with CPLO approval).  For the term of the assignment
We are in the process of having the Compensation and Human Resources Committee formally approve this
Best Regards















		


The following table lists our significant subsidiaries and the respective jurisdictions of their organization or incorporation as of December 31
 2015. With the exception of MillerCoors&#160;LLC
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Newco3
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Coors International Holdco
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Molson Coors International General
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Molson Coors Canada Holdco
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Molson Holdco
Effective
 July&#160;1
 2008
 Molson Coors Brewing Company and SABMiller&#160;plc combined the U.S. and Puerto Rico operations of their respective subsidiaries
 Coors Brewing Company and Miller Brewing Company. Each party contributed its business and related operating assets and certain liabilities into an operating joint venture company. The percentage interests in the profits of the joint venture are 58% for SABMiller&#160;plc and 42% for Molson Coors Brewing Company. Voting interests are shared 50%-50%
 and each investing company has equal board representation within MillerCoors&#160;LLC. Both parties to the MillerCoors joint venture are currently able to transfer their economic and voting interest
 however
 certain rights of first refusal will apply to any assignment of such interests. &#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;














		


We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (Nos. 333-124140
 333-122628
 333-110855
 333-110854
 33-40730
 333-103573
 333-59516
 333-38378
 333-166521 and 333-183243) and Form S-3 (Nos. 333-120776
 333-49952
February&#160;11
 2016
 relating to the consolidated financial statements
and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Molson Coors Brewing Company
Denver
February&#160;11
 2016














		


We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (Nos. 333-124140
 333-122628
 333-110855
 333-110854
 33-40730
 333-103573
 333-59516
 333-38378
 333-166521 and 333-183243) and Form S-3 (Nos. 333-120776
 333-49952
February&#160;11
 2016
 relating to the consolidated financial statements of MillerCoors LLC
Milwaukee
February&#160;11
 2016














		


I
 Mark Hunter
Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record
 process
Any fraud
 whether or not material
February&#160;11
 2016














		


I
 David Heede
Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record
 process
Any fraud
 whether or not material
February&#160;11
 2016














		


The undersigned
 the Chief Executive Officer and the Interim Chief Financial Officer of Molson Coors Brewing Company (the &#8220;Company&#8221;) respectively
December&#160;31
information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
February&#160;11
February&#160;11
A signed original of this written statement required by Section&#160;906
 or other document authenticating
 acknowledging
 or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section&#160;906
 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.














		


In our opinion
 the accompanying consolidated balance sheets and the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss)
 of shareholders&#8217; investment and of cash flows present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of MillerCoors LLC and its subsidiaries at December 31
 2015 and 2014
 and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31
in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company&#8217;s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits. We conducted our audits of these statements in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) and&#160;in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in the United States&#160;of America. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining
 on a test basis
 evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements
 assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
Milwaukee
February 11
8
8
8
(1
(1
(1
7
7
7
(4
(4
(4
3
3
3
Marketing
(1
(1
(1
1
1
1
Interest expense
Other income
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
(In millions
Accounts receivable
Inventories
Property
 plant and equipment
2
2
4
4
Other intangible assets
1
1
9
9
1
1
1
1
2
2
Capital stock (840
000 Class&#160;A shares and 160
8
8
(1
(1
7
7
7
7
9
9
1
1
1
Loss on disposal of property
Changes in assets and liabilities
1
1
1
Additions to property
Acquisition of businesses
(1
(1
(1
(1
(1
(1
December 31
8
(1
7
(1
(1
1
1
December 31
8
(1
7
(1
(1
1
1
December 31
8
(1
7
(1
(1
1
1
December 31
8
(1
7
MillerCoors LLC and subsidiaries (&#8220;MillerCoors&#8221; or &#8220;the Company&#8221;) brews
 markets and sells the MillerCoors portfolio of brands in the United States (U.S.) and Puerto Rico.  Its major brands include 
 
 
 
.  In addition
MillerCoors is a joint venture combining the U.S. and Puerto Rican operations of SABMiller plc (&#8220;SABMiller&#8221;) and Molson Coors Brewing Company (&#8220;Molson Coors&#8221;) with Miller Brewing Company (&#8220;Miller&#8221;) and MC Holding Company LLC (&#8220;Coors&#8221;) being the direct owners of the Company (collectively
 the &#8220;Shareholders&#8221;). Miller and Coors each have a 50% voting interest in MillerCoors and a 58% and 42% economic interest
 respectively.  SABMiller and Molson Coors have agreed that all of their U.S. and Puerto Rican operations will be conducted exclusively through the joint venture.  The joint venture commenced on July 1
 2008.  MillerCoors' opening balances as of July 1
 2008 were based on contributions of assets and liabilities from the Shareholders recognized on a carryover basis.  If the Company were to dissolve
On November 11
 2015
 Molson Coors entered into a purchase agreement (the &#8220;Purchase Agreement&#8221;) with Anheuser-Busch InBev SA/NV (&#8220;ABI&#8221;) to acquire
 contingent upon the closing of the acquisition of SABMiller by ABI pursuant to the transaction announced on November 11
 2015
 all of SABMiller&#8217;s interest in MillerCoors and all trademarks
&#32;brand portfolio outside of the U.S. and Puerto Rico (the &#8220;Acquisition&#8221;). Following the closing of the Acquisition
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires the Company to make certain estimates
 judgments and assumptions.  The Company believes that the estimates
 judgments and assumptions used to determine certain amounts that affect the financial statements are reasonable based on information available at the time they are made.  To the extent there are differences between these estimates and actual results
The Company records accounts receivable at net realizable value.  This carrying value includes an appropriate allowance for estimated uncollectible amounts to reflect any loss anticipated on the accounts receivable balances.  The Company calculates this allowance based on its history of write-offs
December&#160;31
 2015
Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market.  Cost is determined by the first-in
 first-out (&#8220;FIFO&#8221;) method.  The Company regularly assesses the shelf-life of its inventories and reserves for those inventories when it becomes apparent the product will not be brewed
Property
Property
 plant and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation.  Depreciation is provided using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the respective assets.  Buildings and improvements and land improvements are depreciated over useful lives ranging from 20 to 40 years
 limited to the minimum lease term for leasehold improvements.  Machinery and equipment are depreciated over useful lives ranging from 3 to 25 years.  Containers are depreciated over a useful life of 15 years.  Land is not depreciated
 and construction in progress is not depreciated until ready for service.  The cost and related accumulated depreciation of property
 plant and equipment retired
 or otherwise disposed of
The Company capitalizes the costs of obtaining or developing internal-use computer software
 including directly related payroll costs.  Computer software developed or obtained for internal use is depreciated using the straight-line method over the estimated useful life of the software
 ranging from 3 to 8 years.  The cost and related accumulated depreciation of computer software retired
 or otherwise disposed of
 are removed from the consolidated balance sheets.  Any gain or loss is included in earnings.  Internally generated costs associated with maintaining computer software programs are expensed as incurred.  Computer software is classified in property
The Company reviews property
 plant and equipment for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable.  Recoverability of property
 plant and equipment is measured by comparing the carrying value to the projected undiscounted cash flows that the assets are expected to generate.  If such assets are considered to be impaired
Finite lived intangible assets are stated at cost less accumulated amortization using a straight-line basis and impairment losses
 if any.  Cost is determined as the amount paid by the Company
 unless the asset has been acquired as part of a business combination.  Amortization is included within marketing
Authoritative guidance for fair value measurements defines fair value
 establishes a framework for measuring fair value and requires disclosures about assets and liabilities measured at fair value in the financial statements.  See Note 6
 Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets, for disclosures related to goodwill impairment testing
 Note 7
 &#8220;Fair Value Measurements
&#8221; for disclosures related to financial assets and liabilities and Note 10
 &#8220;Employee Retirement Plans
The Company recognizes all derivative instruments as either assets or liabilities at their estimated fair value in its consolidated balance sheets.  The change in a derivative's fair value is recorded each period in current earnings or accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)
 depending on whether the derivative is designated as part of a hedge transaction and if so
 the type of hedge transaction.  See Note 7
 &#8220;Fair Value Measurements
&#8221; and Note 8
 &#8220;Hedging Transactions and Derivative Financial Instruments
There are certain share-based compensation plans where employees of the Company were granted awards while employed by the Shareholders prior to the formation of the Company.  Compensation cost related to these plans is recognized based on the fair value of the grants at every period end for unvested awards because the employees are earning their share-based compensation while working at the Company.  In addition
 because the Company is an unconsolidated subsidiary of the Shareholders
 the holders of the awards are considered &#8220;non-employees&#8221; and the compensation cost is calculated under variable accounting.  The Company recorded $6.0 million
 $0.4 million and $2.0 million of compensation costs in marketing
December&#160;31
 2015
 
 respectively.  See Note 16
 &#8220;Share-Based Payments
Revenue is recognized when the significant risks and rewards of ownership
 including the risk of loss due to damaged
 lost or stolen product
 are transferred to the customer
The cost of various cash incentives and discount programs
 such as price promotions
 rebates and coupons
Freight costs billed to customers for shipping and handling are recorded as sales
Excise taxes collected from customers and remitted to tax authorities are state and federal excise taxes on beer shipments.  Excise taxes on beer shipments are shown in a separate line item in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss) as a reduction of sales.  Excise taxes collected from customers are recognized as a liability
Cost of goods sold includes brewing raw materials
 packaging materials
 manufacturing costs
 plant administrative support and overhead
 inbound and outbound freight costs
 purchasing and receiving costs
 inspection costs
Marketing
Marketing
 general and administrative expenses include marketing costs
 sales costs and non-manufacturing administrative and overhead costs.  The creative portion of the Company's advertising activities is expensed as incurred.  Production costs are expensed when the advertising is first run.  Marketing expense was $920.8 million
December&#160;31
 2015
 
December&#160;31
 2015
Special items represent charges incurred or benefits realized that either the Company does not believe to be indicative of its core operations
 or the Company believes are significant to its current operating results warranting separate classification; specifically
infrequent or unusual items
impairment or asset abandonment-related losses
The items classified as special items are not necessarily non-recurring; however
 they are deemed to be incremental to income earned or costs incurred by the Company in conducting normal operations
The Shareholders of the Company have elected to treat the Company as a partnership for U.S. federal and state income tax purposes. &#160;Accordingly
In July&#160;2015
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#8220;FASB&#8221;) issued authoritative guidance intended to simplify the measurement of inventory. The amendment requires entities to measure in-scope inventory at the lower of cost and net realizable value
 and replaces the current requirement to measure in-scope inventory at the lower of cost or market
 which considers replacement cost
 net realizable value
 and net realizable value less an approximate normal profit margin. This guidance is effective for annual reporting periods
 and interim periods within those annual periods
 beginning after December&#160;15
 2016. The amendment should be applied prospectively with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the potential impact on the financial position and results of operations of the Company upon adoption of this guidance
In May&#160;2014
 the FASB issued authoritative guidance related to new accounting requirements for the recognition of revenue from contracts with customers. The core principle of the guidance is that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled to in exchange for the goods or services. In August&#160;2015
 the FASB deferred the effective date of the new revenue recognition standard for all entities by one year. As a result
 the requirements of the new standard are effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December&#160;15
 2017
 and interim periods within those annual periods. In conjunction with the deferral
 the FASB will permit all entities to apply the new revenue recognition standard early
In May&#160;2015
 the FASB issued an amendment to the fair value measurement guidance that applies to reporting entities that elect to measure the fair value of an investment using the net asset value (&#8220;NAV&#8221;) per share (or its equivalent) practical expedient. Under the new guidance
 investments for which fair value is measured
 or are eligible to be measured
 using the NAV per share practical expedient are excluded from the fair value hierarchy. The amendment also removes certain disclosure requirements for these investments
 and is effective for reporting periods beginning after December&#160;15
 2015
In June&#160;2014
Other than the items noted above
 there have been no new accounting pronouncements not yet effective or adopted in the current year that are expected to have a significant impact
 or potential significant impact
Once an entity is determined to be a variable interest entity (&#8220;VIE&#8221;)
 the party with the controlling financial interest
 the primary beneficiary
 is required to consolidate the entity.&#160; The Company has investments in VIEs
 of which the Company has determined it is the primary beneficiary based on various characteristics of the arrangements
 including
 the Company&#8217;s position as the primary recipient of the output of the arrangements.&#160; These are RMMC and RMBC (each as defined below).&#160; Accordingly
Authoritative guidance related to the consolidation of VIEs requires that the Company continually reassess whether the Company is the primary beneficiary of VIEs in which it has an interest. As such
 the conclusion regarding the primary beneficiary status is subject to change
Rocky Mountain Metal Container (&#8220;RMMC&#8221;)
 a Colorado limited liability company
 is a joint venture with Ball Corporation (&#8220;Ball&#8221;) in which the Company holds a 50% interest.  The Company has a can and end supply agreement with RMMC.  Under this agreement
 the Company purchases substantially all of the output of RMMC.  RMMC manufactures cans and ends at the Company's facilities
 which RMMC is operating under a use and license agreement.  As RMMC is a limited liability company (&#8220;LLC&#8221;)
Rocky Mountain Bottle Company (&#8220;RMBC&#8221;)
 a Colorado limited liability company
 is a joint venture with Owens-Brockway Glass Container
 Inc. (&#8220;Owens&#8221;) in which the Company holds a 50% interest.  The Company has a supply agreement with RMBC under which the Company agrees to purchase output approximating the agreed upon annual plant capacity of RMBC.  RMBC manufactures bottles at the Company's facilities
 which RMBC is operating under a lease agreement.  As RMBC is a LLC
The Company has incurred charges it does not believe to be indicative of its core operations or that are significant to operating results warranting separate classification.  As such
Special items
 as reported in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss)
During 2015
 the Company announced the planned closure of the Eden Brewery in North Carolina.  Total special charges for the year ended December 31
 2015
 related to the planned Eden closure were $67.7 million
 including accelerated depreciation on Eden fixed assets of $61.3 million.  Accelerated depreciation represents costs in excess of normal depreciation of Eden assets
The Company expects to recognize additional net special charges related to the planned closure of the Eden Brewery through the planned closure date in September 2016
 consisting primarily of accelerated depreciation and asset write-offs.  The total net special charges associated with the planned Eden closure are expected to be approximately $150 to $200 million.  However
 this estimated range contains significant uncertainty and actual results could differ materially from these estimates due to uncertainty regarding the ultimate net cost associated with the disposition of assets
 restructuring charges
 contract termination costs
During 2015
 the Company recognized a pension settlement loss of $42.4 million. The settlement loss related to an offer to certain terminated vested plan participants for a one-time opportunity to receive the present value of their accrued monthly pension benefit under the plan in the form of a lump sum distribution. Settlement payments made from plan assets under this offer in 2015
 when combined with lump sum payments made during 2015 under the plan's normal terms
 triggered a partial settlement event and increased net periodic benefit cost. See Note 10
During 2013
 the Company implemented restructuring activities impacting approximately 200 salaried employees in order to reduce fixed costs.  Related to this restructuring program
 the Company recorded charges for the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013
 of $1.4 million and $17.2 million
 respectively. Severance costs included in total restructuring charges for the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013
 were $0.4 million and $13.1 million
During 2013
The following table summarizes activities relating to restructuring accruals related to the 2013 and 2015 restructuring events described above and other unpaid contract termination costs related to the joint venture formation
Balance as of December 31
Balance as of December 31
Balance as of December 31
Balance as of December 31
Inventories
 net of reserves
Total inventories
5. Property
Property
 plant and equipment
 net of the related accumulated depreciation
4
4
Total property
6
6
(3
(3
Total property
 plant and equipment
2
2
Amounts have been revised to reflect the correction of an immaterial error in the amounts previously disclosed in the notes to the Company's consolidated financial statements existing since the inception of MillerCoors. These correcting adjustments do not impact the ending balance of property
 plant and equipment
 net as presented in the previously reported consolidated balance sheets; however
 the total historical cost and accumulated depreciation balances previously included within the notes to the consolidated financial statements were each understated by an equivalent amount. As of December 31
 2014
 these balances were each understated by approximately $696 million. The above table reflects this correction as of December 31
Depreciation of property
 plant and equipment was $292.7 million
December&#160;31
 2015
 
 respectively. The year ended December 31
 2015 includes the impact of $61.3 million of accelerated depreciation related to the planned Eden
 North Carolina brewery closure which is recorded as a special item and further discussed in Note 3
 Special Items. Included in depreciation is software amortization of $32.9 million
December&#160;31
 2015
 
December&#160;31
 2015
 the carrying value of goodwill resulted primarily from the Shareholders' transactions prior to the formation of the joint venture.  The Company is required to perform goodwill impairment tests on at least an annual basis and more frequently in certain circumstances.  The Company completed the required goodwill impairment testing as of November 30
.  As of the latest impairment testing date
 the fair value
 as determined by a combination of discounted cash flow analyses and evaluations of fair values derived from earnings multiples of comparable public companies
 was in excess of the carrying value.  As such
As of December 31
2
1
2
1
As of December 31
2
1
2
1
Amortization expense of intangible assets was $65.7 million
December&#160;31
 2015
 
The authoritative guidance for fair value establishes a hierarchy that prioritizes fair value measurements based on the types of inputs used for the various valuation techniques (market approach
Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for similar assets or liabilities
Unadjusted quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active
Fair value measurements as of December 31
Fair value measurements as of December 31
December&#160;31
The Company endeavors to utilize the best available information in measuring fair value.  The derivative assets and liabilities are valued using the listed markets if market data for identical contracts exist or a combination of listed markets and published prices if market data for similar contracts exist.  As such
 these derivative instruments are classified within Level 1 or Level 2
With the exception of barley supply contracts
 the Company holds master netting arrangements with all counterparties
 entitling it to the right of offset and net settlement for all contracts.  See Note 8
 &#8220;Hedging Transactions and Derivative Financial Instruments
During 2015, the Company offered certain terminated vested plan participants a one-time opportunity to receive the present value of their accrued monthly pension benefit under the plan in the form of a lump sum distribution. Settlement payments made from plan assets, including settlement payments made under this offer, totaled $122.0 million, and resulted in settlement losses of $43.1 million of which a portion is reflected in special items. See Note 3, Special Items
Net periodic pension cost for the year ended December 31, 2015, includes a partial settlement loss of $42.4 million which has been classified as a special item and included in settlement losses/termination benefits in the above table. See Note 3, Special Items
&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;Items
 Note 10, Employee Retirement Plans
 and Note 11, Postretirement Benefits
, the Company had three significant share-based compensation plans. In addition, see Note 1, Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

begin 644 a5yearcharta01.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0   0 !  #_VP!#  $! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$!
M 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0'_
MVP!# 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$!
M 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0'_P  1 '@ F4# 2(  A$! Q$!_\0

M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#^_BBBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB

T
M75?''B.SLDUCQ;XDUWQ'K DT[P=\



:+XS@DN=+N_%
M.E7=CID=W[G^W'X$^-G[:G[#G[6G[/'PA\'^+/A1XL^
/[-/Q6\!^$/%?Q)U



M3'P5_P-_A#]G

MB\


_P 8?A?X6:']I7X1_$_1?%VA
M?_5[E+'Q?\ \)1X3U.#1] UC7/45OXS\2_#K4Y&\2_#&RNC8^


K*3XL_

!_'/PX


M+^.M%OM(U.+1]; /Z^=2^-'PAT;Q9H/@35OBA\/M
\:^*;72;WPUX3O_ !EX

NF:E'I8NWTZ]6#E[G


TS0=






M_P#CM/^G-K\
QXC^'2:E\&_P!D-?&]UJ&IS:\/$/BS3-$3QCXKC@;XBZG\






GL9/B[\*HO'UG\*I?








MZ\%?%+XQ:C\5=6_:U^+_ 
9?VD_A7XW^+_P)^( _8RO/V;=#?X6^$E^
NH?!




M5^/_ -ERSL8_'OCGX=^%_&'ACP1\8M
\9^)_@AHGCK4K#2;[Q;\0I+SP;X8\

M[//[.*^!?AOXX^!7C_X._&3]GWP=

_&C4;3








_'#X

M^(I[AE@BTUY653O^'?BY\+/%_BSQ+X#\*?$?P)XE\;^#O._X2SP?H/BW0=7\
M3^&Q;ZC/I$[:[H5A?W&J:6D.KVUUI$\EY:Q)!JUI=:9.T=_;3VR?E5^SY^P-







M]UK%GH\&FW5H7^TM$_:

M?XG^%=

?AY\.-+^)?C/PPGB7







5Y=6T$WDO[._[?W[)



O\ @F#\=]!^7Q9
M^O[27P8^

M3:-X

M7]I?]G*]\/\ @;Q99?'WX*7GA;XG:U?^&_AMXDM?BKX#N- ^(/B+2KFYL]3T
M'P1K


M[3Q'#

SV_




MU)H-:TN]1-1T[4;VROH@EU;7
L4JM7TY0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %
M%%% !1110 4@ '   ] 




8P


MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB

M#[VY\+ZSXLTSXJ^&M/\ #INM9UGPWXKTC7+#3'^)/@OQ2-4L/'OP3\0PZ#K\



M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%


8DUJSFLU]2\&_$#PAX_M;F[



M=U0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110

X/KCC/TS7PSXH_9L^*MA\:?B)^T%\(?&?@#P5\1O







M %'=
KNJ BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB






M*:/PJL[R7&C?#G0Y-KT 






_L?U]#['!SQUI: OQX_X+_?\H</^@G_9 -6_\
M4E\
5^P]?CQ_P7^_Y0X?\%!/^R :M_ZDOAB@#]3?AA_R3GP%_P!B7X3_ /4=
MTRNZKA?AA_R3GP%_V)?A/_U'=
KNJ BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH


M5E2ZUO5-
L5DND^?O^$
'_!FD[0ND^'K)<Y^@.G2@#@/AI\*_AU\'/5AX%^%W@W0/ WA33




SJB*\IC
CJB!F(10/EWX#^-/&=

OB;34EAG@FU)X9H948I+#*CQ




NF_$;X32V6A1^')/ /AK0?

WV[PQJ.HZYX9_56DP/\DCOG
M\


M+_P27_X* VFJ_#CX36?@L_!/78I-?T_XS^+]2\3KHR^*?#PM;]/5Q\-*TJ

M* /U-^&'_)./ 6?^A+\)_P#J.Z9]*[JN%^&'_).? 7_8E^$__4=TRNZH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** CIUKG






M.W7B'2XM'^$WPOO60ICX0?!^*[U#P[X9NX(_+B7QKXAG\5_$FZ$;//XNBAE^
MQ1_8( '3_$GZD\G\:6B@ HHHH **:[I&K.[*B(K.S
0JJBC+
S$@*JCEF) 4

M6+RTF=#/X?\ !-KXCU?





MA[ 2WHTIT
1GF(AU57$0=? 977O1E'O

7.G*-2ECLNQ$7&/-;'8OXF\OP
M[^Q%TZF.J+M.HO:4


'4X)RKBWC
MIT

5^P]
M?CQ_P7^_Y0X?\%!/^R :M_ZDOAB@#]3?AA_R3GP%_P!B7X3_ /4=TRNZKA?A
MA_R3GP%_V)?A/_U'=



M^.D\.#)'-#X;T6^L?@[X'NW5HXT_M+Q%\5/(D21KG3
@0'ZE\?#GP!\+_#]
MKX3^&_@KPMX#\,V0'V;0/&@Z9X=TB-MBHTOV#2K:UMY)Y H
UQ*DEQ
^9)9



^C*2#[&ON
M;2]

;CL'EU
M!XG'8FEA:*E&FIU9J//5F[4Z-*/QUJ]67N4:%*



C*=/T*_9E0\\

M%HMF!)Y$_B76(0=_M?A;POX0\:):^'/.BZ)X9T*PB:6WTO1[6UT^SC'R)-

M+*JT73P/
FG3KYPIUZ=2


M:%TTXU
8G4C).





M4:M;&5XI8G

5*IBLPQ2BG42K8NKS571A[\Z6&INGA




MU;+FN_9SLN6


M_P#4E\



MTLK.WA41PV]I:VZ1V]M#&@1Q01QQHHJH  H ^-#\._VOOC SO\3/B[X=_9

ZM\4O&E_JGQ!^*VLR.FR=]3^)'C







M_P!E@U=UZWPW2Y

M+C3XM

MSQ)X/\5_%:?5]/U#33H
:Z4GAC7? 5]+&QN=8?4 S16T'T5@#H.O)]SZU^57





@X1C@C;R#T([C(K

G%7B-BLURW!Y;EN2?V?A
M
#UJ+]DG]GN'PQXH\()\.;)



_VS0X5:=-;@IC\)_A:;S1-1/PV\!?;_#
GC2;




L(D&H7%@[64]Z&^U36
MC-;22M 3&=2BH=6JU9U*C6KLYR:O*
22::!(EBEE=Y)$9V9CM445$I2DVY2<FV
MVW)MMMZMMO5MO=[OJ7&
8)1A&
8Q2BE%))1BK))+9):);(****104444 %%%






M*'4](U6-8@IN--CU&)8+?4X+6WV?/[/_PS\$Z#X \)Z)INM/X1^&/@?P_\

XTJ'Q'K%K?Z[+91

M\O)9[I[/1-TZQTC2;5IC#8V%JD42AFFDE .UK\#_P#@O7^T9\M9_X)._\
M!0'P%I?Q7\#WWC.3X+:_H
?AFVURWEUB36;/Q3H$-UIJV:9D-Y!-:SQ2PG#*
M\; \*Q'[X5^._P#P7]!7_@CA_P %!2K2#/P U?($D@!SXD\
J01NP059E((Q
MM8C&10!^IWPP.?AQX(Z'P7X3(_\)W3*[JN%^&'_).? 7_8E^$__4=TRNZH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@



MTEMFLS

@'&




MC
HCS( P&G_  EW[;OCO \-_/X
? C36E
9U/XN^/M6^+'BY('SB8^ ?A/
M;:)X4CFC7DQ/\8+F

MQE_:T^


M20L=S

M'1](2[FA;4M5EL-.U]CT^R$]V]I87MPL)BM9WC\P'CWQAXTTD7GPO\ -S!



M8T7PT-

^&

MJOW84L-!2FKU?W]:45&T7[.E.-*GS5&YJ7MZW[J$8RIQJ5I?5_D#X._#'Q)^
MSU\.]$^#/[./P@E\


M4G*W

M2I.

M45;+1=*MUFU77-0D


7C(U*5+UHX;W
3B+=Y_5:
XM2I8BHM#BO\








OQX_X+_?\ *'#_ (*?]D U;_U)?#% 'ZF
M_##_ ))SX_[$OPG_PH[IE=U7_##_DG/@+_L2_?\ ZCNF5W5 !1110 44
M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 45YY\2OBS\
_@Y


D-K:S2NJ'YF/[0?QT^
9%M^S/\#[W2/#5R0(OCE^TM9Z[\-_!4EL?*F74
M?!_PDCCM_C)X]BGM7+V)UJP^%^A7K
DD'B26 EB ?:-]?V6F6=WJ&HW=M86%

MWB^^O?#O[



M4EAN:5\



MAVI3Q*G&*;A*E%6I2C*2C..(J491:J1493IR@N&..5=4Y8.C/%4JJA..)BXT



MM+6WC2&)(HT5% &M4^VITW^XI+F4DXUJZ52=E!Q=J3O0BIR;GRRA5G3M3C





MA)XF\;7L3!@UO'K%ZH31=.96VC1?#=KHNAQ*JB+3DBO#_M3,LR]W),Z.'?
M_
WSFC7PV&MI[V#RM^PS+

M0J4J5M-:.&_=XG$;Z.?U6C-6E3Q$UH^(_P$A^.'Q2^3P?H?_DO!TW_ #-_
MCW3;?5?B5J4!P?-\._#GSGTKPOO

M7PQ7[#U^/'_!?[_E#A_P4$_[(!JW_J2^&* /U-^&'_).? 7_ &)?A/\ ]1W3
M*[JN%^&'_).? 7_8E^$__4=TRNZH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH

0D4:(K
\CLJ(H+
P )





AJ:3D[13DWL
MDFV^NRUVU%*48IRE)1BMW)I)7=E=NR5WIZGSS\-_V1_@W\//$L/Q!O=-UOXI

M Z?GU)^I/)_&O++KXV?ZVEOH(O%MGJ\VFCX8R7L'AFSU7Q7-!:?&369-!^&
MNJ-%X9L-6=]$\4:A#.UMKD0DTBRTZUN]:U6]L-'M;B_CL?\ P-8NKBWMM)^

M0L8-+\*ZQ

2R\4W \9
M'Q9H!\-:G=/9:;H$EFFEIJ3:I4\+[)RC4Q&%C**GIM]94G&*:C&IA(UZ3<V


D
M
./%VLZ]I?BGP]KMS!<:




M*YCKBBB@ HKD_%OCOP7XL/[4\:^*O#_A6P.X1W.O:M9:6D[J
^3:K=S1R7

)ZG;:-\+?A;HMEI^DZU?E/]&TW

GG^U_!_//7




M.XA66T*E:IQ#4Q6(QN Q#C*
3Q'X:BOI-<L(WN)$T^72]
M+37-5T^6_CMWTU]9TG1I;?5M6T.&\DUC2]
N[&^OK&VOK22;T\]#C'3OT_'
MVKX@M_V;/'&F?M$_$WXS^%]7\.^]*^(?A?5=)\9^%=!U#6)?#WQ@U:#P_=:


^
+26^\
:WIVMVD








M2\_9A\;6NHZ;?ZW:_M ^*X[&/4(IX/O_!07X[QPZE'?K&(A=Z3X@D\1.^E
M

MQK3Y?[&J8^G%/$-4KR=-*


M !]\

MOI=G^P?^QE9:MJ^MP_LQ_!9]0UK5]UV]-YX T2_LHM4\-6?V'2+C2]+U&UN
M=*T-((6N+70[/3[+4KEGOM4MKV]=[@^O2J99B(RJ87'5
11?/[&K2P^'J1J
M)5*:@Y2IYA.
.:FZDYJ$JO)4A3I)SC5E5H]%*OC:D*4U0P$E+D]JZ68U:D(7








P\7ZKKL$GA'QUX7U/QUJGBZ&T?POX9AGL;GPWK_ (?\

HMOZRZZ7/S.4E%1

M(_A?6[W3EU/Q?X2U*;4/#WBF\N[Z/5;73[@6*/\*_ [X2^TC70/ 7A^&:W
MUGX@Z]9WVHVK^(-4T[4?BKJTFN?$4Z7J_B*75M4TNQ\7:G)YVLZ3IUY:Z3/%
M%:V2V
@ZY_$]3]





M+Q.UO*H9X[OXA^-M
=X3\.^)O,4$PJ^5RO_$_'/QED^-OBAIOP_T

0P^A

M_A[=.!Z44?V+B


_K

M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *_'C_@O]_RA
MP_X*?\ 9 -6_P#4E\


M)6
Y4:4VY3I4Y-[N4(R;VW;3;V7W+L1PPPVT
5O;Q1P001QPPPPQI%%#%$@C
=ZW\(OA7XD=Y=?^''@76)Y!S<Z


MOC_PQ!$#P533M+\2Q:2%VX0(=/**BHBJJH@7V^BO*K9%DF(FZM?*
LJU7?\







&

MX-5

/-

C%A;6-W-
1\L#[2!_04WQS\.-C['X0^
.H(  \UM
M\&/B7$B/U


XTZ=/GC*#
G/%QG&)I*O.</8TX\T9QQ*C&-TXN+BW


\/7^GI]K[+'?\ 091_\(__ +X_J[\K

M $27XV?^&_/_ 

MLG-Z;V3;\WJP]AC/^@[_ 

O5+;337Q7_A;^M?]$.^-/_@I\!__ #PZ<OQ6\3W&?LGP'^+\
MH0J9#<GX8:7M)(*-=0^)<+39VL7
2E8QM#$%Q7M&!Z#\A05'TY!X'H0?Z4U






'.6W--I)SF^LYMR;U;;BBBNTWBBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@

M#_@H)_V0#5O_ %)?#%?L/7X\?\%_O^4.'_!03_L@&K?^I+X8H _4WX8?\DY\
M!?\ 8E^$_P#U'=
KNJX7X8?\DY\!?]B7X3_]1W3*[J@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBO#/VEKK



M-6_]27PQ7[#U^!/_  7G\=?&.\_X)1?\% M%U+X&?V9X3/P7\16;^
O^%J^#

M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %(0&!5@
$'

M_PQ+\)_^H[IE=U0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %?CQ_P7^_Y0X?\%!/^R :M_PI
M+X8K]AZ_'C_@O]_RAP_X*?]D U;_P!27PQ0!^IOPP_Y)SX_PQ+\)_^H[I
ME=U7_##_DG/@+_L2_?_J.Z97=4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%?)WQ:_:GTGX3?&SP-
M\'M:\/T7QKX

M1=_$?7/ 3W^C^(=2\$PMJ?A2WUX6'B$Z%VWP7_: \+_&B6YL]'L[K3=3@^'W
MPF^*BV-Q-#=;O WQKTC7M7\!W\L\*QQQ:A.OA;Q#9:K8()HK*^TU_LU]?VD\


M#_[_ ((X?])!/@!_X-O$O_S
4?\ #_[_ ((X?])!/@!_X-O$O_S
4 ?L/17X
M\?\ #_[_ ((X?])!/@!_X-O$O_S
4?\ #_[_ ((X?])!/@!_X-O$O_S
4 ?L
M/17X\?\ #_[_ ((X?])!/@!_X-O$O_S
4?\ #_[_ ((X?])!/@!_X-O$O_S
M4 ?L/17X\?\ #_[_ ((X?])!/@!_X-O$O_S
4?\ #_[_ ((X?])!/@!_X-O$
MO_S
4 ?L/17X\?\ #_[_ ((X?])!/@!_X-O$O_S
4?\ #_[_ ((X?])!/@!_
MX-O$O_S
4 ?L/17X\'_@O]_P1P!(_P'@GP XXXU?Q(1^8\,8/U'%'_#_P_





W5U+Z510 5YX
M_P )/A9)J#ZL_P -_ +ZI)=O?R:DW@SPRU^]])

MFF)E9RY+5Z'10!2_LW3_ /GRM/\ P%M__C5']G6'_/E:?^ MO_\ &JNT4 4O
M[.L/^?*T_P# 6W_^-4?V=8?\^5I_XV__P :J[10!2_LZP_Y\K3_ ,!;?_XU
M7S9\%/AEX@\)_%S]L'Q+XB\/6ECH/Q/^.?@CQAXO3)I%U_;7AO2?V7/V?/A

M_@+;_P#QJC^SK#_GRM/_  %M_P#XU5VB@E_9UA_SY6G_@+;_P#QJC^SK#_G
MRM/_  %M_P#XU5VB@E_9UA_SY6G_@+;_P#QJC^SK#_GRM/_  %M_P#XU5VB
M@E_9UA_SY6G_@+;_P#QJC^SK#_GRM/_  %M_P#XU5VB@E_9UA_SY6G_@+;

MX^\/VFB^./ /P&^$_@WQAI!?2=2.E^)O#7@?1=(US3SJ.ER7FG7YL]1M+B W

:J[10!2_LZP_Y\K3_P%M__ (U1_9UA_P ^5I_X
MV__ ,:J[10!2_LZP_Y\K3_P%M__ (U1_9UA_P ^5I_XV__ 
:J[10!2_LZ

MI_XV_\ \:H_LZP_Y\K3_P !;?\ ^-5=HH I?V=8?\^5I_XV_\ \:H_LZP_

M_@+;_P#QJC^SK#_GRM/_  %M_P#XU5VB@E_9UA_SY6G_@+;_P#QJC^SK#_G
MRM/_  %M_P#XU5VB@E_9UA_SY6G_@+;_P#QJC^SK#_GRM/_  %M_P#XU5VB
M@E_9UA_SY6G_@+;_P#QJC^SK#_GRM/_  %M_P#XU5VB@E_9UA_SY6G_@+;

M;)KZWADL;NWN9_I[^SK#_GRM/_ 6W_\ C57:* *7]G6'_/E:?^ MO_\ &J/[
M.L/^?*T_\!;?_P-5=HH I?V=8?\^5I_XV__P :H_LZP_Y\K3_P%M__ (U5
MVB@E_9UA_SY6G_@+;__ !JC^SK#_GRM/_ 6W_\ C57:* *7]G6'_/E:?^ M
MO_\ &J/[.L/^?*T_\!;?_P-5=HH H/IMB0






;/P(=+T\W_ 
2_$/[)/QD^&'@CX




XH;.

M6%EIMNMII]G:V-JC2.EM9V\-K;H\KM)*RPP)'&K22
TDC!07=F=B6)-6Z B
MBB@ HHHH **** *E^[1V-Y(EW!8/':W#I?72+);6;)[+=7$;SVRR06Y FF1

/''BSXB7_ (8NM+TK1_$6K?#7
V=W]O=6E
MW:W207-M<P220SV\T;PS1.\<B
C





M+=]2NY;?4H^)^&7QS^+GQ

M#P_\6])U7Q5H5K\3+JY@U&ZB\1Z-;:?X2FU2/PHWPYO-*EL_B!?^'+74CXBL






MANYAO(-1AN- U36-



]M;S17%W

OK

M?C#6OB%IOPU\ :?X]\1VMU8^(/&MCX+\


M\



.R6MR
MZ7$-HZ6\S)=7*2WMV6-BL\Z&6 /#0))4


MJG[9_A30;WPSX?\ %?@.P^ =M\


?VOX/^$GPL^'ND

MXNM]X8@CT.YL5KU:D551515JJA550%5548JH         X Q2T %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1

MS1_PL3]IS)_XQS\%$9.#_P +\LQD9.#C_A71QD8.*\S






E

MO

/CEH_[//@ZQ\%?!OPQX





_K
N
MSVEB\!@L55H8Z-7$X7#UJD:.59I5HQG5I0G-4JL
).-2FI2:A.


2H?:NX#=M7.!^


?@N70]8^%47ATW^KZU:6






M/I^CWOBI])UU/#]M?3A89=5;1]26S5C*;28#;7-1^)/BJVH0P2?#+08].?QO







MM'\:_GXESVOAGP]X;T7_A/&/P?\6ZEH\=EI/P]^)F@^
/AV/C%X3\67MK)


9;2_P!.T?6/!ME;
M@:F=!7[=?ZK





V^G:7I6F6$#W-[J&HW]W)%:V=E:6\<D]S<W$L<,
M$2-)(ZJI-?#W_ZOV^O^C(?A5_XF1I__ 

D$RS0I^@W_ZOV^O^C(
M?A5_XF1I_P#\Y@#[UHSC_\ 43_*O#_@GXQ^.?B^PU^;XW_!GPQ\';^QO[.'



^$/$'AWQ?X1^%_
)M)B\62C6[FW


@^($'QCU%M._:5T#6O@9IMY\.?$OPZT26W\







I3



#GKSU^9O3''/'X8YYZTM%=1J)M&




M %G'Y=*6B@!-H'K^9_+KT&3@=!U !H P




I
LDCNY+.Q-JB@




M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
)%% !1110!__9
end







begin 644 mcbclogoa01.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! @  9 !D  #_[  11'5C:WD  0 $    /   _^X #D%D
M;V)E &3      ?_; (0 !@0$! 4$!@4%!@D&!08)P@&!@@+# H*PH*#! 
M# P
# P0# X/$ \.#!

M&A41%1H?'Q\?'Q\?'Q\?'Q\?'Q\?'Q\?'Q\?'Q\?'Q\?'Q\?'Q\?'Q\?'Q\?
M'Q\?'Q\?'Q\?_\  $0@!( +0 P$1  (1 0
1 ?_$ -   0  P$! 0
M       ' 

Q7Q@K(C4S2B
MPG
U!])#LQ;B)&.C5/_:  P# 0 $0,1 #\ M2@ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @
M ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @
M ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @
M ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @
M ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @
M ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @
M ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @
M ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @
M ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @
M ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @
M ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @
M ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @
M ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @
M ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @
M ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @
M ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @


MCIY2%57/




NG4E[!8J%J%Z-ZZX[*<E6K55E:UTU=(C<@Y.+BJZ


MY'&C

1&G[=<W&RQAJP[KB:K6?FCUG*


M2V).5^Y\J[


PE!R=6USB;+
C9Z



MQUM
WP)QQ

(6NTLJYQ:Y!C;:%O@3GA8T5$

U]N\/!=&X#AW/!/S5IQN
M*349J
]J$J]UYOBZ#.U;SJJR\)M#)QD5$$Y!W'PG*8MX1?P7/P


;^]O\(6
I13V[*N

MJ:KEJF5.J-U6)I ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @
M ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @


MQ+R_E+_%_P#'K-E=C[W4;P  H-@&X*Q2-(0&I;#VB=UV[U&U9;CL^$[\[WE

MW&VUWJZLILM:&M#6[&M% .P*7&*2HM!J;J8[O]EF^8[WBM6)_*E]U]1E#O(6
MG[+#\QOO!
-^5'[JZA/O
R/8U['
=M:X$$=A6R45)-/

MF)WYAI[RBX!OPE%YX]GFR&=U=JNLV5
-9IW ]FN!=#9&^C+@=FYK_)N4^O


M ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @


M



=S^S2_
=[RTXC\N




E




4^:U:9RN4VI2V8ZVZ(WW+^ZL
]FEO:U*.T^I]


SX#B=@(V5Z K/#X

MH:T4:!0 =2E1BDJ+




M@ ( @ (#PM5ZWT[I:VCFR]QX;IJB!C2^63AW\+1T#K- M5V]&REAN_==
M_%R:M*M

5#E




MSSP%\+FO:2U^W;T$$%:+MZ%8M-9&9QB\IF]JM_M&^=;_ *BW\R
-AZA[5;_:
M-\Z?46_F0V'J

M5;(XF#5:H^.#/KVJW^T;YU]^HM_

/#_U'?

M=':WDU':NR3['[MQ4CC'CY)Y09KAS74);&&T#0=FQQV]RW_705'-J*EDC5Y7
MQ(V;RW6L-+P]K;N+O462/+[D=4II4$?\]+F*'EW=QOIQ7
UOLL!/\9BI(RV<18^T[
MBY-A/K2+#S;EOO@MQ_BD3 NE., ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ JUSBR=S?\P<F

M=[JR:R)B

ES.V$^5C&S?I*QAN67Q2Z/V


M_+W$3NMY
E[7.S8^.S8Z8 ]7B#ZO^

IXW^HK0

9





MY9C


JKN]K4).+VJHV





M /[S91S
FX-E0YAW'W%/LXFW.3A6.VL\4TVC@L79C;\-N5O1*C1R?-W7S-




5 X5$MX17BIT







LT4

MNUSWD-:.\E&S*

M$S;61I ( @ ;D!IG





MG^9*6RE\L8YERY^9GE&\K4[




M86\KMJ
U\44^=%Y..S)K495O






.XTW4(Z*'M7)3[



6-M'&+(2L)#IIF['Q
MU'P&'81TFO11='NS J


M+S$7)CJ1XULZKH90/@R

A\''P<VDZ_!8J-^&T





?M//+C.7GY


31RVYU8K'8S[MU$)





MR82=NV[EW\VZ]J7!J7)T'FN(FI248YHY$1=K_GO%:228W2O!/
VK9
F\!T;3
M_


X[


3I4NL+1HO\W0$V]:1P@BH
KA

M)\.W8WK+06L:T?&?YU6N=RZZ9SO(83!;OM[=(Q2^)Y9/U\B/&R6G+ZRSQP4;
MF7V0:]D/#:DR-


RX@)/P)8F.=P]5:#L*^QQ*MSV5..U\NTF^55*ERP&\
MDXTK+71QEQIT]-*)YT'K;'ZMPC+ZW BNHZ

M]J//=[;LG@[KA++'X7K7MUG2*05A 7-[7-SJ;
Q:0T_Q7%K'
V.4Q;?:;FM



#6]CI'!/O9:

M1&7#0M/IR=TF+CCD_6VQ=!(.HL- /HT7GGEV^YX2
9=^VW!_N^ZAW6+C2=5F

7)I+21)R44V\R*49;(SY/*7F1


F'B:[UX2Z)PZN$[!YB%Y

=F.6X\R6?W+AYCI]S;C\7MW
WIZ


M3V






M#9/8#EI37Y _*I$MSXK-]3/\*]IBL1#Y$?OW-E/_ .6E^@/RK[^CXK_^F?X5
M[3Y]1#Y$?
N!R$L;HY

M0C*X_1E1
EDKW)W]QD+Z5T]W=/

M.6G+8:D
N5RTC[73UFX-ED8/K+B3?X

MB9?9)ZP.(F-FVTPMO'A

S8QL+:/?VEWK/=UN)\Z\N6*WCO:3FI.S8U_$^+W
X'&+
M$6]JFS+2M3],S.*QN#E8GLO*M#UFOH[5%WIK.P9*#B=$#P7<+33Q(7$<3?G

M(RDWU^3^\O65F73G*%M-#?L.F?\ M^S_ *MJ\IQO^^/_ $I?^1GHF#_LH_N_


M55SIKE+3 ;WOX94A)J.K]M40MS6T#I[2EE:.MF2LO;R1PB:+@21^&P#C)8Z



MP$3(K8&V;9XZR;PX_'-W-&_C?UN._;MKO3!X&YBKD;^(CL0A^7;U?:EPG XK


M*==Y8W&E%8BZLK[BU?:]G/Q1WH72

M67D3:702ES




Z/R]N7ZNYM3_*AGX7J]
MOO*XV-ED
T]FS'\R:^)_)'
MU^E?,=Z;SE?GXL_W(ZEK?1-INX@P_-^Y-T/#=%=WT







%GD^

MKOX10LK^8X*PW5/^6X?TYRAR+N_X6CQ+$QI+C].LWU9F@U\ED;/&V%Q?WLHA

M


M







E+4ZEPM/2QB]R



R^H-@$KF<$X'_$!7F%F/TV\KN'^&7\R//27/







#5_Y



MN

;#$5^
MW^7F'Z /1M4?&7IV[2C;_.NO8AP?-+D7





M3!5MS

MDDB^8*

*



M!(O-_.EKP
38Q:S*6S+BED?



MQNK[-MVQXL\S;-X8;PM):YE2?#F#=O#4['#:WNJIF&WE]


Y



MU'
5X_$)(YW

MHN@\5^

T*1CW2S+B(V[U6_'C+0Z4CK;75R[]9/.XN/8/\ :2O)O*MN
?DP<BYGC:EI_(38^6/L<3





MJG%8V05BNKJ)DP_F^(%_\6JCVH[4DB[WCB'9P\[BS


M$8F

M[*ZSL_


=Y5SNS=\<+94%EEGD]<GG9P5ZZYRJ;:L#45AY
MWV@M^8M^\@N(X):?\)K#[K%2XQ4N













MDGE6IYFN=

9E=O#97
4T@&\L:\%[?*VH5_?M[


MRYG1H]%Q


3?R:Q\L&A


&M]$QZMY



[PY0/(5MP,MG%/[=M<\&_5)'F7FG



\



M\KYCA]YW?%N.X\\FZ+0HK



MJ\V\J6G'!J;SW)2EZO4=QCI5N4U(K_\ B$P'W?K9N1C;2#+0-E)&[QHOJY!Y


JDVG5

QFW-^NR
S
?:]?!&..6G8[B \B\^_Y Q_AX7PUWIY.?W)


MXR^IZ.+U1VE
M?,=B59M.;8P.&=ZZHZ-/$6:QW]]FRN3X:0B)\-N*4'&]'YH'G7D/E]O%8V[
MBWW:[



K:4



ML]A.8((J-H.XK0G4MS\!VD=2^)@_20T%SC0#:2=P^@K9SOYFV^HKIFP\OB
M8BR?QSW#?5GG%6CAZXV FAZ3MZ 5TN[



M+(]#U

\NQFYL3A


F^!
X;4



MW;B+[I;A)\F3GS%?.9W-2[U;



O$TNJKF.L=J3;XJ
C]9=O%.
#I$;3Y
M^Y0


MFSZ*TXY=OD/2/*

J//T*ME)RFZ0BJOB+_?.\?I;-5^9
M+)%<.OB19K3]L73(/8(S< -MX@*.!FQC0/(ONX[4KCGBYJDKO=7RP6;GS]
M)Y3BI_!6M,_R

M?



MB6G]AP.]-Y2O7'=EDKD@M4=?&RN6:NI+O



%5E1@-U7\5-1A%TTO0BJVH








M^!CBEIZ
D]P9&@_
8R
_QEKAN5:9=!MGOU_#'I(OU7KG4VJK@2YB\=+&PUAM




MF%KL*+KKK[4=A_J2US^XXS^BN/[=9_HUK7+H]AN_6[VJ/3[1_J2US^XXS^BN


M-SXIRXMCD+074G K0=2O[6Z;4HIMRRK@]A47=\W8S:2CD;U^TTO]26N?W'&?



5

MB

KUY2T1Z_=G+!Z
M4CE]FFNIA22\D


M:W'E[^3B]Y









MYQH  -I)*^I5
9244VW1(GOEUR_DTY$/$:U^J+YE)GBCFV
#M[01_*.^$1W#

%E:LMX1Z+=YZ
EP.L\E9N;PP2RNN;0]!AF)<V

1VM@:%]@-X]KC5L_
N!7_ '(\Z]IS_PA8GY24M:5GT_

*U6=JXX






M@U*

MXRUH@2A&2I)51!NL/P_



M-B*M3C)[4=*UG1[@P-VPY;:I4XS4G)36MQG\C=-]C9%=7
T\(DN6

MT/8NW_7L)9C&
YJ


J@\T;[PE_ W(6[D7*CTK4^$L=R[LOV+ZE




MVOSI2P+;X


LJ\3YH@E_)@Y<


M6I]

BZ3\:5WPG'IKM*SM;NO8









C9(K:-DC=K7-: 0MEK=6&MR4H6XJ2TI'R5^;5&V;2


N!&
KLI


EOIK#0'B%N'N'3(2[W#L]Q


M6GQF/GD
LUO')(=[W-!.S8H-_=F&NRVIVXREK:-D;TXJB;
?W)B/W.+Z(6K]
M%P?]*'X49?47/F8^Y









GM




GM
7ROHN_(MOC

9^PU[#,<$\8CJ[BJXEQ]%QWGLU6;T=FK
MKERYF92BZF7VF+Y7T7?D6WQX\/
_88[#'M


@D]'I45?C
-A;J;G!2EPQR\]#;;G..9Y.
PLPV :76W$XA
M)$A]]18[FPI6W5_O&;Q%W7U&Y S'V_ZB%L7S(RWW@K*Q:P]G\NCQ1IZC5)



#?'*;ZY&WZJYKZ$;T,$$#!'#&V-@^P #W%:6;$+4=F$5&.I*AIE)

RWF 0&&W-))V=3Z_2 *CV
M724EP]:
Y9D9E(

N
SJ28&

M( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @

J


MY@$!

M ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @
M ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ UIH9(WFXMQ5_\I%T/'_U*)=M2B]N&?2M?
MO-D9)JC


MK
=U^S2_
=[RTXC\N7W7U&4
Z%K^S1?

RD&!\331PQ


MG'T




ML.


;


M @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ (
M @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @ ( @
-U9V]TSAE;4C:UXV.
% V9V._%7(?
%PH:  J3<PEN<7%Q5&81N23K4U;7PV2^QW+&^,T5BD+121HZ?G
M#IAX;9C+PKB6WH=.\O:M*Y39.K6U'-U&[[/;_9
^B%/\'RKF-6T]9I8^*%
MCY[1[&ET+N)E0*F-_I-\VY5^MPC*=II5@\GW995S9C;=DVE+69[R 6DY$;
M01&X@T'Q2I.*LP5J;HNZ]' 86Y/:672+. VD!
;23&TDT'Q0F%LP=J#HNZM
M' +DGM/+I
%_%^6T8QH
KN.0@#9&S:?.:!1L;;A*4+22[3J\GPQS\[HC.W

M$ 0! $ 0! $ 0! $ 0! $ 0! $ 0! $ 0! $ 0! $ 0! $ 0! $ 0! $ 0!
M$ 0! $ 0! $ 0! $ 0! $ 0! $ 0! :L^.MY7^*VL

M;2K?S1R/EU\IMC=:5,Z-6YMKXL#9XF7T;=K7L/A3-/6.CS$*#B,/?I2
PV*CL2ELRS
MJO9DGKC[JFKPYP=5E7.?3;V:T(BR'J;F7@'H'Y_Q3[BRCC)V'LXC-HG\+^]\
MKZ#X[:EEAS'[D*Q.BR






M!M#.#B8#\ST6GRA+FY


M$MYH;7WLO0\G0:Y8JX])Z#&

 'defref_dei_DocumentInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityRegistrantName'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_TradingSymbol'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCentralIndexKey'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentType'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalYearFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_AmendmentFlag'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityFilerCategory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityVoluntaryFilers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCurrentReportingStatus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityPublicFloat'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonClassAMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonClassBMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=tap_ClassExchangeableSharesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=tap_ClassBExchangeableSharesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ExciseAndSalesTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_SalesRevenueGoodsNetExcludingExciseAndSalesTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringSettlementAndImpairmentProvisions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_DistributionsFromEquityMethodInvestment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpenseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentIncomeInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationsNetOfTaxAttributableToReportingEntity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProfitLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsPerBasicShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationsNetOfTaxPerBasicShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDilutedAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsPerDilutedShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationsNetOfTaxPerDilutedShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationsNetOfTaxAttributableToReportingEntity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProfitLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPeriodIncreaseDecreaseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeUnrealizedGainLossOnDerivativesArisingDuringPeriodNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIOnDerivativesNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansAdjustmentNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossAmortizationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansForNetPriorServiceCostCreditNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossOwnershipShareOfUnconsolidatedSubsidiaries'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTaxIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_NetIncomeLossAttributabletoNoncontrollingInterestNetofCumulativeTranslationAdjustment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReceivablesNetCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueFromRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsNotesAndLoansReceivableNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryFinishedGoods'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryWorkInProcess'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryRawMaterialsAndSupplies'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherInventorySupplies'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_MaintenanceAndOperatingSuppliesNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsNetExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_InvestmentInEquityMethodInvestment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNetNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesAndLoansReceivableNetNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableAndOtherAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementDefinedBenefitPlansLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesGrossNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Liabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingencies'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapital'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MinorityInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonClassAMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonClassBMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=tap_ClassExchangeableSharesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_ExchangeableStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=tap_ClassBExchangeableSharesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_ExchangeableStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllowanceForNotesAndLoansReceivableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_AllowanceForObsoleteSuppliesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllowanceForNotesAndLoansReceivableNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueToAffiliateCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_PreferredStockNonVotingNoParValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonClassAMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonClassBMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=tap_ClassExchangeableSharesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_ExchangeableStockNoParValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_ExchangeableStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_ExchangeableStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=tap_ClassBExchangeableSharesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_ExchangeableStockNoParValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_ExchangeableStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_ExchangeableStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProfitLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfFinancingCostsAndDiscounts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_LossGainOnSaleOrImpairmentOfPropertiesAndIntangibles'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_EquityIncomeLossInEquityMethodInvestment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_DistributionsFromEquityMethodInvestment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentDividendsOrDistributions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ExcessTaxBenefitFromShareBasedCompensationOperatingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnForeignCurrencyDerivativeInstrumentsNotDesignatedAsHedgingInstruments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_CurrentincomeTaxBenefitExpenseCashFlow'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxesPaidNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpenseDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPaidNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_PensionExpenseCashFlow'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitContributions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingCapitalAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInReceivables'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInInventories'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayableTrade'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherOperatingCapitalNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_NonCashGainLossFromOperatingActivitiesDiscontinuedOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireProductiveAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfOtherProductiveAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireBusinessesNetOfCashAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromDivestitureOfBusinesses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_PaymentsToInvestInEquityMethodInvestment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_ReturnOfCapitalFromEquityMethodInvestment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForProceedsFromOtherInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromStockPlans'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ExcessTaxBenefitFromShareBasedCompensationFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfDividends'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_PaymentsForRepurchaseOfTreasuryStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfOtherLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfDebtIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForDerivativeInstrumentFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_ProceedsFromRepaymentsOfRevolvingCreditFacilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_ChangesInShortTermBorrowingsAndOverdraftBalances'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValueAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecreaseExcludingExchangeRateEffect'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectOfExchangeRateOnCashAndCashEquivalents'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInStockholdersEquityRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueConversionOfConvertibleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MinorityInterestDecreaseFromRedemptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_AdjustmentstoAdditionalPaidInCapitalProceedsfromSettlementofConvertibleDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_AdjustmentstoAdditionalPaidInCapitalPaymentonSettlementofConvertibleDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProfitLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_EquityMethodInvestmentIncreaseDecreaseDueToReclassification'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsCommonStockCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInStockholdersEquityRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueConversionOfConvertibleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MinorityInterestDecreaseFromRedemptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProfitLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsCommonStockCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInStockholdersEquityRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueConversionOfConvertibleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MinorityInterestDecreaseFromRedemptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProfitLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockRepurchasedDuringPeriodValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsCommonStockCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BasisOfPresentationAndSignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsAndChangesInAccountingPrinciplesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentsAndJointVenturesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentsDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherIncomeAndExpensesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherIncomeAndOtherExpenseDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ExtraordinaryAndUnusualItemsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnusualOrInfrequentItemsDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsSharebasedPaymentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNoteTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CompensationAndRetirementDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CompensationAndEmployeeBenefitPlansTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesAndFairValueTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PayablesAndAccrualsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_SupplementalGuarantorInformationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_SupplementalGuarantorInformationTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiscalPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConsolidationPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UseOfEstimates'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueRecognitionPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_ExciseTaxesPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfSalesPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpensesPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_SpecialItemsPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_EquityIncomeinMillerCoorsPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpensePolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherIncomeAndOtherExpenseDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNoteTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReceivablesPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_MaintenanceandoperatingsuppliesPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentsPolicy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementPlansPolicy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueOfFinancialInstrumentsPolicy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ForeignCurrencyTransactionsAndTranslationsPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfSegmentReportingInformationBySegmentTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReconciliationOfAssetsFromSegmentToConsolidatedTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_ScheduleOfSegmentReportingInformationCashFlowTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReconciliationOfRevenueFromSegmentsToConsolidatedTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEntityWideDisclosureOnGeographicAreasLongLivedAssetsInIndividualForeignCountriesByCountryTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentsAndJointVenturesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentsTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_RelatedPartyTransactionsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_ScheduleOfVariableInterestEntitiesSummarizedFinancialInformationTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherIncomeAndExpensesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfOtherNonoperatingIncomeExpenseTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfIncomeBeforeIncomeTaxDomesticAndForeignTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsRollForwardTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SummaryOfPositionsForWhichSignificantChangeInUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIsReasonablyPossibleTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ExtraordinaryAndUnusualItemsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfUnusualOrInfrequentItemsTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfRestructuringReserveByTypeOfCostTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfStockByClassTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfGoodwillTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_ScheduleOfIntangibleAssetsExcludingGoodwillTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleofFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsFutureAmortizationExpenseTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDebtInstrumentsTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfMaturitiesOfLongTermDebtTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_ScheduleOfInterestCostsIncurredTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsSharebasedPaymentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfCompensationCostForShareBasedPaymentArrangementsAllocationOfShareBasedCompensationCostsByPlanTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfNonvestedShareActivityTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationStockOptionsAndStockAppreciationRightsAwardActivityTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedPaymentAwardStockOptionsValuationAssumptionsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_ScheduleofSharebasedpaymentAwardPerformanceShareUnitsValuationAssumptionsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_ScheduleOfReclassificationsFromAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeToEarningsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CompensationAndRetirementDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfNetBenefitCostsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_ScheduleOfChangesInProjectedBenefitObligationPlanAssetsAndFundedStatusOfPensionPlansTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfNetPeriodicBenefitCostNotYetRecognizedTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAmountsRecognizedInOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAmountsInAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossToBeRecognizedOverNextFiscalYearTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAssumptionsUsedTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEffectOfOnePercentagePointChangeInAssumedHealthCareCostTrendRatesTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_ScheduleOfDefinedBenefitPlanAssetsTargetAndActualAllocationsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_ScheduleOfFairValueOfPlanAssetsByMeasurementTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_ScheduleOfEffectOfSignificantUnobservableInputsChangesInDefinedBenefitPensionPlanAssetsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfExpectedBenefitPaymentsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_ScheduleOfFairValueMeasusementOfCorporateInvestedPlanAssetsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfFairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringBasisTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDerivativeInstrumentsInStatementOfFinancialPositionFairValueTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDerivativeInstrumentsGainLossInStatementOfFinancialPerformanceTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfOtherDerivativesNotDesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentsStatementsOfFinancialPerformanceAndFinancialPositionLocationTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PayablesAndAccrualsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAccruedLiabilitiesTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_ScheduleSupplyContractsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_ScheduleOfLongTermNoncancelableAdvertisingAndPromotionsContractsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfLossContingenciesByContingencyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_SupplementalGuarantorInformationStatementOfOperationsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_SupplementalGuarantorInformationBalanceSheetsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_SupplementalGuarantorInformationStatementOfCashFlowsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsAndNotesReceivableNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvertisingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidAdvertising'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentIncomeInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LoansReceivableNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_AllowanceforObsoleteInventoryFinishedGoods'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=tap_ReturnableBottlesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=tap_CratesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=tap_ReturnableKegsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=tap_ReturnablePalletsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=tap_DispensingEquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ErrorCorrectionsAndPriorPeriodAdjustmentsRestatementByRestatementPeriodAndAmountAxis=tap_UncertainTaxPositionsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PriorPeriodReclassificationAdjustment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ErrorCorrectionsAndPriorPeriodAdjustmentsRestatementByRestatementPeriodAndAmountAxis=tap_UncertainTaxPositionsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PriorPeriodReclassificationAdjustment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ErrorCorrectionsAndPriorPeriodAdjustmentsRestatementByRestatementPeriodAndAmountAxis=us-gaap_RetainedEarningsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_ErrorCorrectionAndPriorPeriodAdjustmentAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=country_GB'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentIncomeInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_NumberOfWeeksInFiscalYearReportingPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_NumberOfWeeksInFiscalYearReportingPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_CustomerMarketingCommitmentsTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPaidNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxesPaidNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueFromRelatedParties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueToRelatedPartiesCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentEquityMethodInvesteeNameAxis=tap_MillercoorsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueFromRelatedParties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueToRelatedPartiesCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentEquityMethodInvesteeNameAxis=tap_BriMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueFromRelatedParties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueToRelatedPartiesCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentEquityMethodInvesteeNameAxis=tap_BdlMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueFromRelatedParties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueToRelatedPartiesCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentEquityMethodInvesteeNameAxis=us-gaap_OtherAffiliatesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueFromRelatedParties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueToRelatedPartiesCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementEarlyAdoptionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_ScenarioPreviouslyReportedMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementEarlyAdoptionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_RestatementAdjustmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementEarlyAdoptionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_SalesRevenueGoodsNetExcludingExciseAndSalesTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentIncomeInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringSettlementAndImpairmentProvisions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentEquityMethodInvesteeNameAxis=tap_ModeloMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromDivestitureOfInterestInJointVenture'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentEquityMethodInvesteeNameAxis=tap_HeinekenMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnContractTermination'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_ProceedsFromCollectionofTerminationFees'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis=country_CA'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_SalesRevenueGoodsNetExcludingExciseAndSalesTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentIncomeInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis=country_US'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_SalesRevenueGoodsNetExcludingExciseAndSalesTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentIncomeInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis=us-gaap_EuropeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LossOnContractTermination'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_SalesRevenueGoodsNetExcludingExciseAndSalesTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentIncomeInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis=us-gaap_EuropeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_ProceedsFromCollectionofTerminationFees'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis=us-gaap_EuropeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOfIntangibleAssetsIndefinitelivedExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis=tap_MciMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_SalesRevenueGoodsNetExcludingExciseAndSalesTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentIncomeInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis=us-gaap_CorporateMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_SalesRevenueGoodsNetExcludingExciseAndSalesTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentIncomeInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis=us-gaap_IntersegmentEliminationMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_SalesRevenueGoodsNetExcludingExciseAndSalesTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentIncomeInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis=country_CA'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis=country_US'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis=us-gaap_EuropeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis=tap_MciMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis=us-gaap_CorporateMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireProductiveAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis=country_CA'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireProductiveAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis=us-gaap_EuropeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireProductiveAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis=tap_MciMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireProductiveAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis=us-gaap_CorporateMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireProductiveAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_SalesRevenueGoodsNetExcludingExciseAndSalesTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_MaximumPercentageOfSalesAccountedForBySingleCustomer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MajorCustomersAxis=tap_UnaffiliatedCustomersMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_SalesRevenueGoodsNetExcludingExciseAndSalesTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis=us-gaap_EuropeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_SalesRevenueGoodsNetExcludingExciseAndSalesTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis=country_CA'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_SalesRevenueGoodsNetExcludingExciseAndSalesTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis=country_CA'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_SalesRevenueGoodsNetExcludingExciseAndSalesTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis=tap_UnitedStatesAndTerritoriesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_SalesRevenueGoodsNetExcludingExciseAndSalesTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis=country_GB'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_SalesRevenueGoodsNetExcludingExciseAndSalesTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis=tap_OtherForeignCountriesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_SalesRevenueGoodsNetExcludingExciseAndSalesTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_MaximumPercentageofPropertiesAccountedforbySingleCountry'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis=country_CA'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis=tap_UnitedStatesAndTerritoriesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis=country_GB'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis=tap_ChinaAndOtherForeignCountriesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringReserveAcceleratedDepreciation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentSummarizedFinancialInformationIncomeStatementAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentEquityMethodInvesteeNameAxis=tap_MillercoorsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_NumberOfDirectorsAppointed'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentOwnershipPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringReserveAcceleratedDepreciation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentSummarizedFinancialInformationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentSummarizedFinancialInformationCurrentAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentSummarizedFinancialInformationNoncurrentAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentSummarizedFinancialInformationAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentSummarizedFinancialInformationCurrentLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentSummarizedFinancialInformationNoncurrentLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentSummarizedFinancialInformationLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentSummarizedFinancialInformationMinorityInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentSummarizedFinancialInformationEquityOrCapital'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentSummarizedFinancialInformationLiabilitiesAndEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentSummarizedFinancialInformationIncomeStatementAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentSummarizedFinancialInformationRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentSummarizedFinancialInformationCostOfSales'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentSummarizedFinancialInformationGrossProfitLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentSummarizedFinancialInformationIncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeExtraordinaryItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentSummarizedFinancialInformationNetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanSettlementsBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_EquityMethodInvestmentVotingPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetImpairmentCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentEquityMethodInvesteeNameAxis=tap_SabMillerMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_NumberOfDirectorsAppointed'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentOwnershipPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentSummarizedFinancialInformationIncomeStatementAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_EquityMethodInvestmentVotingPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis=us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentOwnershipPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_InvestmentInEquityMethodInvestment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_EquityIncomeLossInEquityMethodInvestment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentEquityMethodInvesteeNameAxis=tap_MillercoorsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentSummarizedFinancialInformationNetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentOwnershipPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentDifferenceBetweenCarryingAmountAndUnderlyingEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_EquityMethodInvestmentDifferenceFromAccountingPolicyElections'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_InvestmentInEquityMethodInvestment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_IncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestmentsBeforeAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_EquityMethodInvestmentAdjustmentAmortizationOfDifferenceBetweenCarryingAmountAndUnderlyingEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_EquityMethodInvestmentAdjustmentShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_EquityIncomeLossInEquityMethodInvestment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentEquityMethodInvesteeNameAxis=tap_MillercoorsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_EquityMethodInvestmentsIntercompanyTransactionsSalesRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_EquityMethodInvestmentsIntercompanyTransactionsPurchases'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_EquityMethodInvestmentsIntercompanyTransactionsServiceAgreementAndOtherChargesToInvestee'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_EquityMethodInvestmentsIntercompanyTransactionsServiceAgreementCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UndistributedEarnings'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentEquityMethodInvesteeNameAxis=tap_BriMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_EquityMethodInvestmentAdministrativeFeesRelatedToAgreements'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentEquityMethodInvesteeNameAxis=tap_BdlMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_EquityMethodInvestmentAdministrativeFeesRelatedToAgreements'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueFromRelatedParties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueToRelatedPartiesCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentEquityMethodInvesteeNameAxis=us-gaap_OtherAffiliatesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueFromRelatedParties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueToRelatedPartiesCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentEquityMethodInvesteeNameAxis=tap_BdlMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueFromRelatedParties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueToRelatedPartiesCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentEquityMethodInvesteeNameAxis=tap_BriMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueFromRelatedParties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueToRelatedPartiesCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentEquityMethodInvesteeNameAxis=tap_MillercoorsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueFromRelatedParties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueToRelatedPartiesCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_VariableInterestEntityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Liabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_VariableInterestEntitiesByClassificationOfEntityAxis=tap_GrolschMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_VariableInterestEntityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentOwnershipPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Liabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_VariableInterestEntitiesByClassificationOfEntityAxis=tap_CobraMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_VariableInterestEntityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsidiaryOrEquityMethodInvesteeCumulativePercentageOwnershipAfterAllTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Liabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_InvestmentInEquityMethodInvestment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringSettlementAndImpairmentProvisions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentEquityMethodInvesteeNameAxis=tap_BriMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_InvestmentInEquityMethodInvestment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_EquityMethodInvestmentAdministrativeFeesRelatedToAgreements'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_GuarantorObligationPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentEquityMethodInvesteeNameAxis=tap_BdlMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_EquityMethodInvestmentVotingControlPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_EquityMethodInvestmentNumberOfMembersInDistributionOperation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_InvestmentInEquityMethodInvestment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_EquityMethodInvestmentAdministrativeFeesRelatedToAgreements'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentEquityMethodInvesteeNameAxis=tap_AbiMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_EquityMethodInvestmentVotingControlPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentEquityMethodInvesteeNameAxis=tap_TradeteamLtdMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForProceedsFromBusinessesAndInterestInAffiliates'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromDivestitureOfInterestInJointVenture'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentOwnershipPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionExpensesFromTransactionsWithRelatedParty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentEquityMethodInvesteeNameAxis=tap_TradeteamLtdMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromDivestitureOfInterestInJointVenture'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentEquityMethodInvesteeNameAxis=tap_TradeteamLtdMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromDivestitureOfInterestInJointVenture'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentEquityMethodInvesteeNameAxis=tap_TradeteamLtdMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringSettlementAndImpairmentProvisions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentEquityMethodInvesteeNameAxis=tap_TradeteamLtdMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentEquityMethodInvesteeNameAxis=tap_ModeloMolsonImportsLPMmiMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsidiaryOrEquityMethodInvesteeCumulativePercentageOwnershipAfterAllTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentEquityMethodInvesteeNameAxis=tap_ModeloMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsidiaryOrEquityMethodInvesteeCumulativePercentageOwnershipAfterAllTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromDivestitureOfInterestInJointVenture'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_MarketingandAdministrativeCostRecoveries'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_EquityMethodInvestmentAdjustmentAmortizationOfDifferenceBetweenCarryingAmountAndUnderlyingEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentEquityMethodInvesteeNameAxis=tap_McSiHaiMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentRealizedGainLossOnDisposal'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_LegalandOtherFeesRelatedtoDisposalofJointVenture'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentEquityMethodInvesteeNameAxis=tap_McSiHaiMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentSoldCarryingAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentEquityMethodInvesteeNameAxis=tap_McSiHaiMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityAxis=tap_CanadianImperialBankofCommerceCIBCMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_DebtInstrumentRenewalOptionTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByLiabilityClassAxis=us-gaap_OtherCurrentLiabilitiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GuaranteesFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_VariableInterestEntitiesByClassificationOfEntityAxis=tap_GrolschMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentOwnershipPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_OtherIncomeExpenseLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpenseByComponentAxis=tap_BridgeFacilityFeesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_OtherIncomeExpenseLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpenseByComponentAxis=tap_GainonSaleofNonoperatingAssetMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_OtherIncomeExpenseLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpenseByComponentAxis=us-gaap_ForeignExchangeAndOtherDerivativeFinancialInstrumentsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_OtherIncomeExpenseLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpenseByComponentAxis=tap_OtherIncomeExpenseNetMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_OtherIncomeExpenseLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_OtherIncomeExpenseLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MinorityInterestOwnershipPercentageByNoncontrollingOwners'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnSaleOfInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_GainLossRelatedtoTaxSettlement'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestmentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesDomestic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesForeign'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitContinuingOperationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentFederalTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentForeignTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitContinuingOperationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredFederalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredStateAndLocalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredForeignIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperationsTaxRateReconciliationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefitLitigationSettlement'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationStateAndLocalIncomeTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationForeignIncomeTaxRateDifferential'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTaxContingencies'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationChangeInDeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationOtherAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis=country_ME'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperationsTaxRateReconciliationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis=country_GB'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperationsTaxRateReconciliationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis=country_CA'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperationsTaxRateReconciliationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_IncomeTaxBenefitByBasisAxis=tap_AdvancedPricingAgreementMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitContinuingOperationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNetCurrentClassificationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefitsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseReservesAndAccrualsAccruedLiabilitiesAndOtherCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseReservesAndAccruals'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGrossCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesPartnershipInvestmentsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesGrossCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_DeferredTaxCurrentLiabilitiesNetbyJurisdiction'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNetNoncurrentClassificationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefitsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefitsPostretirementBenefitsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxCreditCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_DeferredTaxAssetsIntercompanyFinancing'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_DeferredTaxAssetsPartnershipInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseReservesAndAccrualsOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_DeferredTaxAssetsOtherNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowanceNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGrossNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesPartnershipInvestmentsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesUnrealizedCurrencyTransactionGains'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesGoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesDerivatives'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesOtherNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesNoncurrentPriorToNetting'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDecreasesResultingFromCurrentPeriodTaxPositions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesNetbyJurisdictionNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SignificantChangeInUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIsReasonablyPossibleLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefitLitigationSettlement'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReconciliationOfUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsExcludingAmountsPertainingToExaminedTaxReturnsRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncreasesResultingFromCurrentPeriodTaxPositions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncreasesResultingFromPriorPeriodTaxPositions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDecreasesResultingFromPriorPeriodTaxPositions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDecreasesResultingFromSettlementsWithTaxingAuthorities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsReductionsResultingFromLapseOfApplicableStatuteOfLimitations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsForeignCurrencyAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_ScenarioForecastMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReconciliationOfUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsExcludingAmountsPertainingToExaminedTaxReturnsRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDecreasesResultingFromSettlementsWithTaxingAuthorities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_ScenarioForecastMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReconciliationOfUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsExcludingAmountsPertainingToExaminedTaxReturnsRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDecreasesResultingFromSettlementsWithTaxingAuthorities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TaxCreditCarryforwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsPeriodIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncreasesResultingFromPriorPeriodTaxPositions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncomeTaxPenaltiesAndInterestAccrued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_RetainedEarningsAttributableToForeignSubsidiariesConsideredToBeIndefinitelyInvested'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDecreasesResultingFromSettlementsWithTaxingAuthorities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsReductionsResultingFromLapseOfApplicableStatuteOfLimitations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsReductionsResultingFromMultipleCauses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TaxCreditCarryforwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_IncomeTaxStatutesOfLimitationsTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TaxCreditCarryforwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_IncomeTaxStatutesOfLimitationsTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TaxCreditCarryforwardAxis=us-gaap_GeneralBusinessMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TaxCreditCarryforwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsCapitalLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BalanceSheetLocationAxis=us-gaap_OtherCurrentLiabilitiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TaxCreditCarryforwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncreasesResultingFromPriorPeriodTaxPositions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BalanceSheetLocationAxis=us-gaap_OtherNoncurrentLiabilitiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TaxCreditCarryforwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncreasesResultingFromPriorPeriodTaxPositions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis=country_GB'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TaxCreditCarryforwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis=country_GB'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TaxCreditCarryforwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsCapitalLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis=country_CA'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TaxCreditCarryforwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDecreasesResultingFromSettlementsWithTaxingAuthorities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis=tap_CanadaeuropeDomain'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TaxCreditCarryforwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsReductionsResultingFromLapseOfApplicableStatuteOfLimitations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxAuthorityAxis=us-gaap_ForeignCountryMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TaxCreditCarryforwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsCapitalLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxAuthorityAxis=us-gaap_ForeignCountryMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TaxCreditCarryforwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_OperatingLossAndTaxCreditCarryforwardsExpirationDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxAuthorityAxis=us-gaap_StateAndLocalJurisdictionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TaxCreditCarryforwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsCapitalLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxAuthorityAxis=us-gaap_StateAndLocalJurisdictionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TaxCreditCarryforwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_OperatingLossAndTaxCreditCarryforwardsExpirationDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxAuthorityAxis=us-gaap_StateAndLocalJurisdictionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TaxCreditCarryforwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_OperatingLossAndTaxCreditCarryforwardsExpirationDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncomeTaxPenaltiesAndInterestAccrued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsOffsettingPositions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncludingIncomeTaxPenaltiesInterestandOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsNetAgainstNoncurrentDeferredTaxAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsThatWouldImpactEffectiveTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesNetCurrentDomestic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesNetCurrentForeign'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_Deferredtaxassetsnetcurrentforeign'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_CurrentdeferredtaxliabilitiesDomesticForeign'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_DeferredTaxAssetsNetNoncurrentDomestic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_DomesticNetNoncurrentDeferredTaxLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_DeferredTaxAssetsNetNoncurrentForeign'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesNetNoncurrentForeign'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesNetNoncurrentForeignDomestic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringSettlementAndImpairmentProvisions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringReserveAcceleratedDepreciation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnusualOrInfrequentItemAxis=tap_BriLoanGuaranteeAdjustmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringSettlementAndImpairmentProvisions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnusualOrInfrequentItemAxis=tap_TerminationFeesandOtherGainsLossesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringSettlementAndImpairmentProvisions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnusualOrInfrequentItemAxis=tap_TerminationFeesandOtherGainsLossesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringSettlementAndImpairmentProvisions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnusualOrInfrequentItemAxis=tap_TerminationOfJointVentureMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringSettlementAndImpairmentProvisions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnusualOrInfrequentItemAxis=us-gaap_RestructuringChargesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringSettlementAndImpairmentProvisions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnusualOrInfrequentItemAxis=us-gaap_RestructuringChargesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringSettlementAndImpairmentProvisions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnusualOrInfrequentItemAxis=us-gaap_RestructuringChargesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringSettlementAndImpairmentProvisions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnusualOrInfrequentItemAxis=us-gaap_RestructuringChargesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringSettlementAndImpairmentProvisions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnusualOrInfrequentItemAxis=tap_OtherEmployeeRelatedCostsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringSettlementAndImpairmentProvisions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnusualOrInfrequentItemAxis=tap_SoftwareAbandonmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringSettlementAndImpairmentProvisions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnusualOrInfrequentItemAxis=tap_AssetAbandonmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringSettlementAndImpairmentProvisions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnusualOrInfrequentItemAxis=tap_AssetAbandonmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringSettlementAndImpairmentProvisions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnusualOrInfrequentItemAxis=tap_AssetAbandonmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringReserveAcceleratedDepreciation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnusualOrInfrequentItemAxis=tap_BrandImpairmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringSettlementAndImpairmentProvisions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnusualOrInfrequentItemAxis=tap_ChinaImpairmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringSettlementAndImpairmentProvisions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnusualOrInfrequentItemAxis=tap_ReleaseOfNonIncomeRelatedTaxReserveMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnusualOrInfrequentItemGainGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnusualOrInfrequentItemAxis=tap_FloodInsuranceReimbursementMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnusualOrInfrequentItemNetOfInsuranceProceeds'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnusualOrInfrequentItemInsuranceProceeds'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnusualOrInfrequentItemLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringSettlementAndImpairmentProvisions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringReserveAcceleratedDepreciation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=country_CA'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnusualOrInfrequentItemLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_PercentageOfFairValueExceedingCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=country_CA'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnusualOrInfrequentItemLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringSettlementAndImpairmentProvisions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=us-gaap_EuropeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnusualOrInfrequentItemLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_PercentageOfFairValueExceedingCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TaxAdjustmentsSettlementsAndUnusualProvisions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=us-gaap_EuropeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnusualOrInfrequentItemLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringSettlementAndImpairmentProvisions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=us-gaap_EuropeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnusualOrInfrequentItemLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnusualOrInfrequentItemInsuranceProceeds'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnusualOrInfrequentItemLossGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=us-gaap_EuropeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnusualOrInfrequentItemLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringSettlementAndImpairmentProvisions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentOwnershipPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=us-gaap_EuropeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnusualOrInfrequentItemLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringSettlementAndImpairmentProvisions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=tap_MciMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnusualOrInfrequentItemLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringReserveAcceleratedDepreciation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=tap_MciMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnusualOrInfrequentItemLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringSettlementAndImpairmentProvisions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentEquityMethodInvesteeNameAxis=tap_McSiHaiMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnusualOrInfrequentItemLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentRealizedGainLossOnDisposal'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_LegalandOtherFeesRelatedtoDisposalofJointVenture'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentEquityMethodInvesteeNameAxis=tap_HeinekenMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnusualOrInfrequentItemLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnContractTermination'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_ProceedsFromCollectionofTerminationFees'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis=tap_BurtonSouthMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnusualOrInfrequentItemLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringReserveAcceleratedDepreciation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis=tap_PlovdivMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnusualOrInfrequentItemLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessExitCosts1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringReserveAcceleratedDepreciation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis=tap_TorontoMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnusualOrInfrequentItemLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessExitCosts1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringReserveAcceleratedDepreciation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis=tap_VancouverMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnusualOrInfrequentItemLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessExitCosts1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringReserveAcceleratedDepreciation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis=us-gaap_EuropeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnusualOrInfrequentItemLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LossOnContractTermination'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis=us-gaap_EuropeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnusualOrInfrequentItemLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_ProceedsFromCollectionofTerminationFees'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis=tap_AltonBreweryMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnusualOrInfrequentItemLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessExitCosts1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringReserveAcceleratedDepreciation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_AgreementsandContractsTermsAxis=tap_DeconsolidationLiabilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnusualOrInfrequentItemLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentSoldCarryingAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_AgreementsandContractsTermsAxis=tap_ProceedsfromSaleMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnusualOrInfrequentItemLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_ScenarioForecastMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnusualOrInfrequentItemLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringReserveAcceleratedDepreciation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnSaleOfProperties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_ScenarioForecastMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnusualOrInfrequentItemLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringReserveAcceleratedDepreciation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveAxis=us-gaap_OtherRestructuringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnusualOrInfrequentItemLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedCostNumberOfPositionsEliminated'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveAxis=us-gaap_FacilityClosingMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnusualOrInfrequentItemLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedCostNumberOfPositionsEliminated'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringSettlementAndImpairmentProvisions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringReserveRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringReserve'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForRestructuring'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringReserveAccrualAdjustment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringReserveTranslationAndOtherAdjustment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringReserve'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=country_CA'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringReserveRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringReserve'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForRestructuring'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringReserveAccrualAdjustment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringReserveTranslationAndOtherAdjustment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringReserve'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=us-gaap_EuropeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringReserveRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringReserve'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForRestructuring'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringReserveAccrualAdjustment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringReserveTranslationAndOtherAdjustment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringReserve'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=tap_MciMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringReserveRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringReserve'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForRestructuring'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringReserveAccrualAdjustment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringReserveTranslationAndOtherAdjustment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringReserve'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=us-gaap_CorporateMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringReserveRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringReserve'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForRestructuring'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringReserveAccrualAdjustment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringReserveTranslationAndOtherAdjustment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringReserve'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis=country_CN'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringReserveRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedCostNumberOfPositionsEliminated'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonClassAMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_CapitalStockActivityRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesConversionOfConvertibleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonClassBMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_CapitalStockActivityRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesConversionOfConvertibleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=tap_ExchangeableStockClassMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_CapitalStockActivityRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesConversionOfConvertibleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=tap_ExchangeableStockClassBMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_CapitalStockActivityRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesConversionOfConvertibleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfStockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockRepurchasedDuringPeriodValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=tap_ClassBExchangeableSharesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfStockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_CommonStockVote'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=tap_ClassExchangeableSharesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfStockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_CommonStockVote'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_CommonStockConversionRatio'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=tap_ClassAandClassBCommonStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfStockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockRepurchaseProgramAuthorizedAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationsNetOfTaxAttributableToReportingEntity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DilutiveSecuritiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsPerBasicShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationsNetOfTaxPerBasicShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDilutedAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsPerDilutedShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationsNetOfTaxPerDilutedShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockDividendsPerShareDeclared'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareByAntidilutiveSecuritiesAxis=tap_RsuPuDsuMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DilutiveSecuritiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncrementalCommonSharesAttributableToShareBasedPaymentArrangements'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareByAntidilutiveSecuritiesAxis=tap_OptionsAndSosarsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DilutiveSecuritiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncrementalCommonSharesAttributableToShareBasedPaymentArrangements'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=tap_ConvertibleSeniorNotesDue2013575Million25Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=tap_ConvertibleSeniorUnsecuredNoteDue2013500Million00Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareByAntidilutiveSecuritiesAxis=us-gaap_StockCompensationPlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockRepurchasedDuringPeriodValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonClassBMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockSharesAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockRepurchasedDuringPeriodValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Depreciation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_LossAndBreakageExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringReserveAcceleratedDepreciation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_LandAndLandImprovementsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_BuildingAndBuildingImprovementsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_MachineryAndEquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_ContainersMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_FurnitureAndFixturesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_ComputerSoftwareIntangibleAssetMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=tap_NaturalResourcePropertiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_ConstructionInProgressMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillImpairmentLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillTranslationAndPurchaseAccountingAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAcquiredDuringPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=country_CA'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_PercentageOfFairValueExceedingCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillTranslationAndPurchaseAccountingAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAcquiredDuringPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=us-gaap_EuropeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_PercentageOfFairValueExceedingCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillTranslationAndPurchaseAccountingAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillWrittenOffRelatedToSaleOfBusinessUnit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=tap_MciMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillTranslationAndPurchaseAccountingAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAcquiredDuringPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_AcquiredIndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsGrossExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsNetExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillImpairmentLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_FiniteLivedAndIndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=tap_BrandsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_AcquiredIndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_PercentageOfFairValueExceedingCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_FiniteLivedAndIndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=tap_BrandsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_FiniteLivedAndIndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=tap_BrandsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_FiniteLivedAndIndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_DistributionRightsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_FiniteLivedAndIndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_DistributionRightsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_FiniteLivedAndIndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_DistributionRightsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_FiniteLivedAndIndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=tap_DistributionNetworksMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_AcquiredIndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_FiniteLivedAndIndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_OtherIntangibleAssetsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_AcquiredIndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_FiniteLivedAndIndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_OtherIntangibleAssetsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_FiniteLivedAndIndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_OtherIntangibleAssetsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_FiniteLivedAndIndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=tap_MolsonCoreBrandsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_AcquiredIndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_FiniteLivedAndIndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=tap_BrandsReclassifedAsFiniteLivedMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_FiniteLivedAndIndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=tap_BrandsReclassifedAsFiniteLivedMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=us-gaap_EuropeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_AcquiredIndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_PercentageOfFairValueExceedingCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=country_CA'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_AcquiredIndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_PercentageOfFairValueExceedingCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentEquityMethodInvesteeNameAxis=tap_ModeloMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_FiniteLivedAndIndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_EquityMethodInvestmentAdjustmentAmortizationOfDifferenceBetweenCarryingAmountAndUnderlyingEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_LicensingAgreementsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_AcquiredIndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOfIntangibleAssetsFinitelived'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis=us-gaap_EuropeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_AcquiredIndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOfIntangibleAssetsIndefinitelivedExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis=country_CA'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_AcquiredIndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOfIntangibleAssetsFinitelived'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis=country_CA'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_FiniteLivedAndIndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_SalesTaxAnnualCharge'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherCommitment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentUnamortizedDiscountPremiumNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BankOverdrafts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermBorrowings'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherShortTermBorrowings'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=tap_Cad900Million50NotesDue2015Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=tap_SeriesNotesDue2017Cad500Million395Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_SeniorNotesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_SeniorNotesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentCarryingAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_SeniorNotesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentCarryingAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_SeniorNotesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentCarryingAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_SeniorNotesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentCarryingAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_SeniorNotesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentCarryingAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_SeniorNotesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentCarryingAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_SeniorNotesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentCarryingAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_LineOfCreditMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_LeverageRatioFollowingAcquisition'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeCashReceivedOnHedge'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_invest_DerivativeNotionalAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherShortTermBorrowings'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfFinancingCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BankOverdrafts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Cash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_CashHeldinBankNetofBankOverdrafts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermBorrowings'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_LeverageRatioInFourthYearFollowingAcquisition'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=tap_ConvertibleSeniorNotesDue2013575Million25Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=tap_RevolvingMulticurrencyBankCreditFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_LineOfCreditFacilityTermOfFacility'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityRemainingBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=tap_LineOfCreditYenMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermBorrowings'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=tap_A300Million20NotesDue2017Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateEffectivePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=tap_A500Million35NotesDue2022Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateEffectivePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=tap_CAD500million2.75NotesDue2020Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=tap_CAD400million2.25NotesDue2018Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=tap_Cad900Million50NotesDue2015Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsLossRecognizedInOtherComprehensiveIncomeEffectivePortion'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=tap_SeriesNotesDue2017Cad500Million395Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsLossRecognizedInOtherComprehensiveIncomeEffectivePortion'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=tap_LineOfCreditGbpMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityInterestRateDescription'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=tap_LineOfCreditGBPOverdraftFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=tap_UncommittedMoneyMarketFacilityGBPMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=tap_LineOfCreditCadMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityInterestRateDescription'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=tap_OverdraftFacility900YENMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityInterestRateDescription'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=tap_OverdraftFacility500YENMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityInterestRateDescription'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_SeniorNotesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_UnderwritingFeesRelatedToLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_DiscountsToLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_DebtIssuanceCostsCapitalized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_SeniorNotesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeCashReceivedOnHedge'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesFairValueAdjustment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_invest_DerivativeNotionalAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_DebtInstrumentIncreaseDecreaseinEffectiveCostofBorrowing'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_SeniorNotesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeCashReceivedOnHedge'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesFairValueAdjustment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_DebtInstrumentIncreaseDecreaseinEffectiveCostofBorrowing'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_SeniorNotesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_DebtInstrumentIncreaseDecreaseinEffectiveCostofBorrowing'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_SeniorNotesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_DebtInstrumentIncreaseDecreaseinEffectiveCostofBorrowing'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_SeniorNotesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_DebtInstrumentIncreaseDecreaseinEffectiveCostofBorrowing'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_SeniorNotesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_DebtInstrumentIncreaseDecreaseinEffectiveCostofBorrowing'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=tap_CommercialPaperProgramMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis=tap_ForwardStartingInterestRateSwapMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_invest_DerivativeNotionalAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsLossRecognizedInOtherComprehensiveIncomeEffectivePortion'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityAxis=us-gaap_LetterOfCreditMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalAfterYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtLongtermAndShorttermCombinedAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestCostsIncurred'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestCostsCapitalized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsNotDesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentsGainLossNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=tap_ConvertibleSeniorNotesDue2013575Million25Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InformationByFinancialStatementLineItemAxis=tap_NoncashInterestExpenseAndAmortizationOfDebtDiscountMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherNoncashExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeByNatureAxis=tap_EquityConversionFeatureOfDebtMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsNotDesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentsGainLossNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=tap_StarbevLPMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationConsiderationTransferredLiabilitiesIncurred'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityCurrentBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfFinancingCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=tap_MillerCoorsAcquisitionBridgeLoanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityCommitmentFeeAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=tap_MillerCoorsAcquisitionTermLoanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfFinancingCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpenseByComponentAxis=tap_BridgeFacilityFeesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=tap_BridgeLoanThreeYearTrancheMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=tap_BridgeLoanThreeYearTrancheMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=tap_BridgeLoanFiveYearTrancheMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=tap_BridgeLoanFiveYearTrancheMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_NumberOfShareBasedCompensationPlans'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonClassBMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_EmployeeStockOptionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardTermOfAward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsAnnualVestingPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=tap_RsusMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=tap_DeferredStockUnitsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=tap_PusMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardPayoutValueLowEndOfRange'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardPayoutValueHighEndOfRange'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingIntrinsicValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=tap_PusMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=tap_PerformanceSharesPsusMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=tap_PerformanceSharesPsusMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=tap_PerformanceSharesPsusMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=tap_SosarsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardTermOfAward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PlanNameAxis=tap_IncentiveCompensationPlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementbySharebasedPaymentAwardExtensionPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationTaxBenefitFromCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpenseNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedPeriodForRecognition1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=tap_RsusAndDsusMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeitedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeituresWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriodTotalFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=tap_PusMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeitedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeituresWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriodTotalFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingIntrinsicValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=tap_PerformanceSharesPsusMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedIntrinsicValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeitedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeituresWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromStockPlans'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=tap_SosarsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=tap_OptionsAndSosarsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresAndExpirationsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresAndExpirationsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingIntrinsicValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingIntrinsicValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableIntrinsicValue1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableIntrinsicValue1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodTotalIntrinsicValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromStockPlans'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxExpenseFromStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=tap_OptionsSosarsRsusDsusPsusAndPuAwardsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=tap_PerformanceSharesPsusMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedDividendRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsWeightedAverageVolatilityRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=tap_PerformanceSharesPsusMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedDividendRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsWeightedAverageVolatilityRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_EmployeeStockOptionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansAdjustmentNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_EquityMethodInvestmentIncreaseDecreaseDueToReclassification'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentEquityMethodInvesteeNameAxis=tap_MillercoorsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentOwnershipPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_AccumulatedTranslationAdjustmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationGainLossBeforeReclassificationAndTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeUnrealizedGainLossOnDerivativesArisingDuringPeriodBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIOnDerivativesBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansAdjustmentBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansAdjustmentNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossOwnershipShareOfConsolidatedSubsidiariesBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_EquityMethodInvestmentIncreaseDecreaseDueToReclassification'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_AccumulatedNetGainLossFromDesignatedOrQualifyingCashFlowHedgesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationGainLossBeforeReclassificationAndTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeUnrealizedGainLossOnDerivativesArisingDuringPeriodBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIOnDerivativesBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansAdjustmentBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansAdjustmentNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossOwnershipShareOfConsolidatedSubsidiariesBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_EquityMethodInvestmentIncreaseDecreaseDueToReclassification'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_AccumulatedDefinedBenefitPlansAdjustmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationGainLossBeforeReclassificationAndTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeUnrealizedGainLossOnDerivativesArisingDuringPeriodBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIOnDerivativesBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansAdjustmentBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansAdjustmentNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossOwnershipShareOfConsolidatedSubsidiariesBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_EquityMethodInvestmentIncreaseDecreaseDueToReclassification'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationGainLossBeforeReclassificationAndTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeUnrealizedGainLossOnDerivativesArisingDuringPeriodBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIOnDerivativesBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansAdjustmentBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansAdjustmentNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossOwnershipShareOfConsolidatedSubsidiariesBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_EquityMethodInvestmentIncreaseDecreaseDueToReclassification'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationGainLossBeforeReclassificationAndTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeUnrealizedGainLossOnDerivativesArisingDuringPeriodBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIOnDerivativesBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansAdjustmentBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansAdjustmentNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossOwnershipShareOfConsolidatedSubsidiariesBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_EquityMethodInvestmentIncreaseDecreaseDueToReclassification'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReclassificationAdjustmentOutOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansForNetGainLossBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReclassificationOutOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeAxis=us-gaap_ReclassificationOutOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReclassificationAdjustmentOutOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAvailableToCommonStockholdersBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_AccumulatedNetGainLossFromDesignatedOrQualifyingCashFlowHedgesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReclassificationAdjustmentOutOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAvailableToCommonStockholdersBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_AccumulatedNetGainLossFromDesignatedOrQualifyingCashFlowHedgesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReclassificationAdjustmentOutOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_AccumulatedDefinedBenefitPlansAdjustmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReclassificationAdjustmentOutOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDefinedBenefitPlanNetPriorServiceCostCreditArisingDuringPeriodBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansForNetGainLossBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAvailableToCommonStockholdersBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeByNatureAxis=us-gaap_CommodityContractMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReclassificationAdjustmentOutOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeByNatureAxis=us-gaap_InterestRateSwapMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReclassificationAdjustmentOutOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestIncomeExpenseNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanServiceCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanInterestCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedReturnOnPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmortizationOfPriorServiceCostCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmortizationOfGainsLosses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanRecognizedNetGainLossDueToCurtailments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedParticipantAndNationalInsuranceContributions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanNetPeriodicBenefitCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresDefinedBenefitPlansAxis=us-gaap_PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanServiceCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanInterestCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedReturnOnPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmortizationOfPriorServiceCostCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmortizationOfGainsLosses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanRecognizedNetGainLossDueToCurtailments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedParticipantAndNationalInsuranceContributions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanNetPeriodicBenefitCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresDefinedBenefitPlansAxis=us-gaap_OtherPostretirementBenefitPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanServiceCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanInterestCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedReturnOnPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmortizationOfPriorServiceCostCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmortizationOfGainsLosses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanRecognizedNetGainLossDueToCurtailments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedParticipantAndNationalInsuranceContributions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanNetPeriodicBenefitCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanChangeInBenefitObligationRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_DefinedBenefitPlanChangeInBenefitObligationServiceCostNetOfExpectedEmployeeContribution'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_DefinedBenefitPlanChangeInBenefitObligationInterestCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanContributionsByPlanParticipants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanActuarialGainLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPlanAmendments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitsPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanCurtailments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanForeignCurrencyExchangeRateChangesBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanChangeInFairValueOfPlanAssetsRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanActualReturnOnPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanContributionsByEmployer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_DefinedBenefitPlanChangeInFairValueOfPlanAssetsContributionsByPlanParticipants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_DefinedBenefitPlanChangeInFairValueOfPlanAssetsBenefitsAndExpensesPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanForeignCurrencyExchangeRateChangesPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFundedStatusOfPlan'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmountsRecognizedInBalanceSheetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssetsForPlanBenefitsCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementDefinedBenefitPlansCurrentLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementDefinedBenefitPlansLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmountsRecognizedInBalanceSheet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFundedStatusOfPlanAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeBeforeTaxAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeNetGainsLossesBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeNetPriorServiceCostCreditBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=tap_AccumulatedBenefitObligationsInExcessOfPlanAssetsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmountsRecognizedInBalanceSheetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFundedStatusOfPlanAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=tap_ProjectedBenefitObligationInExcessOfPlanAssetsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanChangeInBenefitObligationRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFundedStatusOfPlanAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=tap_AccumulatedBenefitAndProjectedBenefitObligationsInExcessOfPlanAssetsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanChangeInFairValueOfPlanAssetsRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFundedStatusOfPlanAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresDefinedBenefitPlansAxis=us-gaap_PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanChangeInBenefitObligationRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_DefinedBenefitPlanChangeInBenefitObligationServiceCostNetOfExpectedEmployeeContribution'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_DefinedBenefitPlanChangeInBenefitObligationInterestCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanContributionsByPlanParticipants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanActuarialGainLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPlanAmendments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitsPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanCurtailments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanForeignCurrencyExchangeRateChangesBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanChangeInFairValueOfPlanAssetsRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanActualReturnOnPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanContributionsByEmployer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_DefinedBenefitPlanChangeInFairValueOfPlanAssetsContributionsByPlanParticipants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_DefinedBenefitPlanChangeInFairValueOfPlanAssetsBenefitsAndExpensesPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanForeignCurrencyExchangeRateChangesPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFundedStatusOfPlan'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmountsRecognizedInBalanceSheetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssetsForPlanBenefitsCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementDefinedBenefitPlansCurrentLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementDefinedBenefitPlansLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmountsRecognizedInBalanceSheet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_IncreaseDecreaseinDefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFundedStatusOfPlanAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeBeforeTaxAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeNetGainsLossesBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeNetPriorServiceCostCreditBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresDefinedBenefitPlansAxis=us-gaap_PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmountsRecognizedInBalanceSheetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFundedStatusOfPlanAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresDefinedBenefitPlansAxis=us-gaap_PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanChangeInBenefitObligationRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFundedStatusOfPlanAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresDefinedBenefitPlansAxis=us-gaap_PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanChangeInFairValueOfPlanAssetsRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFundedStatusOfPlanAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresDefinedBenefitPlansAxis=us-gaap_OtherPostretirementBenefitPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanChangeInBenefitObligationRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_DefinedBenefitPlanChangeInBenefitObligationServiceCostNetOfExpectedEmployeeContribution'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_DefinedBenefitPlanChangeInBenefitObligationInterestCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanContributionsByPlanParticipants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanActuarialGainLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPlanAmendments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitsPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanCurtailments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanForeignCurrencyExchangeRateChangesBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanChangeInFairValueOfPlanAssetsRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanActualReturnOnPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanContributionsByEmployer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_DefinedBenefitPlanChangeInFairValueOfPlanAssetsContributionsByPlanParticipants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_DefinedBenefitPlanChangeInFairValueOfPlanAssetsBenefitsAndExpensesPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanForeignCurrencyExchangeRateChangesPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFundedStatusOfPlan'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmountsRecognizedInBalanceSheetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssetsForPlanBenefitsCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementDefinedBenefitPlansCurrentLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementDefinedBenefitPlansLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmountsRecognizedInBalanceSheet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFundedStatusOfPlanAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeBeforeTaxAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeNetGainsLossesBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeNetPriorServiceCostCreditBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresDefinedBenefitPlansAxis=us-gaap_OtherPostretirementBenefitPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmountsRecognizedInBalanceSheetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFundedStatusOfPlanAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresDefinedBenefitPlansAxis=us-gaap_OtherPostretirementBenefitPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanChangeInBenefitObligationRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFundedStatusOfPlanAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresDefinedBenefitPlansAxis=us-gaap_OtherPostretirementBenefitPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanChangeInFairValueOfPlanAssetsRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFundedStatusOfPlanAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmountsRecognizedInOtherComprehensiveIncomeNetPriorServiceCostCreditBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansForNetGainLossBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansNetUnamortizedGainLossArisingDuringPeriodBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmountsRecognizedInOtherComprehensiveIncomeForeignCurrencyExchangeRateChangeBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresDefinedBenefitPlansAxis=us-gaap_PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmountsRecognizedInOtherComprehensiveIncomeNetPriorServiceCostCreditBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansForNetGainLossBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansNetUnamortizedGainLossArisingDuringPeriodBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmountsRecognizedInOtherComprehensiveIncomeForeignCurrencyExchangeRateChangeBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresDefinedBenefitPlansAxis=us-gaap_OtherPostretirementBenefitPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmountsRecognizedInOtherComprehensiveIncomeNetPriorServiceCostCreditBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansForNetGainLossBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansNetUnamortizedGainLossArisingDuringPeriodBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmountsRecognizedInOtherComprehensiveIncomeForeignCurrencyExchangeRateChangeBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFutureAmortizationOfPriorServiceCostCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFutureAmortizationOfGainLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresDefinedBenefitPlansAxis=us-gaap_PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFutureAmortizationOfPriorServiceCostCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFutureAmortizationOfGainLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresDefinedBenefitPlansAxis=us-gaap_OtherPostretirementBenefitPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFutureAmortizationOfPriorServiceCostCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFutureAmortizationOfGainLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanEffectOfOnePercentagePointChangeInAssumedHealthCareCostTrendRatesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanEffectOfOnePercentagePointIncreaseOnServiceAndInterestCostComponents'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanEffectOfOnePercentagePointDecreaseOnServiceAndInterestCostComponents1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanEffectOfOnePercentagePointIncreaseOnAccumulatedPostretirementBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanEffectOfOnePercentagePointDecreaseOnAccumulatedPostretirementBenefitObligation1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresDefinedBenefitPlansAxis=us-gaap_PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostDiscountRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostRateOfCompensationIncrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostExpectedLongTermReturnOnAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingBenefitObligationDiscountRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingBenefitObligationRateOfCompensationIncrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresDefinedBenefitPlansAxis=us-gaap_OtherPostretirementBenefitPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostDiscountRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingBenefitObligationDiscountRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresDefinedBenefitPlansAxis=us-gaap_OtherPostretirementBenefitPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanUltimateHealthCareCostTrendRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanYearThatRateReachesUltimateTrendRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresDefinedBenefitPlansAxis=us-gaap_OtherPostretirementBenefitPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanUltimateHealthCareCostTrendRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanYearThatRateReachesUltimateTrendRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=us-gaap_EquityFundsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanTargetPlanAssetAllocations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssetAllocations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=us-gaap_FixedIncomeFundsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanTargetPlanAssetAllocations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssetAllocations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=us-gaap_HedgeFundsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanTargetPlanAssetAllocations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssetAllocations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=us-gaap_RealEstateMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanTargetPlanAssetAllocations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssetAllocations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=us-gaap_OtherAssetsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanTargetPlanAssetAllocations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssetAllocations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByAssetClassAxis=tap_FairValueExcludingNAVPerSharePracticalExpedientMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel1Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel2Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel3Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel3Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=us-gaap_CashMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=us-gaap_CashMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=us-gaap_CashMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=us-gaap_CashMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=tap_TradesAwaitingSettlementMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=tap_TradesAwaitingSettlementMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=tap_TradesAwaitingSettlementMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=tap_TradesAwaitingSettlementMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=us-gaap_BankTimeDepositsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=us-gaap_BankTimeDepositsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=us-gaap_BankTimeDepositsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=us-gaap_BankTimeDepositsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=us-gaap_USTreasuryAndGovernmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=us-gaap_USTreasuryAndGovernmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=us-gaap_USTreasuryAndGovernmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=us-gaap_USTreasuryAndGovernmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=us-gaap_CorporateDebtSecuritiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=us-gaap_CorporateDebtSecuritiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=us-gaap_CorporateDebtSecuritiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=us-gaap_CorporateDebtSecuritiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=tap_InterestAndInflationLinkedAssetsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=tap_InterestAndInflationLinkedAssetsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=tap_InterestAndInflationLinkedAssetsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=tap_InterestAndInflationLinkedAssetsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=us-gaap_CollateralizedDebtObligationsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=us-gaap_CollateralizedDebtObligationsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=us-gaap_CollateralizedDebtObligationsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=us-gaap_CollateralizedDebtObligationsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=us-gaap_CommonStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=us-gaap_CommonStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=us-gaap_CommonStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=us-gaap_CommonStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=tap_DebtFundsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=us-gaap_EquityFundsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=us-gaap_RealEstateMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=us-gaap_HedgeFundsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=us-gaap_RepurchaseAgreementsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=us-gaap_RepurchaseAgreementsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=us-gaap_RepurchaseAgreementsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=us-gaap_RepurchaseAgreementsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=us-gaap_PrivateEquityFundsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=us-gaap_PrivateEquityFundsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=us-gaap_PrivateEquityFundsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=us-gaap_PrivateEquityFundsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=us-gaap_PrivateEquityFundsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=tap_RecoverableTaxesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=tap_RecoverableTaxesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=tap_RecoverableTaxesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=tap_RecoverableTaxesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=tap_VentureCapitalMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=tap_VentureCapitalMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=tap_VentureCapitalMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=tap_VentureCapitalMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueMeasurementWithUnobservableInputsReconciliationRealizedUnrealizedGainLossOnPlanAssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanForeignCurrencyExchangeRateChangesPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel3Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueMeasurementWithUnobservableInputsReconciliationRealizedUnrealizedGainLossOnPlanAssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_DefinedBenefitRealizedGainsLossesIncludedInEarnings'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_DefinedBenefitPlanUnrealizedGainsLossesIncludedInOtherComprehensiveIncome'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPurchasesSalesAndSettlements'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanTransfersBetweenMeasurementLevels'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanForeignCurrencyExchangeRateChangesPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresDefinedBenefitPlansAxis=us-gaap_PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_DefinedBenefitPlanEstimatedFutureEmployerContributionsInNextFiscalYearHighEndOfRange'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanEstimatedFutureBenefitPaymentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsFiveFiscalYearsThereafter'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresDefinedBenefitPlansAxis=us-gaap_OtherPostretirementBenefitPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_DefinedBenefitPlanEstimatedFutureEmployerContributionsInNextFiscalYearLowEndOfRange'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanEstimatedFutureBenefitPaymentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsFiveFiscalYearsThereafter'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanCostRecognized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanNameAxis=tap_CanadaDefinedContributionPlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_DefinedContributionPensionPlanPercentageOfEmployerContributionsLowEndOfRange'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_DefinedContributionPensionPlanPercentageOfEmployerContributionsHighEndOfRange'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanNameAxis=tap_UnitedStatesDefinedContributionPlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_DefinedContributionPensionPlanPercentageOfEmployerContributionsLowEndOfRange'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_DefinedContributionPensionPlanPercentageOfEmployerContributionsHighEndOfRange'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_DefinedContributionPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanNameAxis=tap_NonqualifiedDefinedContributionPlanUSMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_DefinedContributionPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanNameAxis=tap_NonqualifiedDefinedContributionPlanUSMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_DefinedContributionPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanNameAxis=tap_NonqualifiedDefinedContributionPlanUSMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_DefinedContributionPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanNameAxis=tap_NonqualifiedDefinedContributionPlanUSMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_DefinedContributionPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanNameAxis=tap_NonqualifiedDefinedContributionPlanUSMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_DefinedContributionPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanNameAxis=tap_NonqualifiedDefinedContributionPlanUSMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_DefinedContributionPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanNameAxis=tap_NonqualifiedDefinedContributionPlanUSMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_DefinedContributionPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfTradingSecuritiesAndOtherTradingAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_CumulativeFairValueAdjustmentAmortizedtointerestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeCashReceivedOnHedge'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_invest_DerivativeNotionalAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeByNatureAxis=us-gaap_InterestRateSwapMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfTradingSecuritiesAndOtherTradingAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_invest_DerivativeNotionalAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeByNatureAxis=us-gaap_ForeignExchangeForwardMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfTradingSecuritiesAndOtherTradingAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MaximumLengthOfTimeHedgedInCashFlowHedge1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeByNatureAxis=us-gaap_NaturalGasReservesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfTradingSecuritiesAndOtherTradingAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MaximumLengthOfTimeHedgedInCashFlowHedge1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeByNatureAxis=tap_AluminumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfTradingSecuritiesAndOtherTradingAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MaximumLengthOfTimeHedgedInCashFlowHedge1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeByNatureAxis=tap_CornMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfTradingSecuritiesAndOtherTradingAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MaximumLengthOfTimeHedgedInCashFlowHedge1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeByNatureAxis=us-gaap_ForwardContractsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfTradingSecuritiesAndOtherTradingAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeByNatureAxis=tap_DieselMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfTradingSecuritiesAndOtherTradingAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MaximumLengthOfTimeHedgedInCashFlowHedge1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossByHedgingRelationshipAxis=us-gaap_FairValueHedgingMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfTradingSecuritiesAndOtherTradingAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ChangeInUnrealizedGainLossOnHedgedItemInFairValueHedge1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossByHedgingRelationshipAxis=us-gaap_NetInvestmentHedgingMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfTradingSecuritiesAndOtherTradingAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossReclassifiedFromAccumulatedOCIIntoIncomeEffectivePortionNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossByHedgingRelationshipAxis=us-gaap_NetInvestmentHedgingMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfTradingSecuritiesAndOtherTradingAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_DerivativeLiabilityOutstandingAmountExstinguished'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossByHedgingRelationshipAxis=us-gaap_CashFlowHedgingMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfTradingSecuritiesAndOtherTradingAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossReclassifiedFromAccumulatedOCIIntoIncomeEffectivePortionNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_MaximumLengthOfTimeForecastedTransactionsAreHedgedInCashFlowHedge'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossByHedgingRelationshipAxis=us-gaap_CashFlowHedgingMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfTradingSecuritiesAndOtherTradingAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_invest_DerivativeNotionalAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeCostOfHedge'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_SeniorNotesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfTradingSecuritiesAndOtherTradingAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=tap_CAD400million2.25NotesDue2018Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfTradingSecuritiesAndOtherTradingAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=tap_CAD400million2.25NotesDue2018Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfTradingSecuritiesAndOtherTradingAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=tap_CAD500million2.75NotesDue2020Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfTradingSecuritiesAndOtherTradingAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=tap_CAD500million2.75NotesDue2020Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfTradingSecuritiesAndOtherTradingAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=tap_ConvertibleSeniorUnsecuredNoteDue2013500Million00Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfTradingSecuritiesAndOtherTradingAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationConsiderationTransferredLiabilitiesIncurred'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentConvertibleBeneficialConversionFeature'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=tap_A500Million35NotesDue2022Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfTradingSecuritiesAndOtherTradingAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeCashReceivedOnHedge'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesFairValueAdjustment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=tap_A300Million20NotesDue2017Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfTradingSecuritiesAndOtherTradingAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeCashReceivedOnHedge'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesFairValueAdjustment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_invest_DerivativeNotionalAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=tap_Cad900Million50NotesDue2015Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfTradingSecuritiesAndOtherTradingAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsLossRecognizedInOtherComprehensiveIncomeEffectivePortion'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=tap_Cad900Million50NotesDue2015Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfTradingSecuritiesAndOtherTradingAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationAxis=us-gaap_InterestExpenseMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfTradingSecuritiesAndOtherTradingAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ChangeInUnrealizedGainLossOnHedgedItemInFairValueHedge1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationAxis=us-gaap_InterestExpenseMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfTradingSecuritiesAndOtherTradingAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossReclassifiedFromAccumulatedOCIIntoIncomeEffectivePortionNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis=tap_ForwardStartingInterestRateSwapMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfTradingSecuritiesAndOtherTradingAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsLossRecognizedInOtherComprehensiveIncomeEffectivePortion'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_invest_DerivativeNotionalAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_DerivativesNotDesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentItemListAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_invest_DerivativeNotionalAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeByNatureAxis=us-gaap_InterestRateSwapMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_DerivativesNotDesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentItemListAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_invest_DerivativeNotionalAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_HedgingDesignationAxis=us-gaap_DesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_DerivativesDesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentItemListAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_HedgingDesignationAxis=us-gaap_DesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_DerivativesNotDesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentItemListAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_invest_DerivativeNotionalAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_HedgingDesignationAxis=us-gaap_DesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_DerivativesDesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentItemListAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_HedgingDesignationAxis=us-gaap_DesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_DerivativesDesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentItemListAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_HedgingDesignationAxis=us-gaap_DesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_DerivativesDesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentItemListAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_HedgingDesignationAxis=us-gaap_DesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_DerivativesNotDesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentItemListAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_invest_DerivativeNotionalAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_HedgingDesignationAxis=us-gaap_DesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_DerivativesDesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentItemListAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_HedgingDesignationAxis=us-gaap_DesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_DerivativesDesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentItemListAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_HedgingDesignationAxis=us-gaap_DesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_DerivativesDesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentItemListAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_HedgingDesignationAxis=us-gaap_DesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_DerivativesDesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentItemListAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_HedgingDesignationAxis=us-gaap_NondesignatedMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_DerivativesNotDesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentItemListAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsNotDesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentsAssetAtFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsNotDesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentsLiabilityAtFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_HedgingDesignationAxis=us-gaap_NondesignatedMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_DerivativesNotDesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentItemListAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_invest_DerivativeNotionalAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_HedgingDesignationAxis=us-gaap_NondesignatedMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_DerivativesNotDesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentItemListAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsNotDesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentsAssetAtFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_HedgingDesignationAxis=us-gaap_NondesignatedMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_DerivativesNotDesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentItemListAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsNotDesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentsLiabilityAtFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_HedgingDesignationAxis=us-gaap_NondesignatedMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_DerivativesNotDesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentItemListAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsNotDesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentsLiabilityAtFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_HedgingDesignationAxis=us-gaap_NondesignatedMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_DerivativesNotDesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentItemListAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsNotDesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentsAssetAtFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_HedgingDesignationAxis=us-gaap_NondesignatedMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_DerivativesNotDesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentItemListAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsNotDesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentsAssetAtFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossByHedgingRelationshipAxis=us-gaap_CashFlowHedgingMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_DerivativesNotDesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentItemListAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_invest_DerivativeNotionalAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossByHedgingRelationshipAxis=us-gaap_CashFlowHedgingMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_DerivativesNotDesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentItemListAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_invest_DerivativeNotionalAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainOnDerivativeInstrumentsPretax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossByHedgingRelationshipAxis=us-gaap_CashFlowHedgingMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossRecognizedInOtherComprehensiveIncomeEffectivePortionNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossReclassifiedFromAccumulatedOCIIntoIncomeEffectivePortionNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossRecognizedInIncomeIneffectivePortionAndAmountExcludedFromEffectivenessTestingNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossByHedgingRelationshipAxis=us-gaap_CashFlowHedgingMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossRecognizedInOtherComprehensiveIncomeEffectivePortionNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossReclassifiedFromAccumulatedOCIIntoIncomeEffectivePortionNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossRecognizedInIncomeIneffectivePortionAndAmountExcludedFromEffectivenessTestingNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossByHedgingRelationshipAxis=us-gaap_CashFlowHedgingMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossRecognizedInOtherComprehensiveIncomeEffectivePortionNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossReclassifiedFromAccumulatedOCIIntoIncomeEffectivePortionNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossRecognizedInIncomeIneffectivePortionAndAmountExcludedFromEffectivenessTestingNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossByHedgingRelationshipAxis=us-gaap_CashFlowHedgingMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossReclassifiedFromAccumulatedOCIIntoIncomeEffectivePortionNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossRecognizedInIncomeIneffectivePortionAndAmountExcludedFromEffectivenessTestingNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossByHedgingRelationshipAxis=us-gaap_CashFlowHedgingMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossRecognizedInOtherComprehensiveIncomeEffectivePortionNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossReclassifiedFromAccumulatedOCIIntoIncomeEffectivePortionNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossRecognizedInIncomeIneffectivePortionAndAmountExcludedFromEffectivenessTestingNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossByHedgingRelationshipAxis=us-gaap_NetInvestmentHedgingMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossRecognizedInOtherComprehensiveIncomeEffectivePortionNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossReclassifiedFromAccumulatedOCIIntoIncomeEffectivePortionNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossRecognizedInIncomeIneffectivePortionAndAmountExcludedFromEffectivenessTestingNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossByHedgingRelationshipAxis=us-gaap_NetInvestmentHedgingMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossRecognizedInOtherComprehensiveIncomeEffectivePortionNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossReclassifiedFromAccumulatedOCIIntoIncomeEffectivePortionNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossRecognizedInIncomeIneffectivePortionAndAmountExcludedFromEffectivenessTestingNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossByHedgingRelationshipAxis=us-gaap_NetInvestmentHedgingMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossRecognizedInOtherComprehensiveIncomeEffectivePortionNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossReclassifiedFromAccumulatedOCIIntoIncomeEffectivePortionNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossRecognizedInIncomeIneffectivePortionAndAmountExcludedFromEffectivenessTestingNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossByHedgingRelationshipAxis=us-gaap_FairValueHedgingMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainOnDerivativeInstrumentsPretax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossByHedgingRelationshipAxis=us-gaap_FairValueHedgingMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainOnDerivativeInstrumentsPretax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_GainLossOnDerivativeInstrumentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsNotDesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentsGainLossNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeByNatureAxis=us-gaap_CommodityContractMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_GainLossOnDerivativeInstrumentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsNotDesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentsGainLossNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeByNatureAxis=tap_EquityConversionFeatureOfDebtMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_GainLossOnDerivativeInstrumentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsNotDesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentsGainLossNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeByNatureAxis=tap_EquityConversionFeatureOfDebtMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_GainLossOnDerivativeInstrumentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsNotDesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentsGainLossNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeByNatureAxis=us-gaap_ForeignExchangeForwardMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_GainLossOnDerivativeInstrumentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsNotDesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentsGainLossNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeByNatureAxis=tap_ForeignCurrencySwapsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_GainLossOnDerivativeInstrumentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsNotDesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentsGainLossNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PayablesAndAccrualsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeRelatedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesAndExciseTaxPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPayableCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedMarketingCostsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_ContainerLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LettersOfCreditOutstandingAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_LettersOfCreditAmountOutstandingWithAutomaticRenewal'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_GuaranteeObligationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GuaranteeObligationsCurrentCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LossContingencyInformationAboutLitigationMattersAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_AccrualForLitigationOtherDisputesAndEnvironmentalLossContingencies'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LossContingencyRangeOfPossibleLossPortionNotAccrued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LossContingencyRangeOfPossibleLossMinimum'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LossContingencyRangeOfPossibleLossMaximum'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossRelatedToLitigationSettlement'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefitLitigationSettlement'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentEquityMethodInvesteeNameAxis=tap_ClubMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_GuaranteeObligationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_LetterOfCreditProvidedToEntity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=country_CA'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LossContingencyInformationAboutLitigationMattersAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOfIntangibleAssetsFinitelived'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LitigationCaseAxis=tap_DavidHughesand631992OntarioIncMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LossContingencyInformationAboutLitigationMattersAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LossContingencyDamagesSoughtValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LossContingenciesByNatureOfContingencyAxis=tap_EnvironmentalMattersLowryMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EnvironmentalExpenseAndLiabilitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EnvironmentalRemediationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_EnvironmentalRemediationThreshold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_InflationRateAssumption'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccrualForEnvironmentalLossContingenciesDiscountRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccrualForEnvironmentalLossContingencies'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccrualForEnvironmentalLossContingenciesGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LossContingenciesByNatureOfContingencyAxis=tap_GroundLeaseGuaranteeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_GuaranteeObligationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GuaranteeObligationsCurrentCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LossContingenciesByNatureOfContingencyAxis=us-gaap_IndemnificationGuaranteeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LossContingencyInformationAboutLitigationMattersAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LossContingencyAccrualAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LossContingenciesByNatureOfContingencyAxis=tap_KaiserPurchasedTaxCreditsIndemnityReserveMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_IndemnityObligationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LossContingencyAccrualCarryingValueCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LossContingencyAccrualCarryingValueNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LossContingencyInformationAboutLitigationMattersAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LossContingencyAccrualAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LossContingenciesByNatureOfContingencyAxis=tap_KaiserPurchasedTaxCreditsIndemnityReserveCategoryTwoMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LossContingencyInformationAboutLitigationMattersAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LossContingencyRangeOfPossibleLossMaximum'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LossContingenciesByNatureOfContingencyAxis=tap_KaiserTaxCivilAndLaborIndemnityReserveMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_IndemnityObligationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LossContingencyAccrualCarryingValueNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SaleOfStockPercentageOfOwnershipBeforeTransaction'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LossContingencyInformationAboutLitigationMattersAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LossContingencyRangeOfPossibleLossMaximum'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationAxis=us-gaap_OtherExpenseMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EnvironmentalExpenseAndLiabilitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EnvironmentalRemediationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EnvironmentalCostsRecognizedRecoveryCreditedToExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LossContingenciesByNatureOfContingencyAxis=tap_KaiserPurchasedTaxCreditsIndemnityReserveMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LossContingencyAccrualRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LossContingencyAccrualAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LossContingenciesByNatureOfContingencyAxis=us-gaap_IndemnificationGuaranteeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LossContingencyAccrualRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LossContingencyAccrualAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_LossContingencyAccrualCarryingValueChangesInEstimate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_LossContingencyAccrualCarryingValueForeignExchangeImpact'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LossContingencyAccrualAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationOtherAdjustment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationsNetOfTaxAttributableToReportingEntity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationBalanceOnFirstAnniversary'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationBalanceOnSecondAnniversary'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationBalanceOnThirdAnniversary'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationBalanceOnFourthAnniversary'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationBalanceOnFifthAnniversary'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationDueAfterFiveYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationBalanceSheetAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationPurchases'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_AdvertisingAndPromotionsFutureCommitmentsDueAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_AdvertisingAndPromotionsFutureCommitmentsDueCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_AdvertisingAndPromotionsFutureCommitmentsDueInTwoYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_AdvertisingAndPromotionsFutureCommitmentsDueInThreeYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_AdvertisingAndPromotionsFutureCommitmentsDueInFourYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_AdvertisingAndPromotionsFutureCommitmentsDueInFiveYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_AdvertisingAndPromotionsFutureCommitmentsDueThereafter'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_AdvertisingAndPromotionsFutureCommitmentsDue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvertisingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInTwoYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInThreeYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFourYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFiveYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueThereafter'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeaseAndRentalExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_SeniorNotesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=tap_A11Billion50NotesDue2042Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=tap_A500Million35NotesDue2022Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=tap_A300Million20NotesDue2017Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=tap_Cad900Million50NotesDue2015Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=tap_Cad900Million50NotesDue2015Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=tap_Issuer2005AndIssuer2010Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=tap_Issuer2005AndIssuer2010Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=tap_Issuer2005AndIssuer2010Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ExciseAndSalesTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_SalesRevenueGoodsNetExcludingExciseAndSalesTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringSettlementAndImpairmentProvisions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_IncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestmentsConsolidating'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_EquityIncomeLossInEquityMethodInvestment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestIncomeExpenseNonoperatingNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationsNetOfTaxAttributableToReportingEntity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProfitLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=us-gaap_ParentCompanyMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ExciseAndSalesTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_SalesRevenueGoodsNetExcludingExciseAndSalesTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringSettlementAndImpairmentProvisions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_IncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestmentsConsolidating'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_EquityIncomeLossInEquityMethodInvestment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestIncomeExpenseNonoperatingNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationsNetOfTaxAttributableToReportingEntity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProfitLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=us-gaap_GuarantorSubsidiariesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ExciseAndSalesTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_SalesRevenueGoodsNetExcludingExciseAndSalesTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringSettlementAndImpairmentProvisions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_IncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestmentsConsolidating'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_EquityIncomeLossInEquityMethodInvestment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestIncomeExpenseNonoperatingNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationsNetOfTaxAttributableToReportingEntity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProfitLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=us-gaap_NonGuarantorSubsidiariesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ExciseAndSalesTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_SalesRevenueGoodsNetExcludingExciseAndSalesTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringSettlementAndImpairmentProvisions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_IncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestmentsConsolidating'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_EquityIncomeLossInEquityMethodInvestment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestIncomeExpenseNonoperatingNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationsNetOfTaxAttributableToReportingEntity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProfitLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=us-gaap_ConsolidationEliminationsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ExciseAndSalesTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_SalesRevenueGoodsNetExcludingExciseAndSalesTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringSettlementAndImpairmentProvisions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_IncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestmentsConsolidating'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_EquityIncomeLossInEquityMethodInvestment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestIncomeExpenseNonoperatingNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationsNetOfTaxAttributableToReportingEntity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProfitLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsAndOtherReceivablesNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherReceivables'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_MaintenanceAndOperatingSuppliesNetCurrentandOtherCurrentAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsNetExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_InvestmentInEquityMethodInvestment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentsInAffiliatesSubsidiariesAssociatesAndJointVentures'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNetNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_OtherAssetsAndNotesAndLoansReceivableNetNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableAndOtherAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementDefinedBenefitPlansLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_OtherLiabilitiesIncludingLiabilitiesOnStatementOfFinancialPosition'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesPayableRelatedPartiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Liabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesReceivableRelatedPartiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_StockholdersEquityAfterIntercompanyNotesReceivables'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MinorityInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=us-gaap_ParentCompanyMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsAndOtherReceivablesNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherReceivables'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_MaintenanceAndOperatingSuppliesNetCurrentandOtherCurrentAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsNetExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_InvestmentInEquityMethodInvestment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentsInAffiliatesSubsidiariesAssociatesAndJointVentures'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNetNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_OtherAssetsAndNotesAndLoansReceivableNetNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableAndOtherAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementDefinedBenefitPlansLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_OtherLiabilitiesIncludingLiabilitiesOnStatementOfFinancialPosition'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesPayableRelatedPartiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Liabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesReceivableRelatedPartiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_StockholdersEquityAfterIntercompanyNotesReceivables'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MinorityInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=us-gaap_GuarantorSubsidiariesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsAndOtherReceivablesNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherReceivables'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_MaintenanceAndOperatingSuppliesNetCurrentandOtherCurrentAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsNetExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_InvestmentInEquityMethodInvestment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentsInAffiliatesSubsidiariesAssociatesAndJointVentures'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNetNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_OtherAssetsAndNotesAndLoansReceivableNetNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableAndOtherAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementDefinedBenefitPlansLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_OtherLiabilitiesIncludingLiabilitiesOnStatementOfFinancialPosition'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesPayableRelatedPartiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Liabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesReceivableRelatedPartiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_StockholdersEquityAfterIntercompanyNotesReceivables'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MinorityInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=us-gaap_NonGuarantorSubsidiariesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsAndOtherReceivablesNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherReceivables'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_MaintenanceAndOperatingSuppliesNetCurrentandOtherCurrentAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsNetExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_InvestmentInEquityMethodInvestment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentsInAffiliatesSubsidiariesAssociatesAndJointVentures'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNetNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_OtherAssetsAndNotesAndLoansReceivableNetNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableAndOtherAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementDefinedBenefitPlansLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_OtherLiabilitiesIncludingLiabilitiesOnStatementOfFinancialPosition'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesPayableRelatedPartiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Liabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesReceivableRelatedPartiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_StockholdersEquityAfterIntercompanyNotesReceivables'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MinorityInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=us-gaap_ConsolidationEliminationsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsAndOtherReceivablesNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherReceivables'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_MaintenanceAndOperatingSuppliesNetCurrentandOtherCurrentAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsNetExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_InvestmentInEquityMethodInvestment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentsInAffiliatesSubsidiariesAssociatesAndJointVentures'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNetNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_OtherAssetsAndNotesAndLoansReceivableNetNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableAndOtherAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementDefinedBenefitPlansLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_OtherLiabilitiesIncludingLiabilitiesOnStatementOfFinancialPosition'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesPayableRelatedPartiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Liabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesReceivableRelatedPartiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_StockholdersEquityAfterIntercompanyNotesReceivables'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MinorityInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementOfCashFlowsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireProductiveAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfOtherProductiveAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireBusinessesNetOfCashAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_ProceedsFromSalesOfBusinessesAndOtherAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_PaymentsToInvestInEquityMethodInvestment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_ReturnOfCapitalFromSubsidiary'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_PaymentsForProceedsFromIntercompanyInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForProceedsFromOtherInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromStockPlans'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ExcessTaxBenefitFromShareBasedCompensationFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfDividends'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_PaymentsForRepurchaseOfTreasuryStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromRepaymentsOfLongTermDebtAndCapitalSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromShortTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfOtherLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfDebtIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForProceedsFromDerivativeInstrumentFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_ProceedsFromRepaymentsOfRevolvingCreditFacilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_ChangesInShortTermBorrowingsAndOverdraftBalances'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_PaymentsForProceedsFromIntercompanyFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValueAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecreaseExcludingExchangeRateEffect'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectOfExchangeRateOnCashAndCashEquivalents'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=us-gaap_ParentCompanyMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementOfCashFlowsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireProductiveAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfOtherProductiveAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireBusinessesNetOfCashAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_ProceedsFromSalesOfBusinessesAndOtherAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_PaymentsToInvestInEquityMethodInvestment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_ReturnOfCapitalFromSubsidiary'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_PaymentsForProceedsFromIntercompanyInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForProceedsFromOtherInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromStockPlans'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ExcessTaxBenefitFromShareBasedCompensationFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfDividends'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_PaymentsForRepurchaseOfTreasuryStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromRepaymentsOfLongTermDebtAndCapitalSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromShortTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfOtherLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfDebtIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForProceedsFromDerivativeInstrumentFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_ProceedsFromRepaymentsOfRevolvingCreditFacilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_ChangesInShortTermBorrowingsAndOverdraftBalances'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_PaymentsForProceedsFromIntercompanyFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValueAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecreaseExcludingExchangeRateEffect'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectOfExchangeRateOnCashAndCashEquivalents'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=us-gaap_GuarantorSubsidiariesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementOfCashFlowsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireProductiveAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfOtherProductiveAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireBusinessesNetOfCashAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_ProceedsFromSalesOfBusinessesAndOtherAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_PaymentsToInvestInEquityMethodInvestment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_ReturnOfCapitalFromSubsidiary'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_PaymentsForProceedsFromIntercompanyInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForProceedsFromOtherInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromStockPlans'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ExcessTaxBenefitFromShareBasedCompensationFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfDividends'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_PaymentsForRepurchaseOfTreasuryStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromRepaymentsOfLongTermDebtAndCapitalSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromShortTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfOtherLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfDebtIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForProceedsFromDerivativeInstrumentFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_ProceedsFromRepaymentsOfRevolvingCreditFacilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_ChangesInShortTermBorrowingsAndOverdraftBalances'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_PaymentsForProceedsFromIntercompanyFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValueAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecreaseExcludingExchangeRateEffect'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectOfExchangeRateOnCashAndCashEquivalents'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=us-gaap_NonGuarantorSubsidiariesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementOfCashFlowsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireProductiveAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfOtherProductiveAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireBusinessesNetOfCashAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_ProceedsFromSalesOfBusinessesAndOtherAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_PaymentsToInvestInEquityMethodInvestment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_ReturnOfCapitalFromSubsidiary'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_PaymentsForProceedsFromIntercompanyInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForProceedsFromOtherInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromStockPlans'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ExcessTaxBenefitFromShareBasedCompensationFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfDividends'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_PaymentsForRepurchaseOfTreasuryStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromRepaymentsOfLongTermDebtAndCapitalSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromShortTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfOtherLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfDebtIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForProceedsFromDerivativeInstrumentFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_ProceedsFromRepaymentsOfRevolvingCreditFacilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_ChangesInShortTermBorrowingsAndOverdraftBalances'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_PaymentsForProceedsFromIntercompanyFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValueAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecreaseExcludingExchangeRateEffect'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectOfExchangeRateOnCashAndCashEquivalents'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=us-gaap_ConsolidationEliminationsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementOfCashFlowsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireProductiveAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfOtherProductiveAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireBusinessesNetOfCashAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_ProceedsFromSalesOfBusinessesAndOtherAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_PaymentsToInvestInEquityMethodInvestment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_ReturnOfCapitalFromSubsidiary'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_PaymentsForProceedsFromIntercompanyInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForProceedsFromOtherInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromStockPlans'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ExcessTaxBenefitFromShareBasedCompensationFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfDividends'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_PaymentsForRepurchaseOfTreasuryStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromRepaymentsOfLongTermDebtAndCapitalSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromShortTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfOtherLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfDebtIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForProceedsFromDerivativeInstrumentFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_ProceedsFromRepaymentsOfRevolvingCreditFacilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_ChangesInShortTermBorrowingsAndOverdraftBalances'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_PaymentsForProceedsFromIntercompanyFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValueAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecreaseExcludingExchangeRateEffect'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectOfExchangeRateOnCashAndCashEquivalents'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ExciseAndSalesTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_SalesRevenueGoodsNetExcludingExciseAndSalesTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationsNetOfTaxAttributableToReportingEntity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsPerBasicShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationsNetOfTaxPerBasicShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDilutedAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsPerDilutedShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationsNetOfTaxPerDilutedShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationConsiderationTransferred1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityCurrentBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_invest_DerivativeNotionalAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=tap_MillerCoorsAcquisitionTermLoanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis=us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityCurrentBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis=us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis=us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_invest_DerivativeNotionalAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesTypeAxis=us-gaap_AllowanceForTradeReceivablesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MovementInValuationAllowancesAndReservesRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesChargedToCostAndExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesDeductions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesForeignExchangeImpact'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesTypeAxis=tap_AllowanceForCurrentTradeLoansMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MovementInValuationAllowancesAndReservesRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesChargedToCostAndExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesDeductions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesForeignExchangeImpact'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesTypeAxis=tap_AllowanceForLongTermTradeLoansMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MovementInValuationAllowancesAndReservesRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesChargedToCostAndExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesDeductions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesForeignExchangeImpact'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesTypeAxis=tap_AllowanceForObsoleteSuppliesandInventoryMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MovementInValuationAllowancesAndReservesRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesChargedToCostAndExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesDeductions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesForeignExchangeImpact'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesTypeAxis=us-gaap_ValuationAllowanceOfDeferredTaxAssetsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MovementInValuationAllowancesAndReservesRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesChargedToCostAndExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesDeductions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesForeignExchangeImpact'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'






M5J'(&E-DC2FRQA198XJL
476F)K3)$UIL@:4V2-*;(F%%D3BJP)1=:$(FM
MD36AR)I09$THLB8461.*KE%UI0B:TJ1-:7(FE)D32FRIA194XJL*476E)K
M1I$UH\B:463-*+)F%%DSBJP91=:
(FM&D36CR)I39
TILN8467.*K#E%UIPB
M:TZ1-:?(FE-DS2FR%A19XJL!476@B)K09&UH,A:4&0M*+(6%%D+BJPE1=:2
M(FM)D;6DR%I29TILI8464N*K5%UI(B:T61M:+(6E%DK2BR5A19*XJL%476
MBB)K19&UHL@JBD*K*(JMHBBXBJ+H*HKJRB*KZ(HP(JBN*0JPHC+&@.!;&
M6$X@BY/(XD2R.)DL3BB+D\KBQ+(PN2S!!+
$D\P23#1+

MN\N?4$L#!!0    ( -6!2TA(=07NQ0   L   +    7W)E;'
O+G)E;'.M
MDLMNPD 


M
;X[)9J4@B

M



MLD_G&YQ??CL-_W/[X_/S;CU\/JZ_[X?#_(\5W9\;K+KE07YYD$

MFP#;&+%-D&V


WD7H71B]J][,GI7H7=E]*Y[\KH

M=YS*=QS4[S@5\#A(=!E@8@6F3# AT66$2568
L.D.DP98E(EIDPQJ193QIA4
MC2ES3*K'E$$F563*)!-J
3/K1 2B_)I
P0( TS

@;3-
M\U;K


MCB#.M;#/W59A4V[R-E'
4^CC6-T%3PT45J^-WJ:OLC67S\WBTYV0O\V/]5P-





M..1:XI(

\8J/#' !XL/74W



ZS:
M+EAZ


3=*6:F.%1%?2'SO

M%X$P0Q\&PDS580 /
F5M^8;I0RJ6KE95




?







!J
M9S]6:\?1TDB @LE]E 6Z2?:CTQ4(
@T[.IU8SG9\]L3MGXS*VG0T;1K@X_%X


M0-
@ %AP=M;

M#@ WQ-%
4'RO0;:*X

A
_)V&F&I0' *D3&6H8;XM



^8


=4
MKY




[82

M
N10[I*0!A
!S93)1/ @F2F'(8^@N]\@RY*17.K3XY?T4L@X9.7M(E$A2*


6_0T7X\48JVFL:W&VC$


$


K9 C-4]D2!

_3FZB\/;G8M1_;@1,('.-]%L/^\ P&SX?VVK&]7?P




0SKY_GA


K;BN6(KEQ'Z=#Q=V
M.NJJ
E-S=%;:L+O2.KRAXZY*.SWOJC)3
W95VJBS7S53N796VN WI05U?;11



MA[W8@^W8B4
M6P5)&*@PIED9Z^%K1#5V%:./V!F?_U*3HW2:.!&XB=Z(DL
M/]V2U?FC.7DR]?=[8[Z+'V51-2?UZ6#3MMN3X^
FVZA2-O\U6U79]]:F+F5K


MSSM=N(




MKVIK:D=^0*T+SAL?%4]VO3P]AM#(BUC[:+=J-H*GYE2[4+@ATU?C4(&^AHR
MPNY;K^0/;(5RAHR=RZW*MS$5:M*TF44
F2
7+8F^[XQ16Z3UW_$_/^=#5EL











MSRN\6T2AXBFC^

4*IZ^]_C);-CL:;@IC;9//OI ^CK?( IMGW )G4.YIU([M5L:HM#V


69U@MF:#M


M@9&23

P%7H/'1@1&RC4!MYCQPL8$1JHXP2?M#X.4P$@A)VS




MVY.??[STY[]02P
$%     @ U8%+2%C)R
B0-O]#];T=9,Z6:[^2AY6S3D^HJ@#!
@IJ5C5_D?=]S6^3BJ*JR

MD![QI^0GB=Z];OO0KQUC5^;I1]V8^ 57ZLN!-./#[[B5=5%TLKO8]+9D?$

M^DSQO9I]#L^RZ9^GX9^8C+1Y HP$F @0?4N@(X%.!/(](1H)T860]%
SI-)/
MQ!-3K


.B YS BN
H'.()XR(K@^!GH= AQPIHL?7Z=&9/C0?(D1/S/$-

6%P7BV!&-'360&,R*X+))9 @I?06N5D4!@@S;!,41PYS-/4EE@%3*;
MAP&!ZQ*I)9%B/IV5

 YEA%!;!;L88%[%P% '%=OK!%L9HGD5






\)UP](\K7NE.A.H6[-ZDYA.ZI/
MUYB5C3&IZ4HSC4B.L-ZNOY8L(J)Y


MD-2T)#0MPSNMA#;CL/T

MRS$62Z\H2RH;VI7A779FEIV*8V= *8=H1!F?I4-2@Y30( U9$^;'.*E00J=T


MOZVCWRG.



8^55'P[]H%U8WIF5



MX_Y[



M^LO%

M==U[4BO_T4YO:_:&\/WB_=L0KL)_*P5;\?IWM94'11OYWI;MRE
M7_GY.]
Q

;8&V KP8H_=(@U@;QS2#Y

MX2@.\'W:S*+-(UVTF8P)7&0
M.FFAZ '%Z40Q0!E.HCFUD%O$.21VIJ7((3$-B)
8BG :.&-?0U&2@IV:Q$61
MQ=M?
=19K876:*)$9=QY&JQ
'3$.! 




M-EUGKVWT
_2R[?=4*[XU+U3<.3=Z.<\D47Q0H

<E
M]7)(/AQ2NGIMVA_=8UWWBY_[W:&[7C[V_=/GU:J[?:SW55<T3_5A^,M]T^ZK
M?KAL'U;=4UM7=\=^]T*E/*K?;4]+&^NCK]];6^NFN=^MSW47]M%][S?5^U_

M6[]VZ/MB-/^]:7Z



*K$[.CNWZ




UBD=59H.-XT
MYEL4A\-:8W3I
A:)GC*DIZ#(()2VW ]F7 39CR5^BO.1J*C.FH.2XUYF64
1@%.O@S%AC-P:PQF:-
9DV@
M&X-)C22L QUU3B(!G

XH &


Q


Z

GS%#-3
M7GB(1'N;Q0S.58C$C QZ(
 


$

MWFSN5:UC%5#\UJ=XJ1.0M9


MRZBWF)?C[C



.3S'*V6H!5DM%I,S4]VZ(]$OQ'=N!YF9 V6\]42OH)X
MS+FV!);*R@RCJN!-SO)C.50M@2K(9S 6XQ)4(JFB*LA).V'JB50!3D=MX'$
M9VAYPA#1A95Z%F.54M@'+&8

1LS[1F1)V@BGH

4-#D/D!SO
M%O?A;N&
/+A1(;%O?/+2-4\S[.\SN@BK_


M

\Q2L9^53D=59



M/Z8HAL.;RE55C9F&F?\L2?_/.0::YZ?L7Z?E#OB/1:=R7?TNM_U^H U7WE;M




)


@*DYJ+]C


;#%0F:5Y;2
!N(8

M%/9:
=TGHEJH40T#/8H!DQ*VJV; 0/)G6J%TI$=R\A@N' I*3=NA?191A2
M1

GTXO20ZOZG:_ -02P,$%     @ U8%+2(O9
M <$.!P  '2<  !@   !X;]W;W)K<VAE971S+W-H965T-BYX;6R-FDMOVS@4
MA?^*X7UE\4T%28#:PF!F
3X7VNY7,<[O:5]O#\O[V]-F7X_UM\];MMH?ZRW'1ONWWU?&_
M=;UKWN^68CE_\'7[_-(-'ZSN;U?G<H_;?7UHM\UA<:R?[I:?Q4UIS Y*?[9
MUN]M\'HQF/_6--^'-W\]WBWSP4.]JQ^ZH8JJ__.SWM2[W5!3_^0?4Z6_GSD4



^&6$S=MALB
X*

M$OPH*K&J?DPGK'!4=/(!;9QUI-H?%+..PXEPO#+8(FJA#5#4 H)#7X+WJ^&
MEHDX!I'/1 $_?)-#&9



M-






#:IL!&&@2MI4

MN4L?.=]?H-(7A^53?X'*^Y0.TY1@&H\0^7



I33D
U!9@&@!7LL%QK

M097(^Y0K83DQ9X+.WYX#08N$SC.48@8H5O 4
W@09_+(D@0ZJ2(Y3TFJ2SF2
M


M2P

9Z X0)

@?0




V5?(8TOH]'BA-Q:--*B@19.:M%V
M34.Z\&L-KAV9:(

MDN*$W%I8B







M$A&2JY*4E?Y]^9 4N0B:B[B[FIF=Y:


_

$%     @ U8%+2-HY
M39JC 0  L0

M^%*

^R
/5L:30;NTI4MUN9UW



5.V
M(+FYP1Z4^U.CEMRZ5#?
]!IX%4A2L#1);IGDG:)%'FHONLAQL*)3\**)&:3D


BS3;Y.SL
MA29,I!S7F N.?4O6Z3TFIZN6_R;GLWT+#K

M^Z



M



MUUGSO:4G;N-%_3%
Z]R?N8$'%'_ZVG;.;$))#0T?A7W&Z0?
(^R]8(7A^I
M1F-1+A1*)'^+:Z_.L4_V=U,^YR0SH1T)7Q+@O'8*-C\SBTOXT3




^


3


QPSIDSOI03FA?; SCRJJ2V1]H[-QP8LW4/




M/O_3A&WV5('IXM6QI
91N[2E:W6]G0]Y/)












M

89WCGRQ=:)\3LH60



MP9E(KJXIZ=W[V1()K?7AK8MUO%(QL3BN#V1[I=4;4$L#!!0    ( -6!2T@R

M



1;  FE]0K


S_W9;?8.


2ALW%+E^IR.^_2

D$FKKPQL7ZWBE8F*Q

M:&5E='


YQSYHPOQ83ZV70 EKPJV9LC[:P=#HR9J@/%


M)E).6TRZ(IA3_[!%1J_IV;;%Y_3=0M]%A[LKA]\^%\@7@3P*Y/\;
6).5YA]




M-$F^

S2
GUWR
M1P3 [PY&LXJ)]WY?/')0W6@B;<  DKK%;A;SG '0G@A
MU_AUTKRT]
1U/*O?AVF=^Q


KIN\34]

:3$0=FXI4MUN9VW





H!37

MOOKDJ3K0Q%L :7UMPM9[@#*;V0:_PV:7ZT]
1U/*L_A&F=^Q


M#J1NN*


MQG\FS8^6GKB.9_6?85KG_LP-W*/\+2K;.K





2YX;6R-4\MNVS 0_!6'Q#*LN.VABP@3ETAP)!
=3TS+;&^!U)G)\BS;
\6%IF41:X^F+'!P4FAX-
0.
;,9)34T?)#N<=O
(UP&P0KE#9^2358AVJF4*+X2UJ%CNN8_NR_3+3W


MIVO


MX9PS9WPI)S0OM@=PY%5);4^T=VXX



\X?8-YA$
0K%':

M*B4.A^6!K*^T^@M02P
$%     @ U8%+2%
-6 .C 0  L0

M00[MF996$A&2JY*4E?Y]^9 4N0B:B[B[FIF=Y:




M3

$%     @
MU8%+2
?Y(:ZD 0  L0


+\6$^L5T ):\*=F;(^VL'0Z


M*;V0:_PZ:[ZW]

M=VXX

MW


MD
^T]PGY3



$%

%;_&:9U[L_<P /*-U'9UIE-**F@YH.T+SC^@FF$
M6R]8HC3A2\K!6%0SA1+%/^(JNK.\4^VFVA?$]*)DZ$NR08CXVS1_<\B+7





M5E7[L%+5A]UG!P:P:C/4-J'[]^L+4+JJMB]X9CCGS!E?\A'UJVD!+'E7LC-'







)%R6F

MAIS1NI






M;B




MXSJE/\5







M&M_

M?M0P7U3)AR
Z8\:0U13#KHC$LGLE(
;A
)6X'YY=PK

[+Y(241*1%!X13F
MO\R)R)S1##WBF#

MJ^;^[2!0EN8!.D!U %'

M?J@#L&E[9^S&^6!02+U1$V %HKA1;\@&B@#;9=0'6(ET

M.M0/ +4Z
+\.!@74&U _ -3JX*\W @JH-Z!^ 


P$/T5BP^H90

L:0*%/


]K[)]L9DZPGL5DU\3'K?9'=CLO
$]JLF/N8;
MORN]



C#]*L9?
+606L%2
.6^J!R4%GRF!(B33[_2SJVC/WD(

MBQYSW&*RVR;IA4FZ$;B_:K+%/-PVR2Y
LHW XU63#28-+TSP:CHXR
9= H5*
M

MBD7*IJJ:ATA1'MIG+PQ@Q6:H;9;T[^
+L&P5*2]X9CCGS!E?B@GUF^D +'E7



MPSK%/WDVTSXGI#



KOR&'@+
MSURWHC?DC-:=;#B&!M&
R/I*RP]0
M2P

M?7T)+$9(V1=LC\]E1F8F'[AXES6 0A^
MO(8U$IU!XQE60
C+2$Y=A,J<GN\<Z2B0.H'4*S'S2W28DX_9/#;)%B:9


M965T

MI']?7Q8T4KI_:
SSES1F-3C*A?30=@R9L4RAR3SMK^0*FI.I#
W&$/RITT


M*?'V\[Z!T+.O-J+D$9CHIH:([)X^9PVGE$ /SB
)K%GGCO9\17'_RHCTGJ



9L9



M6R[P%)Z(=?XWZSYT=(3M_&B_C-,Z]R?N8%'E']%;3MG-J&DAH:/TK[@] OF
M$6Z]8(72A^I1F-1+11*%'^+J^C#.L4_63+3OB:D

F4DY;S&Y%
*?^98N4


P$/T5RQ]0$W+K

M:^C6N3]3 \^*_V6E;9S9!*


F-

M.SV!IS0

&G95UUR?


X+GAM;(53RVZD

M5HIRR)X]T#P4VTUL


F







MG;V0C,F4HY;3+HBF%/_LD5&+^G9AIY]3]\M]%UTN-O2\Y_?^2+0!X%\HL1



M;6R-5


M!9Z!

MV KF@BGW1'FOM. 3!2-./_W:M&X=_)M=.-)N$\*1$

7\P?5-$NE

]\@FC)3W^#X'M)+#U MM5B]MUBQYS6F/B^R;QE4F\$DANFJPQ
MN_LFR95)LA+8WS198QZO3

*W6YD\P'QB4VFYW9B_]Y? '+;KIJL__F^P+

M:&5E=#0P+GAM;(U4RVZC

MM']?/X!%FSP?;EO*ZX)A^%?%
M@$8?G'7J$+1:]WN
5=D)^I.]-9-[60

AB(*Y
M\$J;5ML+G*\\K*H5-4=$A?0CNH_TQLP@'^$MA5*L]LME/0KS9PW-U$(;
M 1B4VBH0LYSA 1BS0L;X?=+\MK3$]7Y6?W3=FO0GHN!!L'^TTJT)&P:H@IH

6\Q\ITPN3
M=.07#798G:W3;(+DVPCD%XUV6*RQ.\F@X.LG&70*%2#)WVP[%4EWMV'[OI



Y:] %);$J

[Y 9A ;];&.1LCDSN

MG1#=-&@)V13?




M970T

M[^L+4(@BM2]X/)QSY@QCDP]*OYH6P*(WP:4YX-;:;D^(*5L0U-RH#J1[4RLM

!C


SP YU[(%?X_:GZ6]
1E/*G_#MTZ]R=JX$'Q?ZRRK3.;8%1!37MN


M/F'6M5(6G(GDQKEHW26=-QQJZ\
?+M;QW

$Z15$M^C47'
M





M9[)S!

!!UI2!_X+ )WKG7U1!R[(KX-X





T8ASEO
0$
P)K]5V+T%O3PP4]O$^/

=6)!N3




%X;!1L?N.6EX7&B9B!^[-+CPZNO8A3)B:HZ3B]

M8R+EO

$%     @
M@].S )J#9F;1.Z;[_^10C)'K!
M]O#]C6<]5Q\R I H4]&&WD


_=:DJ'38

M
X(%I](^4=%)Q=E 1 CGVZM&[OV[DVRO=.6=&=$(V$-+3!G9&-^8

AWZ+#G'S,-YK<S4QVGDT:.)C
MMNLF^YG)WA.(%TU\S&[=))F9))[ ?M'$QR3K)NG
)/4$TD43'_
X
\&3_YR!



M%C^@!D+8%A&DIE.U/4RJ^K ].W  J[Y0VX3NW\\7H!!%REZP??AN1QQ3C%*]

MRL+77E19R
$P*N!%(3UP3M3?$S Y'J
DF@NOM.V


HDWPCL;YIL
M
&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S:&5E=#0X+GAM;(53
MVVZC


MCHCL





 5BDD*50#2A.5GN+ P4%DT82
S7!!8
M2J$*0%H1XF#Q


M@(7
@9 -H3QR+&0.-&K0^T(ZKX_?&Q4E#-8Q!SHVATKL(X%I3UD%41X%E
M+(

MFJ/$JI(



$%     @ U8%+2#0AMTH! @  B@4

HRB##=1

MB2+G-T7KAKP)(&^



$/\IM$!D+A)*S


#AQS?9=GQM_%@5(9?+9-)U;A0<KC0QR+S8&V
M1$3L2#OU9




MDRCF0/1L?#@NM3.A9C_6&63+^$



A7D87YR%B4DB

B
W@)5<L$=2
M@



BYX;6RE5EV3FR 4_2N./T]^)U)G-G8Z;0/G=G9
MA_:9)1Q5B4%DFS_?4$Q16IC
LU#!#SWW 






MF= ]+PV9T


FV[VM^ U02P
$


M;?5Z59I[4%V'=]6ZWO\_N7NIFVHS-)E.-L6?_N=JN__YVO\EC4TSN@$W#7AH
M V$:B$
MR[&/;O$,+M$GPGZH%;L]S=@QQZD'T/TNH!WV[?XK)'
MMGLDE3*2%/71IEC
$AK[!+%816A:)/TTM;$D)G5]L9DL$5%*]70%+LAT2G7U





@WDAQD+,'#DIP^+'AI86!MP74*$V9?EP)W+D07A086!5P
MU6 N=
-L
Z?%? =
R'SBV.PY



^1
M![9
$8_GD(A'M8XCN0/Q:

M[U30P=31R=3I1U

MZHLE@(XV%L


XDCL0SS


5FZIFGAP;M+)QK:-([D \6G')
MJKDGGQ*CE;N%)$;K*)([$(_6?I'8JWRS[)$VV*BUMX#MH0\0TGA%F%EOD&W*


M5!;WAU_6Y4/3?4S:S[O^[=;^EZ9Z'E[6/;PQ?/$?4$L#!!0    ( -6!2TAN


M\(N Q96+#WED3 6?3=W*57A4ZK2
8[D]LH;*B)]8J^_LN6BHTEUQB.5)
+KK
)GQ:[2:0<F_(;S#]/YOEN%P&1@-=LJ





M6JM!*$LC/*5;CW1XD8

@
XCF'I#\62 ++\'B'I#4 EDX
T5) B=QC$0X
MSZ
9;SP$7AJSQ3A 9A%T





MB6!VV

M'-L66.F(
M




2Y9T55!BH/O?R^X 0(




%J!9+;)E4-B@*X=




NRFQIPY







MB/+_8M/M^VB3
-CP;7XLNQ_B]
S5/62#X%J4[?@_6!_;3E1G2AA4^6]Y+.KQ
\4_!ERI1LX#W+.=T 6I18%M98EH]YER_FC3@%[2$?'E8P
M&_#-H-.+!^THV,AR[RNS[4??%AG&\_AM4%(82;DW,)Y
$L= R9$W(?@C@.&
MYAQ0XT/7# _0B)2X

MJ]9\O1[PRH 0CP2EYP2ELE!2/0I(/13060%)!:0GQ[*#RBJ0D'J$4(0BY$(]

)HC3*7%HO
MAA





OJ7['$*((N\TT<G[H NL+#T,(I^R@G9C@LBPT.OV,]O



M2P
2$.W'G




#M
L5%M
MEZB

\3$EIAX(@9
MLVC




MP\YT^K!]5FSZ



EXOYW6YW



3M#]_GF_;E/U])_R1NSKHIOIUU[M&S9+-J9??Y:

MV!\-Q&@@[@; _V@@1P

=!C5BZ&WQ%SZ]T; F;8
M'%(Q!=BC3#BWE& D^S8 \XSYI.\G)&X)B:%FPG7  QS(FP

5S&
MX 
]N2!(XPZBM!5:.#T^PXR4K#LHR.O0/M.M 



$ZJ.$![



B^=$32V-VB(O;@UQG&E0RH$


M*)!W

N0B

M_BZ2O%_QA\UP5_K+S7)QR0_FG[P^G

M?RG


!&7X7A
M7D 2

M:/_

3OUI-H-1FT3


M7^UV=4LZ5M
NZ
G^-KP#-QM02F0@?M;DPHS[0(I_HO19/GS?W8:)U$ :LN72
M124N+V1-FD9Z$I%_:Z=O


M/]++-Z+GD$F'6]JPX3?8GAFG[6@2!FWUJJYU-UPOZI\BT69^ Z@-X-4 X \-
MD#9 ;P;IAP:I-DCG&F3:('



@=$Z
O2YR4B_A%.M(
')B5R8 K$0OOWA PM



MV0SIP)5NMJ^L=*H\U=)M/J@]1SH?@ZTF82FIP7=:4&K1(WVVA(91 EV-]N
M' IDT1Q!R!6$+$'0VW(TI$)]P5GN+5F'$A_ZC$\(N.T8V/T8^069O19E/F8]

M;1GDEFK_0J(A%2F-L#^+

:!BAF*
MW84'FN/NU:/?;ZTN/=8CVV%0N;6JTW-O9NN8Z-_6Q+^L-PDF#!EIX[KO::




YX;6R5EEUOVR 4
MAO^*Y1]@&_Q=.9::1--V,:GJQ79-$Y)8M4T&I.G^_?AP'&T26]B@]_S\G 
M!YHSH:_L@#$/WH=^9(OPP/GQ(8[9YH 'Q)RQ*/XLB-T0%PTZ3YF1XK15@4-
M?0R3I(@'U(UAVZB^)]HVY


ZO2 43O6]M




M1]$-3HZ7*]=\[VO_ 5!+ P04     #5@4M(\1^HHI\  Z@  &0   'AL



M#YM

!S#^=RX
JRI^R#'PD1WF=3MWSE
M'X7HGL*0;X^DP3R@'6GEFSUE#1:RRPXA[QC!NR&HJ4
415G8X*KUU\MA[(VM
ME_0DZJHE;\SCIZ;![.\+J6F_\L&_#+Q7AZ-0 ^%Z&5[C=E5#6E[1UF-DO_*?
MX:E$D8(
B%\5Z;G6]I3X#:4?JO-CM_(CI8'49L4!9:/,RE)72LF.?.?B?3_
MGI0;U_8OPWI2OD;S$E)Z]_53AREVLCW=F2/3[5XI_UW
N60*L(MK?GP[VU/




C
N1\_K#7+\*R()@P:,\Z!LTA2AT19U=(
M* 7

ME

M10X4B6U/\K ]]KF%U






Y1WQM_$F5(9



965ZTT0]!AG
QL7  9$J


MVR!(_AMAX.%SE()NS9/! T]R+*1P7-'4=S!'$2Z

D\
M

A= @S\.UFXV,F['D1.DF)$'A;F92^)C;KB/R9\+
M@2!0HLO/T^/O0=8/#I.QU^*!4#+A[ 
Q7@E J


./2_474$L#!!0    ( -6!2TB2
MT
TI[ 4  

M.!#]*Q3W


UQ)*DC
ME!

 2-.
)G/+ -^$%!H6*XXCF*0'($2G%IG.$L@O'#4TNPCD
M(E!: )H[3N'9CSJ%)T(IGEQHCA$11RZ1FZ-7P=+A(+0+ZH51B6LRB-BRCI&



MF_ 2@T)O^_WU(JB'#16EQJ+DA('6=%7T\%6A=4\#9U6 LRJ70#ULJ%:U^7VJ



PJ 6TR=+U


$%     @ U8%+2.D@M$Z0

31;'8O-IG

&U31[T16LXY/=_Q2]OJ
M0N@;.V+
@X^N[=DR/')^6L0QVQYQAUA$3K@77_:$=HB+(3W$[$0QVBE2U\9I


M1U[0R0L^FE?A.B^R&NN\RKL+)S H [,!4^Q
:/N&JT=(R65J7E;8&Y$]7\
MT:A XEB0^].ML ;
V%VE-RP;Y-/96) T



P%/T5BP^(P4 2102I



K/ S#1[X

SSQRH9#JQK1(@G5/GB(=D5J$0[P


MTA^I@D*POTVI:Q

BAZICMK#CG8&+JV(44;*



MYU*D
Y=H16Y
\.P6=/0





_#M?#QUPP-OL_;N
M=OMSJ:OV7%=.HP]/JR_B
9/Q@(S$/V=];8WWSB#^I:Y_#!_^VC^M_$&#+O2N




M%AE/D4Y

MM]G
0E#5J.0G[$#I#


MA;#I%P*5^#Q*#%;; ,)WV,RC,5@%.SE(&CW$$*@NT

M)6CK$&;OB'QRJ@KFL#$D.&AK V6+T/)YE_8.\)$+]NSV#*@KB-CF4 &TWH-
M(TEV;@@4L'-#(
7.#8$LDAB *@;D(N(58RCF%6

M$@AXQ1AB5RLCD
6F ]I5($ NV+5

MV 7?8@A83]DBM*R8]A (D8N%K







M_D@V].MSUF;;32UO3G/)^MDF3UV\[BOI:G::H;9Z'*ZN9TWW]&T;TV#CO_45
M31D8

MH$'&8S?&3#5DM''B8S?4!'A\'2/4
$*$07$CT8@1+F
D(X::(*$-1Z1Q1(B#

''R50TW$-M.2


AF+###T'48-4)H[%F(E3!]II$9F85:B2XU$CZ2
M:S+U!TDK\8SN2U'*9FQUL1'5;(08!VY'5'%%Q#
2IRA%+?QM$%1Y#AV
+8
M((%YH1EG*;0

M_V)]MF8BM

C

I2I% [?DR

M#2!!FE6;HE#


M%J7(HJ&F1S[AJ'J

]GQ'GM+Q%.J]FNWFDIW$MZP^Y57CO


M80

!2&
M_PK#_0()$





@X^+3XSB
M$ZWW##-9YSA1TYB&.V:M

R
M#]E[ !AKX$ /:!B


M#J![/V\DSU)(FX\CTIA[M V%31FE%.SV/3;Q9JK+\CN%9O(8K5%TQP67SG-
M5K@YM%


HYGFL1V^G!F.GTX?2:Q$GL*


MN2J:X6_T_-:T57D6F45E_GO\W1^&W]/X'Y
XL;  =P+\(GQ$Q803D!\
B_
MD@G(*DR@FH#X'TKP*I$TBI%K03T%0!XP0








CPXK &


573!L):&
(U5=F.-QL:K@*3V@J^7QY
MU\H_)QI*2528-0JPQA#JC.(H6L4G1XM'+R4(BZO H29AE' Q:Q1@C2%4.X4/



MIL-WHG-(I

#K=GX= Y7QFES


\.&[WU:D!$
M[9CH?5UG1;#T7Z4CS80CLX%

HD7V9@2
ID7VI@M9%#B)8_5QH;:

M^EAP9@C.)H*M8389'(? +)X6/($^5#A5@B$4/!:;&V+SB=C8*C:'-3&G@Y)1
MYE89L+*0B















!$=?9@^


CEU0EGK4]P
O2Z[Y:K/NKGTK




 4P%
ML


M

M#*+I$*(OWG&ZV$8(\!%BDR+&HL5+1:
^8D']*=&4KRN0JAXN
1H: (6N
=



MBU7#=9S&-I
MGFTZ(


0$;Z-W7\T#E8Z-3Z3ENV_GBMEW@ BMLVG:A-]MC;10



M5]M(#
U_'<QSDAYQ32<&FY/NP^NV @ITG
QJ9TO_W:L1U&JC!R'TIB



M-@P_=Z
O]\NMW/^1%ME)OOYG]5 ^5][&X]%#]IB^KLN[_.TL:]=@Z@'O\W6Q

9BMLDAV8(;*=&E6P3Y
TKJ\B6FMW]7C5(./BOV NZ9 5P7U=5?<R_];/*K'JG5

%I1N^--),B]%0Q

MC\N7


/$A)BXR- -^


T4U\ R5\Z\AQ_




MGL)KH4.\PK-=S\


MJ
_CNC2 K4@DX!]G6LR1T7U1[J8-G\6YB#71'P_C &RL+F0LCK
='F?



M(UA

F:!W-H&1PN+7BJ)%@G;8L1LZ W
M6@YB#B/FAB/F
&(N1









9]) !\==9W1KMO=.3?ZZJG_V'/XY/


5&3



$F-]S(!(&+QI@!DM7@S
M


6-&
MQZ)+$[@T82%U$VA
1.SJ$@ *S%





IK8BJ45

#Q)LG5#M%*5;\-

MJW(XCWNMJE9U[#JKV3@GE1_O'PKUVO9OP[[F\;AS_-!6U_GT]GZ$O/\/4$L#
M!!0    ( -6!2T@0HYN38P



7.9OOO


3YR??Y[D2KG'OL3&OY


/*?49/!

+AC-E/F3OC2NW8*[*KF


M;57



L:NZ\





2[GCUISRJ0E<+ WD)W*IU#MO7VGG86$(#[R2]A<<
M+E)QUD,P

M Q^.QQ(IO6Q\W/N$(EZ$1=N(X\ SQ/$/4'L&*/(/*K3)P3EU.[#[& $33/




H


MTXX[%:1&_'6

Y[%IU/%5([\
MCR+]&K
RU-^W[




9F9=//R=^
L8ET(L
M( LYWZ6.<20%64$:,B1K@/%LK.!&$:&]F%HPL<.[P#$
Q#(:05RFT1Q=$\=

M.30FA(


PF/J$ 14PR[0!&


W(& VFG358&IQ0ZY6W]9=



/%W K-H3R
]FV-?+NKYE9M.*A/










MV4+@F*D;[^Z&GI& 3L(0?C5CB-PHK(. G .UZ
\^&N4
9@[(*&]LT)3.]K\Z


$
M%     @ U8%+2

6/XNP%Q@)0
MR)5A('JXP2-0:HBT\)^1\TW2 )?SB?V;3:O=7XF$1TY_-X6JM=G 0P64I*?J

MKT21+!5\0+(CYM_M3[I=&!+-C*1E$RZ]-BIU]99]P3CU;X9H['&0R[)G/W?X

M




M^=DSGMG9F3=O[8$QX7Q49=W.W8

M-BS?]D95Z4
0Q'Z5%[6[F/5C+\UBQD^B+&KVTCCMJ:KRYN^2E?P\=XD[#OPL

Y%+A_O;
7*LO
D9_ZCG'[.V1GJ[Z/WK_UR)?W7O&4K7OXNMN(@


#7!2D?0




:Z=VVP#=








P$/T5Q+V%
=A

GJRMKWOB)


T&@!9-(B40?1I



B!A

M0N08*;

C96D4S4] MKR$L[0@M'BU56XDAK&+[#V+,MT@-D


UNS A\P33E.+#4V[
M2AK9Q0;A);$-P?0(J5FGQZ


M/\G^N.]F/]UL5N?\2'_ES;&HN??*A.P4N[;NP)B@DF%X+W5UDAW\^%#2@VAO


M'[\_7B^SGD-Y*!_:/D31??PH;\O#H8_4W?D?'_37/?N&X?=S]/NANQW];T53

'ZI#





M
$K$



M




QME
LF1@QE05G.I463(('

MM$VTHPU98S,QW+*5T/'#9L/([N1U8D7OCCV8T



UD0R$8W!.Z2H#09JGB-

\

*']:
51/


BS








$)-YR;8SCGG^VV9G[RC




M-@&1#FA

'7CYYC5#+.R
8F-R0S&$J5N^!P3SSQC4D7,98H
M=M/GF&2&26Q,MHA)_AN3SCIA0F\14QJ8[YQA[(!8Z;;S'I7EF] -J5D;K8D

Y9J:]FHF@
M[?Q&+]8Q3]02P,$%     @ U8%+2)=R?-39!   ;QT  !D   !X;]W;W)K
9Z6_ZU,5IP?YVP^?O'C\+ZOVR^Y2*XQ&T/N3E6

6]VF2)N/
M3[

M49Q?S- 'U29\*[*J^S][^ZCJ(A]#YK
\_=5_'H[=Y[G_)0Z'

M41;G675*VQ)G#XV\;)

MTJQ!'A6Z-!O85NS2/
&VE$OS#/
!Q



MV!B#Q@B

M*!W^QFQL*%*'





M
UJ_-TPV12&;\MZJV15'4CW[57[3F&R*1#8E0
Z/L^]H_5[
MNWJ^#-G&*3DPV]1DMBG



M2P



MAY=B
5U_*5^+Y?:7IW*UF&ZV7U?/P_7KJI@^[AHMYD.597:XF

]7^WTW<K_?;HN+LKY7[/'S<M6W.QH
M\%@\3=_FF_OR_;JHE3!5AP_E?+W[?_#PMMZ4BZ;)T6 Q_7?_=[;<_7W?_^*S
MNAG?0-4-U*&!@F2#O&Z02QOHNH'^:*3#4S=P$@;V+J!E8KDZ@9.VL#7#;RT
M0:@;!&F#:L[W





(

$Y


M2XR\0DBKY0935 5
/CCX'-@K$0TF7*Y @R6GZ3J.G-1
M%)O?+KM18%HH X!P30DCX.U%[G<W(!R4)'2AC@T?*9(:;KZ\0<[:I)TPT

I@BC 8FZ\NE&J'A
C$


;(=*;!IIW(PBC-BU=HFF9OC;.W$?DPS=ZZ?_8V-)@
#B:C
MV-BF*)[SNE$)@6C&-3CC&I+H8*_[V

M:+S


+;I19] $Z)1+G(B+B(HR^?\;E1
M(

<HY'O,$2'CTSVX[[\']S2@O4JZ;<TU'ETP)KE&#KW[!)K0@K* QRQ
[R[=\ -=N[U3PU&:<6C4P!@F?3<8^[A42
1:BQ342H
MNVY4P@*4YSRI+.&K/;S]W.WJ8HUO*M$.=I3

M!2B[!RT);(IBKY

M)@%+&:)5


5V\!-L!RVV \QV_%'U




M9;DIMLIF7[;S_5)
'P]?YL73IOI874BL]J^1[[]LRM?3^K7XP[OY9_\#4$L#
&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S:&5E
M=#@V+GAM;(53VT[C


M'M\E^]J&A 1\(?#8!=K%+P?M'X+P6.SQUFP  *.







M!)-!; RP: U!M+EVFF)LV%*#TD^YAPA0F7F&2)R0S&%L6Q=PCV.=&*$RTY

WV*?&*$B\IV2;%%L%]1K)B) N&#S=WS!8%7]NQ=.*$AI
NSVFT


7N?@'4$L#!!0    ( -6!
M2TB6-R+S

MRVZC

MNB4DRO! 

MHSYG9&H1C7

C/5
%!MH##P@CEJ8U'QPIOUVEE4EGCA


XP.1^YS

RMS[IJ
J;%7





&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S
M:&5E=#DP+GAM;)57RW+:,!3]%8_WQ7KXR0 S9!I%YW)=-&N'1#@B6U12X3T


M_RT7;


M.3%I)O0^2PI84I/%J:H9F&/9HW


89$V/9!
M1N= C])%#;.)2TH$

%?C/F%3P$J_#I
 0P7C

M#.[OX;UF&&!&EVT5Q8*C4'67T^WDZAL G0;.3@ X.B$?QHT0@4(R$.ZXL%

.'D
MX83A'D92E_Z:H
AE0290?2STTWO^Z (I$O1H^E2N(M1[-)?BF_W-S.Z!5K
M]MUM2G@;?JJE/AD/H\.-[8FT1WPPOL33M3[Z7]TL9L=\SW[FS;ZHA??&I;I

)) ^P-


.EMI[CQM7,E$51*)-)8S75H
M%T_$!-PX,G(;RDDW-'-;PD4N=,W8/VPN-E<K@70?%@T@N&*)^9(EN&:)P*KH
M@ME%QR5#A%9%%UH5TX9P,%%T$]SXVB.^]LBNZ*)!L%XJ$:*;LBIT(W
_K:$
MP[HX+;Z[!9=)0752!O=]2)\5FO1G%YKDZB:%50Y[K

MPBG?53;[YX(IF6!:U+\$GD.8GT



MC:^=2P.$DPIT_5:8=^'Z*(TZP/A5.0&L?E;B7 (KL4$5Q'P&XH 39L^&)D



E!B=ADHWLR*-C

MV^\OJ]]02P
$%     @ U8%+2

M3&TG3/^^?@#!B
S












#K [ #B
MK@



F;#!Z
M)T;\L8PD
A)'$(\C1&1&(QS!8D9C
H881R +GPRIQMJ

M02KP6(4%1*:#C*X3&W5&JT'H-SLE1I5(T29F)8:5+ J7 54I0#LQ*@R3
N





MV:7P@-@*U*!7/'BQQ280:


#Y;?EXG.R
9N


_8Q8VK_HT
+%X'0=DA#L6/I!)T/82EEP

577L#U9K

G5HNLNHO:Z&@]CAIBDOT[GR?+B]_A=02P
$%
M  @ U8%+2


M=;D


58*)Q^#B7)
AV_2
MCJ E=*FGJ4Z::G(I_8@2I;9(2I^
E-DBK7W]V*]?A68L12/(T2H9A&(P-3C
M#'R$
.J

/A<OW#
&0XYHP4])6Z#
M1B:^I]IG5NEY1C)'&()+R

O)#?F?^

M ;TAE#8&\+(Z8)A2@I(29=U6,1XPA!Y+L^6 K-)0#;AI\MEPC:;PGL-D4D
M5;*[HON6


5QFCOD@Y?/5PWR0RJEZ2$5N




F?M&[]0*JR/NFKXQKX(


AT#0L&R@O]0Z*O/OCY5


M:!A OM$P@(SO*@=0N&PX H8C+:D(65:(05K&7T[+!'A(UJ2E#F%CQF4 BHV3

0SWCR)WU%ON.;N4SC@M@)$R.7:YQ/G!7[+X(; =*69A2!:4H&
MY\&D)\\Q0AF L G*9Z%YRW K0*&^

MP'MB3%#ISG-D@E[D96BL5/0D5#&2Y;:_'O05P:Z/V\YXY=K^ U!+ P04




MGB4F@CD6(J'I\?

M5'PW6+4E2A5IW9E0DU+8(B'SERV$*4'#'()%Y2928N+(+#*:N/2[RGKFY -N

(MS=41G):#]$57&'KT

\4M&:[E,-0QP#X:EB9U^



MOL



$2$\!LNZ\66=J2Y-6-;#
M$




M#?0+DS%ZG U#
\;6P%YOH+T+FKS[\!-5BX#:HS:+
THZ0,J$3-0 SABDR
M8#EHGCC&L






M EHA 1['









M(A'YB8VZ
2D)H0\VZCNBI/2EC;I%5
)];J/ND'K@M

MTE=M#M@282(2Q@N



5=&5Q3VB26%T36%12[3A9F+03S6@VA9X72$GCK0I(339&%T

M0%+O3T.TIEL58V9D:B%(N FFG@K84X73MPB0B@-\O.+ J1)L;R/37%.ZE*%]

M^.1C3[&0-H_&Y88:^OFLO$#NDL%[.3Z?53:@[IQ\V!4U_E#K[*33L
K;V'
MD9'YA2!D





E^V_C[?;RW_.6IZ+\NSAVEUZM9UM'?LIO9?=#



MRCRB=# ;6:IR1O8SI7O0LUI

32
!:$H%IF('
ME+.
[D<K[131VJ^3XUAN6!(RHT
MV?Z
6@

 L

MUZ V(5!^0%J%_!UNP!J%V!D%X!J/*U?R]3)D'H_841:-GK!UK@N57
VPGD


(BM101B#Z







*2!)8D;DEUE'D:C?(NYEGU2;9CE$MYEDY;D\&:S*T)56ORV/\S


EU/
JA:W@*
P4Y ($=K$B3ZFVIW/

.
MZC99F25EFUYINR=^XKR=%







51Y3TQTKKEM)ZK='UG&YD:Q_Y2XEJ.XWG-V&. DZA[








M%21[F%P5HV8_YI%FO4JP\AK%BH$4S%@,AA4DE5@QY^4G21R@K259HJ]9D^


& DB







XBJ



M\




]P!:OC.V9V(ZG?;0F4P.[9G8LLT$

T(JW3X</:?4#W!<0]9$#\

3IYQZBR4

M)E0AH](L\RSV$VML8I4-4N/D(YM8BG

@@\*+/J20:E41);0)&*HE

VENS$PF








M_+PZ#VH/T \;VOJ6#W#CN/7N9K
ZET?\J^R.54N=9\+X*#/

/W[^@$


@
MB'V&J]K+4KOW(K*4MXI6-7D10+:
8?'W0CO]A[TAHW7JBB5V?SU!_S3A4C
IX!V0



M/Q!]5.]L\)^Q_J37


M


O?3Y@AU%4W?TI??XL6VK_M^*

Q.^:GOCDWE/B

M)_W//!S-[ 9X-
 7 T2^-(A&@^AJ$']I$(\&


;!OFN.)



MCI\ (Z7?FSA$B8TJ(!7;J!)2#I\M&!8X;!:EV*$HX1CF/'X\Y[2X,0IYXR

?($7WWGG+M0Y6U*JPXFC41+^]W0D7%OS8Z=T-_X

52


$%     @ U8%+2/E_0CM;

 Y/\CO
/L_AYV(21R8$U;*\
!=7#
MA;VRIC%





V\J3G4G@QU7^KJW=_.1<\5T&M&3?O
KW57-BX8=E9FN]%R

M4+R?VJ:Y=RO_ U!+ P04     #5@4M(E*W+3X)  !R1   &@   'AL+W=O




] +;7V#)
M!8OSK9R
^+@\+!_O=^W[;/^V/.X/^-#)=\=%NI5G^]-JN[._G17[[J??'L%X



*






ZD.P4

Z^J9U]-.Z$7


M
))9&#\5S3\=IXD..-%1P+:!LFVH9]M ^V$0L6VXS;892;X2FNB $QTE=T/9
M-M2S;:#]
(C8-CC17D&RXUX1=-= \QQPGJ. ;@.EVU!/MX%VPRBVU@V\$5
M)!&]NT03'7BHX!O(^7;6,^WD?;#6.;;WI.('];:ZYL%J\FN:0BFNB($YT$


M9U X[4FRE#X!:BG7P#:* %$_#O(2D=/3E.HAN4=SS59)5J%PB] /?TT&8)


M/+UDE8)05,H!EU/Q:!9%]4B+AYDPYUGWE;
N]$DYULA GP#)-5 CH&3?$8
M=#T?@V8]5)
M
0^R?LP#O



8;&8TECUA?-66&OG@T9N-,E\]HM6PW.
1)ZM$_C)V-A/8

MM6.-U8E&* 99T9F
81/9)!_K.CK,=3MD^YD=&



PV)(=
M/G7BB9Y_DLF'3!%N:
?'WV!SXH+VLTD8]/A=?]MA_)[U/V4RF?D-X&0 %P.0


@3 KKC.D
M
T.J&5*+H71DEMH1#1HFF7D1Y3Y88\&R51[!ZWHRQZ/
C@NZSI ['N4V0VI+



/%,A&XNQ]A1
M*HC4)^]7&!QDP[=
.K(3:EC(
=



M)OR=.=\

GVOYN#J*6W29A


2V6XIRT??H/]A0O:325AT.$W?6SZX7C33XID+)LO0&
!
GI9:-<WKUN8('**KXJ

2!R0BKI!0LDL

H




+6=
MT/W[]04(ME!#7^(+YYPY
W)FTI;0#Y9CS






M
3 X+GAM;)66WXZB




6 70T]?8#\&#./G
M#D'G@+1#
'!(@V'


MC\# QA  %A,!$ S![1ATJKFH0Q$=E3,PPN(15DX8%
*F@YE=#

M86_#_I@DFY!
)S$/
(B&1$(+C]@D$B\GDI@Y$BLBR7
BXY+I).8A!H-3'$06
MNX&^003ZBXE 8.2 P(9(JYHC

M(FB:2-P2&9?H)%ZOL;G@


^*QTV6
MWNZ
5LN93!([6Z6+]?3H8/?=?'-TD#^5R\4ZFV\FQ=-JE6[^^Y M\^?#J9BV
B\[ODVKR
MW_/\1_7A_/9PFE1SR);935D-D6Y__
R.L^6R&FGK^=]FT-\^*\/N[^WH)[OE
M;J?_/2VRXWSYS^*V?-C.-IE.;K.[]&E97N7/9UFSAMT

M-9E.5NFO^N=BO?OY7/_%)XU9W$ V!O+%0(I! ]48**Z!;@PTU\ T!H9K8!L#
MRS5PC8%[
1!NT
 W!I[K(30&@6M0Y;S.7
*=E'A)MF;M.D6['R+-N&G7'1
MIEQH]L3:I O#-FG3+MAY%VWB!3OSHDV]\&R3-ODB@
FL9N^.^Q_3
CTZV.3/






MA)\(211M/%0EVP4)?]J(&U(=
-9;KF'&\

MV





B!



CPKHX3EIO/.[








M\EC!BSI)E=DIFVQ%*U=565F=?5\3B**E^UYGZDT 6V&(#J&V X1++A!W(K!
M* W:TX6!M5H +V?@?49VL

:16S'$9
L
M?


2U*4&



]:$89'
M(,FTF'


MX#D9-IW

M0_

&\(^W?


E*MN






MPSR[&)C#;%V






MK&7I:EE0?*0X+ZGW


'+&Q PJ:(  L;_(6ML+ 5NRDD


MI)]C#H'B\9S]RUAN;_\];]FN+GY=#MVY=QNXSH$=\UO1_:CO7QFO(1P2[NNB

'4 Y@'X$8BQ0# \AG %T
H#R

M

K=#Z1 $P.B!3=&IQQR$$.A&AU:V(
M


MSJ JLO 
Z8:H36LB:NQ-LR332/1F(251*)NU VG$3K08D@*=$R*N?NE 7
MZ9I35*% C:E,SI5X%LA$D)G(II((B)PE2;4D6ZCI45&'/9JXA.I$5.Y$9
MGF9)II'HWW@@/C' I\4R88A/O!Z?&.(38QL281%X6/U\E#6:YZ
DFV6&4-V
M8F*SS)@8E]DLR302O5D(32Q#D]KD.$RA^N7.8(^(@L.[;B*EZNY4X'(YG4?
+

(]&;A:0D


MOW?5IG$%!I9$)]IM#U3*&0*10P1?W-BTI

MD84H(8-%3G!GT3
Q5*/<B7H/4$

9D)L64_K
M5O:H(6UH



M

$
M%     @ U8%+2!$[8RY


M?AZW/E 





MF4X/W;


5V

Q/S[XOGW==
.#9+E(3G:K



W
MSOY=T17+15
?9NV^&#0AKGIX


M/L'1+
MCEM6498EI&![4T0-
'A3V #A0
V5N NU&$ DP]_G5$H %.1Y&83
M%014(M-
*DWRHC%5]KF'C 2;80\F&FR&@LV9P1H2K
%4]G


1
D\:F+CT A*


MD:FP7V9L




MMJ53DAJ=7KP@-&V?^ORATZ=&AX?.S'*%JZGH-!)=QO*AZ*C)%IBQ?=6T+6JR

W<85J]--Z=;=<&GZZV9Z8S_==/7^

$%     @ U8%+2;90Y=@ @   0@  !H   !X;]W;W)K

3$V+GAM;)55RXZ;

M)W$&L#4=L+T[^L'$$R9(=T$VYQS[KDWYMZDP^2-%@@QX[VN&KHS\;:K6W3




X2(EM%Y
N(#WVZSLRH:&93I^%B

MJ''$C+=QV7




:$)\:RK&/-=J9@@




M6.:K8OP!9L&=6: 6)C39F 

=G&_6I_








]%)UP930
^IX U@E$@60!SN W&$0:!@ZHI6+*F@(_N\J0CJW5H

L0.3;2


MX]$L$Q#$1(-9*:PQC$?![#O?8!ASD#=02]Y@.9/#ZP2P&@? 1=X(%1$7
P+;

!*$


MZQ=:GL9I]CI2+_\!4$L#!!0    ( -6!2T@N;V9(.0


MRFS 4_16&#RA( @$9VS.U'4^[

X0YKS0J:B<$I^



CFRRE:V#
MJMA2O7U;(8KHPGNK
W4@W(#60U!(T!AF



^


W
*&1&K6RENA5TW%8;U-:

K.&LQV*]'%NL4:A&-H:S[85SA5(
MGRQHH M&_7J:#


MN?OT;?VTVBTVW]?/W?_YLMD^K?;=C]NOE[OOV_7J\TNCI\=+HU2X?%H]/)]?




M:6QR?O:T^N?P]\/SR]\_#_\GJ:$9W\ 




M(K$]#3?45#:&GD8H)7[4W(



MK10[2DXCK8#

!E'H\V %:'CC-666EVF*HX7
MV($9[F.D80U8-(&?NUK $L0C
W;3]$@['!ML4+/4#E\A=CYJ&4M/_A;PD55
M%1MH&N_K,N!W[*V6NHPUE1W G0A^KND=%I4#1
:M.HR:O5L1+/4&&$I:0HI
M
9^D. RPT(4J-9.VIH&8+B



?M%PP:@F4$(TY'YL$M6B.VOJC32$,&4(X7EM
M,Z7D]TDYKQ* ]4.2Q5K$HJD:DH9&$ :JL;RZF5+Y+X0TH:&48#509?P[8S0-
M) S6.=G2GRFEWTY\/53^@-*3_&PH_ %E:,EZ*/P!E/1Y?(/6P2$)ME5-/D(

C@ 9EAM2/
M^03)E('4A;.\W+518F!@ 7@ZH;NS0L
R0LJPDVS#% &JKGQN-%JEY]&K&8
M
F*A!?2QY\L8PR1^NFZ ZMXBX=6':\6Z^8J&*Z8



E.A@O%:=@RU57%LJ+JV3# ZVH)+:LNE$0R@C:2[AH X^8SA570OI


K31;MYM\R4H6Z;8U@K6EI#+?+(.D(^^
M;F10[;,!1P9?8[E8EV(ZR:(Q2[55

M&J3
0K :ET?JYA$JBQ:R=[Y28D'*O*?VC,&ROQQ(E0U%7U'4MUT4+N+F@-
M)

SVR6H6CI(4?FJB8
458ST'::HO-\1JHST'95+





M+CIAY:$E7


N#WF7


M6%:\6@+499-UD5Z@:AGP6 9O-JB;
4HH)@2BJM+&W(]JZOZT#%
D#:Q2M.
M*
7-29M)&\B$W87MHB%NBTC@2IE@,2+EYMP.O$ZC;0
F


M9Y&SJD;O(A6-!D6^THO(^S/$%;AXB0-X\L)A$NASMU4-*D5WQX$7%'@Y_D
M'^
XP32
]T*+5-159E/]B)!:0


3;4RD?R.SW 3J*7SPN&-


Q/@499.DA#D.*.UTU227J:AD2+KXH.#'3I

MMTXCK8#
V#HY'4\DA!?MC-LVNHR+7V%!KO\XAN!FPKG* _+3$_*P#X3/;$=H

T
M[_#3Y\\D9L[@R4%Y!3F7\
D-E6H=GFH=GE[G\



M970Q




KSR
V?IU<:1?9%M*Y%7<6F5KC8D]R!)/4D[VN)
M3W31W X[TMT;.^V-.^^-K5X@F^7MW;2]/V_OZNT):\SGL3A+GLXU.K
J/=6F


M5:Y82V*U)!R6T*TFU=58*QRDQ 9/






MM5!



_=MJ5_
UJZ;CA4
%JAR=YEQVG



9-Z8QF!3]JZQ?
M!K





M@D0NA*


M@G\9:P!*ST%!I/(N8[-^(2Y/WG6
RV=S7R(7PMO5B*YNG]:Q;D6EQV0@HJ@Z
M1IRQ

4E'


N8D:
;Z M2Q[TTU4#7^8N(D3#4)!7\Q
MP=.J1




4#2
MS!33I!H



=P*_9ZJLBHQ0&S'#C)ED9A)+F4DW^4SG
MO*H=HP;#&#*3UDI.LJDCE2X.(+-1!;HFM$:06A.
3;+82TMQ192IGC]0$UHC

6


M)BR^)(B;::9H$S4CS)H) 7+&)F4 T99BO3#Z3

MI0J54Y
4(XR*B48I9

F4R5
M

G:4HW-M@ZBS&HJNJ@3A$ST2#%
)GT3@G^9 @3*?U2*IS





\FU?*SJRF:O!MAX$T*DU-4$%S0S%33?CXDF





M8IK8&V'N3?(V(=

ZN-7



DT\_MKL_]E\WF\/=7V^O[_L/]U\/AV^_
M/#[N/W[=O*WWB^VWS7O_?SYO=V_K0__C[LOC_MMNL_YT.NCM]=$:$Q_?UB_O

M\?GI\7K

M\?^^WF]6V]?_O'PZ?.W#-?=WGS:?U]]?#__:_OC[YG(1X3C@Q^WK_O3?NX_?





M*#=*)W+


ZI?N?+UA&8

QBD5W:M:
=
X+7


+Z+)HHU1](XP$YD64




U8''!&HO5M$5#;MU8TH
OT^7I&IW95O!CD&^*8H



MQ=UXENK]P#@_\O)D.(F?G_992= Y%!Y4O18I#?/LO1A/M992= Y%AY(O28
^P/D?D%^#%!P
MVT2W
UPOGH3
L2-.*-ZC1

91-D
M64%F2UC@]K5TNQ!F.%=M%R[/+A]/D2(3+X43ME8*78:@!4M=AF-0$H&'EH
MMER)9_6$S9SMQS5ANE9I'ZGJP

0S:AIG5*$W
('F
-$;

MU_T9ZG[GDE [ *YD3;=.9BJ*5TT])X^

VE;:_)''V3XF



FW!<#JZ)5/9H0R*[^W]_XZ;-N3)%P@SOHLU H<I]KTD*GL40:;
M$-NL-Z N=SD).YH5XL2+[!'%SD1?.63
L!
T:GN7V5:
O@J4R/:D:E\2X:U

1-)C.0C



M]M8^4V8T;:MT1.T.&'Q
YC_20
)


MS SGBFHC49E)R;*F&(%&P$]J53-=Y7\TE$K*'=UL Z7*!TK

2I




MG*22*Y9N=8%290


QR9F(O.)V8F=#1'W6)J=H1
 MG^\W^












M
C


M5\8R4;?;1+F8@.?K@_2W#AV8?.3%K_(URZK!G]/Q7#X
7ZOJ[7X\+A]?LU-:
MCO*W[&S^YSDO3FEEWA8OX_*MR-*GB]'I.!:
J?$I/9R'T\GEV?=B.LG?J^/A
MG'TO!N7[Z906_\VR8_[Q
.3#]L&/P\MK53\83R?CJ]W3X92=RT-^'A39\\/P
45JYN4 FXZ:P+F6Y2*MT.BGRCT'YEM:+E=_7?%'[,<X'Y<5AT92[J<S2
M//T]Y4H&D_'OVI6%&IN9TFA*68''%V)L<F!3D0
80SAV LJPMPEI(HH9N$R

WY)1L !
QBMEAI-3^^74[+].. %(Y%0T H4-)42
MN%G$S



8E)I
M$)#C4\
J#:$XIJMFV:*U)FEPG

C7S.YPAI'+D:



].
QK9PF$KV'/1PSJ2D
M:W@/

E[=HX$8B#H#:TYUAKT@:2*

MMD&IX55FL2V*24_B#CG3=
P]P

MA'

M%I\KN#TH
M:



M'IZV@+EU(/C


-V/B%E.T: '$L:$W$VMIHYZ<&:^)5%-^ :+EE)SZH+H&,(8U*1L_#SK
MU]YXGK&KK,J&OG%/7.N:\+];6K%NXR-_7'@O+X74R#/P#WN5-:T$25K/$[/
TJC234OXS


4L8NC)781=I7PE_MT5



+@JY+L6:S@A:A
T=6/M


$S0]+.]8I@IAADA+(9N2H;3)NXP$3-4O6/VP;UD$V26'%#)P:(1S)(#
M==WXKO99I)32]BS#%+-97XS6!A8N^L&L.L1ZM*Z1(LK7(9D!


MN?S]GP.;_P%02P
$%     @ UH%+2^-V71IY0$ ZY\' !0   !X;]S:&%R
M9613=')I;F=S+GAM;.R]6VXC5[8V^/SW* )&I8 BA:INZM. 9(RTU95WCJ5
M+J/ZX'\(D4$IG&2$*H*44O54@S@O/]#]TH/H?1
:B2][GOMN)!2VC[G;W0#


_;

MTGD'L7R9Y'66+-
I6.&J2EX?T%%R
MG8$HRW30S@._M


8;$I




!YLT\_P=LUPV8-7JF\*4IZ*7W+*CR F36JO/[
M'[






M)IK'.@VD6_?H5)PFY4U!JI
S)WN8[YJI\1K6;6NY6.2L]K!THHVY 36O_3 Z


MC8#4J@1DY@H$?KI:PD'C]GR?C($MBH;^!]0C0U 5]^T16D?TGRZS=ZDM[E



MS[I%):K)L9JZ04[W:B(?6[]?1G#_\4E7&#MKA.1^M3SYZ@7_6I5IO5H6=N

CI
B:[W[F$#:IZW9['J9^X




]U7O#I[82KT;KZ'_M==)?]



#+BT*

?]HAOOW4J



M=[)A^



M
R;=ZO*G1J^.)SB*RIQ]G7)QB9)]J5(]CS7RK/\F'D!ZUWB3QRQE2*-V5D
MA'W N$2Q#%MUM5HL



M'-8#\UY5LB9Z-+L)X:R+LH*_PVD






MT[UX2Y]N[72\T3\

M
C
M Q8D [K#YR5H)T@=+\'HG2QQE]








=UL%&K';6/,U=N-ZWW*=P

MH#1 M@AQ%+@N2[@!.C9KZ*#3HE4OAHO:XFE5H4 4QG=9&%\=X&R(+2'K!?5W


MAUC=E3R38+)


;
MLRP3]IGFM6Z'7+S2.IR\WOO7*1(_R41T4B(
^P$@/I)ND-B.8I[ZLXXF7;

MBIOK'\.?\!;/"1)-LG^X:$2)R0WI.4DPGLZ4-@4409S%AQ2'W.N6HDQBN
M9




MHE[.&RK&IUMMGLP$[S#()ZKRPU
#!@W[

M+

N



ML'Q'!R%B_EU$$C85__JT#M]\$MX$RS@UFB3AA)13M8UJ3'3!RWJSFJ?HGIJQ
M;$5ZX/RAQT ;IB8+;:BPY=S!+%XP!DZN?^'\\R2CZ-;$&8*6:$?24\[
LNCD
M


&$I=HJQ%]AI] 9TS-?H&BX*6?E?T[OE

2\G




MT7#D9D)R


\+

M
(0D:(T.WK D5';$=@!N#LQ



$&<5J3MF)

]GC 



M2X?Y/OG7/_]/E

M4U8

MPK%A@?3




M;S0OB
&*-C7+OQ#C8A-R%GSW
+R24:V\_D0^1TXY*X@V$(R+Q
MM%]H;;%P<8P8=$QB*8I+&2Y0R39C;S<-$#]T:DIVKA[+:IP_@CDS:SRDN_2
MS KU#VK^#O[





2W)!&)BX70D\^]K!8TF#CB&S1.O_N#AUH \S/
/D\VKGH


M4


MN+30R!DKK)P$Q6(=5)


M)\

@T[S/:
EH*BL+#]TMB*VR+S.:
AN

5BFK*TND)2W ;.FU#W(JK




M+4MODG*=LD-!#OP]-[

6
'1!\
ML9AI#3QIGL.GT9%)P9]:N@M4MNURN=I$UIHQHY;S2O!5^F95#H#3L^]-,J<7
M.D^NILD+P?6E5RY01[[#VAR8I?0*!HJVHA@+8OLN<+T!';C@7X;[I
9K6AQ




MO$;J](*!0!I/2'U8F0AW[D06W


YE_RT87*7@L!:8ZR


MY+H5&ME(NK-&791
@!B/+8'T&6
-R'V%/3L#(#P=UYT3^]^8P(Q7S@ PHY]=



MNW
U44@1G






=E-#O:8Y_ZA

MLXL79NHCI!D[F(4WN$0HE*\8RV2&2

M774#VMO=#AD=5H[FZLP^=MV%ADZUC-*H[4PT9=JJZ]F@T_J6S]D-M628SW7;
X,((<FN4675-^0^F6047$-6(R?H2):N*'ZCH3O$OX[RV)S*NF?U:+M9$B-

P31=O%.Q3^AFKZIFYH.965JEW
M

RYZ!);PO!0W'[1RO:QJ/($P\T$.D@.W!^-


M4[NKFI
.?+UR.,NTN)F'
M1@-6]$,2;4!2U#81,W:!.Z0YXVZ].@SS]'+EO-%&LX;L-#XDF<Q,YG#8KB
M%8A2C()23WQL(@@[E!NO0\(YYU-]&R-1$[55A(3)2&G86AZ%O.HV3ZZSM#G

3H?A$S TLB\4#&:FJV'&9UE$2M%Z_@']BR^5
M3*G/%/*(Y_THCI'+ZOWJ%@F+JS/*(:_3;MB?R\72[=GS!))^+Y_\=:Z=


M#5M)(%LKHS#IT9*!7F?7%:$^HX.\*51R!QPM2-3B_[?$%JYK2*@YZC)+%SAO

BA!6W8Q#('JQ[TH^2+'49NBCAY4#KQ*=?




L)-;%:$XIF)EA\C\+YF?C*(2G+=

Z

M


9W3XW/_CK&2=O=I%!\WC=)WJ88IB[
M@H1)WTCXG#^81BD.2'X_+D%0@&3VR1]FO^?6*VX7LA?ZX__YF;A79V
M1#
&T#^)!\U_Y&_@X[T.C226_HZ2P9H<]0S*@A<5W YSD2?HF!W:;V'SQ'&_Q
MV^$*J63M;2;D=J
3(E:![D1 A+DJ=JQ/
P^0R8VKU-0NS+0AMT$F84S\WCM6
M&:WSG?R.4







M[6=%;S.)FT\Q]H

MPUQ0.!^%5+A0PS7KB#;(=6(B2T ['[08Q1K)@CQ$07YTB2PGI.#[L6LM8;




/NN$$P^Y3E42
 D?U(4UI9Z'_
I-7K.F
'


SSP97%PL
M(E7#\



M;U&NM +E60\S\D.PJZ
'K1WKOY]=U^3[^^_/&_QL6EJ&V?HG#6CL4_K%'^X;


01*$#/=&H=+H\FP?MHH%KA.RSNB%!/%N(LS3#Q7:@!AN(WOVBV8$
R6
M%?,E@^5]OQ 7,PIMAU#GZ;/GKB!:HTFL06PUDQ)3$M;^U6P
(9
4.3 M:H
M9UVFK:G9KF3^7^HH'4HF94%:B#+DJ1E&K3RZ_:]__N_OSO[ZKW_^'SNX]X+
M@Z5
Z/8)5A=\:CN0Z0Y@%P6%ZT6#
X1/?Y.B(UXC;4VA8[SM#'!7A'9^5*%
MS\/T8:INFAU3ZL#86J\)AD.2$!S6M;F&!V VS3E6+'Z L@5B@Z(^LD7.R)M
M04D

D*'&

=UA-1/()ZYEK$+C#?_4N/

+K&O.CLHPY(J=

/U.%Y2

MTA)/$4[)I]DXA'71X?I'9V_]&I;?YNQ2 B#
_2J#+S%WWQO(L5DAOV42E%HL
9M8]6U*-.?P6I1I%WU\F]=2MY10AT\0R<
&KO]Z
MK?+[#DR1
P3T$I3I
D%V'GKBA!P%KOU=J






MY[GF]EBDR/


[I%PE4!!N8#1[LN&I[2MH#7_EX!]!2L^+-C1M(

M'3H-N=*+*%%* H#^+%ENZBQ5U







$OA0


O70 $W#QS&D2\##D2H=@N]WCN6/#()WRB



Q@
MY]X 7P;MY^)2LL6*9TU*^GHVIYG+:+&;AF@/:] )9G@ERY1+RM8T;R@H:Y

AMMGRS$;Q@^










M
A _&]S?ZRP530QF

G&[(+)W'3R]5&)B!#;A9!
M#CM'RZPV
8:Q




M-J$XR9E@^45-@N+V0S6YC3AS







MLGT ML8._+ _.#PZA@\N&WM.W_?_WQZ-]X;[\)WHE\OX8.SI?7@G_HNOP7]/
MX.G+7W
8+\#L/H9!7B2'HR/Z=WNT=SH\ID5LCP^&)_K3B:R


J.3;

M:A;;JI@-
V--BIC/



MR$0YHAJ
[4



182.36\=!

M






--P;W<Z%+INZ0697L:CY29Q2(C3)M!<9$&'18O/]3M/7HZ8:6OIY^
M\XF1[+/$;8L$P_.V@Z)5HK[.
9;::O

M:HG&W%Z;CMP.D
OH=(]8'IJW&-%ND9![WO5@[:2D)H7\ST).;@G/H2G7_KE9




MGE'Z$*(8!4#+]OC:V 0'




M_!\U4:J10I2D@I37H(OF@9'(PUH!3!/'K!Q&2!0\DI I+\XVYO4Y29Q(9OEB

2P_V@M:M\?0$\+K

M@$ZWBXZ.)V@-CLA%BS_M'8T:[_+/C@8'>\?H]!H
M'!W@F._ZX@MC_'2

*V




Z_Q[AZ/#YG) _<ZH5 &_+2W1W&0
MFM0]!MVBPNWM@\'A ?J#=_#'XP..;^./XWW*D/J!8#<$\@[=QZ/C$XZ+#$84
MSL?]HZ10[^WY%:-[XYV2 2
]QGH=#38/Y#PSF!\@O+%!8-;H=[&5:4OC8[%
MV[@_/I(AQQ279K^C5-9S N:A.;HT_@IJ5W63-7O44I
Q:DXJ^.M:$$&%MN^P
M AFSJ($9%.E DL

(BB&*-S$&@#2QH@G$\JH&ENZ0D;WDC



IQA2H%NFW648LF/G+S;@V__ZN&)QV:0*4?

L=\K=M:M:#SQ

M.7'62W2K@
IWK6HOANM1Q?B!FNZ0MQST;28S#$0&G+K3_1,Q-MJ ?YU!2M



M?+7(!.)7H-
2)CBJ,B<R6KC)3<$U1(6??1!P1;)A#?+24!2HTU/6
M8!.NA'C&;V=UXH%&IH.Y16[K04.H
G@N61=J!U


;X@8X*;WSL(EE7J2Q#5UK1UUD#FE)*TI*D10A5C
MFB+G
D;









M\-GFLEI04Y+XA[@RFJC:V%CG

X!JP4@?#\
M<;O5-MV:J9#U3*+&C-0=N!;W8(9@6\B P-&(R2J[;J2?!QIV2;S]URZ8,M3\
M8X/IR:C*07V5(P98F35Y2IACPK[*ST85I @#5@_4G(-%-
WLYNTHHS1;K2G

M TB):[:67Y:S]QI]Q]N\?XL4]4+R!%F:



TU!?:' /_#I?:+KTYJD$_DD%^I_1(^I6O=8C^JZ4



OW2P3^DO^Y(BASES5]P5
MT[$;\4
WD[W:4QA3;MZ8$@Q[O?I0W5,;8]KWGQ#RO?S]HWFP6]7F\: W7C
Q_-;M
.?)@&?K^

[$) *29$O




\QT:'(I2]


BG\@





[2


MAOB?7UTW](/NO]O3UH9BJU*][S1Z4#.;]U'8@7D6Y,ZU_59$^GLMUZ./Y@4X
M&$:HX'Y3L3LRRO?N_@+&&MP,8\6RH_D/7S/X8AF;1=<_I+?1<IM6DQ;L03A
MQ!9
$


MFK? ^6
YK2%DH5QGD?=;]CXLN2&=M -+PTW^



?
M:\Y^0&W^3FQ2#VF<IX84+IN$1I4ZH9))6[ +Y8[%6<=.R6R8[4AB7Y13BDX


OP&7=Y&+)5UV
2^W0YRWBXIB]UXQH%R98-
Y;0P'1X'1

M_F)

M#A-'NB!&C:H\4P-;T
V[/)&C+T2;\3=N/9&1#J_3M2 'K-*?3K)U?YM[=I


MAP)E+B.IAPG2N:(JI]+!HKXO
)LB]6GKVU(IHQZNHN'CA0NR#?3BFY*#
M'M?Y4A+
B!.'!I/7V4VJG7/'=#C\EP!*6/?$2?2=C5H*TLHT@&&%%21VT%-S

(/G[BT.'L1'RT!ULSATE







M=DN*WM(^GAQGVE\+\_

M

MZKC=:R1$LF M
GY2Z@TK(#[G0#<FE?6R$\




P[F/H+J$@Y50]\81



;ZH:FS-;@Q@EN-]FV]KI[M_A IT!7

MM.'L%J]
Y&4'2P+E+8JMZ3U:8-



;(B10X!RX<[UOA 1.)-RB
M#P8IFL&)?-/FCXYUP
\5GAQXXAKZC@+Q;@5]';Z&4PV01^^









M849^ICZ\\/]/HK

%..Q!CF]K^J

ME''[[$/9'IP]]L+8L.Z8C$\/CKCYSQCK5)'V-VV8OR=/?
DQK0SM=50*NUN-




K:1 .'@R+DKPOC&_RL:VI;[P@Y)PY?1Z?

MD@ELH159'H&#

L@5=B



Y?D;H#
MV'[

R@3\1)MC/]H[V
M:6 $A^Q/_%O

M!S/?-$WN)C4ZVFM.='0P]L52OPJCXWFS%;XLDR;1LG_@

CK
MY%(HO4?[^3/.NYWHE%C3/8AS66^0O.1?GXG$#XX4P9_\=-M&X(FZ5SU%MR*5
M!YD\J3I?[RNPP&/Q+

7]FFEXYQ*_9]:/#)+SP\1C\Y1HD/OMY
0AJ

M[Q\5A4VSY



^J#'$*VA=6.0DJ0Q
MWYJ^
D8OT2&^_*/2[!.^N7W(G4%'$OG?IYR-*\O:@2?VV

MJY LVUL92S%7D0G[54N;!NV7L'W*B7ZC$QF/75BOF_%OW_KNA-(+MJ6+*07F

@E*_]J+4+[+^P]?[XM^-:/4R


M\2$QJ+W6\347NBXAPKKO-?$@-@B7+HMC?^ F=SJ0&I#F4Z.&*JW+:
!^.:0(


M:F1^=.K#^]%-Z$0MH!V9Y?.




MW!'BQH94S!EU)7I]8K@7UY



P

M@05G92UMY+6H6Y.0@2_[;(H^8]_B%EW7M'U#!VNS3&Q5-7_ :%B:FQ
10D-)



[].Y&
MOS78JQWR&.!@!Y@4X1

MEWF.GRBZMOKXF4M&:5$AB.R[XK=J)J$]UUBD](() V!2B\W%0RX-4L*-ZB
M'66EBAJ-:&UE0/63W-H!&W
:[D(
3YQR9]B[=4
UF;(C.W5(V4C*_!FI 
TI


M


];A


M4*@






M;57$7[ _W*

MC?)Z7I:
Z(-67[VJ) 2?+ZY754U22.!
MH\IULHU]639;F/9]D[4;X&P7(**

 DMUQW
MC7YXE\Y6-V ^BS?.^H+6OB)[H+J#K@(ZM?T-\#O@&)X=(F]CHWA#(_MML%




Z8S


%C:BQ?'Z[@'QO[8'&2X8'$'*@11P(*3=F:WV?P.+KIL$RZ7
M5#&EDL+I_L3IYMD7XA/R5ES[.=;(@ME^@;V%KW-I)TTON$W9MGG$G$_R%86N
MQA8A4 -7VN@$*\^U





MYG*Q+!\6Q4
@4;?+&^@%'V9R'-G2()AMS8R7.49X4)89?]D:[Z$$VNRN3=J#
TW[/M%#I,+[I\$.\C<9H5TW@A#5&K!G
M
BA]Q6L51B]4M;OTQCGX&F'A+!Q/<W%_B:

EGW1E9





CF$B]F1%;Q]C=SY3=^(9T

M?I]J1]3LC

MZU#LER;J^L$=O7S]/9W)?UJ7JWQUY=YZ0Y.K=E-1'A*1OCTDI2VU'%3(H?W4
M- A

W6*']*G]@J&3HP0
9.\ ^



-]U1@0@J+I-M;YZ(ZU]E=












\9R7.^$$)


9\
M?/Q
:S'K]&N%&YMR_@DJ:?)U]7WK'38./ZQ!7.I.70MV;*ZV$LZIW-J3&B(U

 B; 7O6.
)60P_$#^Z1RJ+UIG_-\WF!5=^]OE+8*;





BD\$;BDUS*)P:#
MQC0PFIT[V;1N%?1NOAXPX$S? ZFF]F


MW/#7?_U_3MI8U JON2

85!B^!(W.62V^
=K
M'3TG*$/EPRJ[OD:P'0R60;(FHIJ B))47[S0B30$T')6X)MS;C
MJR9@@:IY
MVD5YSB3P0%H$L[R:KXLK#NH)M@*7/9B7D-RQ;Z5F;P0%(0C

5DF3EJ27AV'

M3D[NI&.&P!RZG;&[6R[WK4



89L5F
M2T@.[PUB

ZJ+=QE.$/-WGW#5\RN09^Z[C_%6CD


MI*P
#T

B?<<STN56475/!DGQ$'=P9?M3@OM 1H4E8 FO9+VXHP:ODB\AZGO6SL
M/T+_N?=;F22G/I0Z7M0W


M 
H)$B'*((0!1Q3[&O4&!
0Z!K3=]_4'@('A\X0
F!@VJR2(.TC@[V)(H)L8



TYRJ=P^ K=L[K7&Q+7T@SQX2_!C1Q%WO$=W9IT<)
M@/7:7H6)MJIT!U@WO
.!#8VVH).%M3JWW'6]5I678^@4-
^/M$I16P.:YF%
M


















GD0
+6YF4MGUML]XW7I#V#;0
M&V[4Q:/90]S*(^!08SS^1ZWI#'H.?(A;(]3;D8E+%1[7A_:6P$.I\3IAL_

MX*;)0 J6Z!

M&?['$LT0B&8XI1N(YD9DTQ_!/U/7D R_3X6='6IE+0/UH*EF0&(TV,$U3K!
M$LHOIIDA6@]$,_)Y+\U,)UVF?IT(
V
VSWLJ0$T
YHAW0
A348C1S^_A
H





&YT.Q_ZN@H!H8L_0Z#KDS(J8?M08@+ $;'5@L.&R@RP)\



%;%^/#LC:


F:&\$^U




MWV/Y%Y_*IHG$9:E(MC4/  \


1]
MDN





$6PG9%NIN#R&HF/O34
MEI[8EE2X
F[$G]PASR!QFDAO@37Y&29@8%V?2@'WB.P&#?#O*R^-VM2*HD$.

*!@+QU5GC

QF2CQ]3W5.E$

M]]J\_F$6;GN^!1N9R^$0E!/C&4N8F@4-(XE;+K WVF6)OY1%*J
BITJ#*_

SOJW!MK_/8.8D
.3*NG!:D!U75
MV 5IL33(?(%_@2
&KX<4W*\UV1D1V%/Q.PN)AU[WU


6MK_55@)'



A




H7Z _3'D+E$I\3SH==+: QEK



MQ8WZ7A!QS?IS#=]H\#]EE$]-X&UQK1?*E16(]56)=ZW9QR207GHN*8O!/Q;]
M%[%WT+CV7AJL93 _AI4DK7B%Z29K0H3

M$K!Q1*_188:%\%=YX+@R(9[

V#N4

5/SE7FW0E!WY@#Y
W8&A

M?+:A=1&MD2 :R+UUM=$-
S3F]!T 4Q+6S]Q5XS[$7M#EB8C][+/=IUO!D!Y.
ME+WS5L6:VN]Q9

M\=?*^5:01TO/Z5K:P7YW\-SF]J]J4)F;1)/[E+?I!?7YWXT5X %#.#%O!*







MY


=4
=*$&NCA
2:% 2$F;S.+F94-:LD
]46'B$!O
M8D+R4=G^



M2'D
O.^-89KH@)D-8:3F&//@K3. 4W\[##&!KH1_?C:M8T$[)]@CWU/^JERO

(&.-.MWO&%T.

6G!_8

MK;%+[@0 @Q Z8M#NSD8*&!1=!B08/1/1+B:3 39B3;[U2)\-GP8XT
M;]\#X
MU 8* ZEM 5S=EMBW5V#5
; R'VZ 'C(3;*U+OM.DY.6E /-1YBKUEM;Q
M%.J91]@0]OR@^='T]E^+'H[D.[&&$

M28$GZK:XYR*2'7TRJ7&:M




MK&_ 4'7+%8:$G


H^0IQ7=W








MVDS2NYLSEF8KW7#=WF#]P25I 2HC'T-\;)ARL+IH8K ^&Q@^7DXT 
-A'WR]



M]]XNAIW@]UYG-(E'V5;(^EJ1H=U=3D;D3+YPU-XC7^_ZDM)O.


M_ 29^1IC\^(IS6+_TO4.V/*P?9*O/T)M4)#R$J(40/L3L]* -M86^EK#)(M]





M'] [P?P]^6B)%QZ!#AYE\OWT)D2QJVA;ZLLB%!6G<03WO0MBGN'_]'<]G

MKYW\


MV

8)6L-QL/6





MN)G;G$



)J-D&
#C!8%&8.7&)A!VX94W

M4Z@.TZOMP+5I



M4W-
%Z?XD=?OO

I@QJY]Y853A!B9:




M@A[A.[Y0&:
MO/S5W?(6_[W ?_ CC:

(&W:@OH1/RC&]
MW1@^76



AQ5VC.&W?0M'J2D*3[1T6G&!0QC^IFLH1W:E/QU&'
MX]S\$H  )GA6=/C_2[[&; ((VT*8AA!L@F'YX1)XJ+@0&!-34W9!  OFOJZ+

M=!RA7-OWR'W08HXS6'6:EMR3
B5Y!AZD

U-M0#;QOH


M=QX=B:!Q;[E12P#LOH
F.JWS
)=?)5IRN8W/[D'@Y4F
+4H




MH'X8PN5_R^[N?W^!R37HP%-IJ?U:$J]W(X8 
IDVB(WN5BC/-L(Z@_?CZJ?9


T8
)O-?-X







JI?#X5
B0K?O9BAWI!Q=D]6]Y

M-2H3)?T

MB54.')=;!

:(=)
4@[*BYA[%%&6K$^
M%


7LZV


MO2':




MM(\Y




F?UD#)-3!_-(-I@
1\!S%L&3

+W8A[XC4OB12.&]

\J-V;3C R=-R;8(F-^S0=@N
%/PYF4XPVN8].




F


K'C5J$D9*:0(WLVU:(.S1S^R9\38:!^#O&[_V-
M0QN



MAXT2(-);;

WO&VJJ6X(6%



?




M]);0UEWV%\('$^^]Y!4 @&T


=O\/L%S$_9^D50AW:[SFPX94\L$RN(:-L

I&
M98]C04&P$DB=!JU!#%%UZ90!7[X0'G81J\





&Q[379]#+QQX_U$+X


M1ZTQ_8U^&A%0'ZP/)W__'
&:&W*'Y#EM2Z=*K,E +.HV6=*ML!34F2-/%.

M($'&3!9C_=1$3IY
S6$
Z#/
@N73B@_'_3^BJA+SW0UD1HQ$?J'O3!]ID=(;
M]CG$0I]&6+2*\1#\Q$K].J*J_@@F/_OX\0& R1)1QX]_\9G4J02#IARTS+

Y XY*&E/LR-X$
MZ6_L^#IFY\:4K'E2)HXGG&70K04NTSIZA1DS0\E
& F1D+MCRDD#E&T CH\A

J

MHOY?=Q-OI+%V6S^D(=$ 3@,M^P83=4Z*]+#W6EB%54]6H4$!$1*O86@XLU0
M3; % ,C$6;Q-ZD]3^ B?X

@DWB$
MF4@@N_J3OBK%)-V& UP+G;M&CQNPF8WJ4J3+EG9\$VMX
'CG?(7J=6S0;X




G0&&
M^8;/\-

01G$W-*O


M)K_&6HYVG
=X
9!7-B


MF1SA;BZ??&5LL4*


M-?+4J#/C)E^*L0H=I
B^XOO=I(BC 




MT6\PF
#9CJB6M0$W.HS$$:9@SY
=3'GU%YJ'.\)@7P'&&$P:[_2=:M
&)]@J
MF(V;WY/V@R5KL$:HQ
*JDSII- 



M;RMQ_(;@[A7$[)*M'U=GD-K%14
AIXV
5XN=0=1


$YO?@G$5GX]% 9G-FB+A7V(#FIBN

MY



[)


M=^FJ\1UO(@A3IYS#^$(6-BG
3:A6SJJBP=)Z+8.TS^+$1ONG=TS.D+T]_0[0

?^HBET%SNWOW#_NMX_^((#)_!W]0YD)

M9CR+1@^G!1=

^*BR-@P#A38C^$8Q)/%4A.ZAV0J_#NM/TH=SJ-)+BYUX (
M@EP;X?;%BDND?,61$#NUKB:=/24&P%1%UR2L(IP:]'ZVF.LMRL?5S1HRQ;N


9W4(WI2Y:((7%2OT/T*=
MIF.


M)





M4
+X1RO5X?T+1L4W#)BBI&WL6$T+:V6\6AWWVRO'CMP[:(X=/
MO0S^I/;L@
MCB#CQR@KQ*S73IW ;F=6SH:.57:CDT^=0]&GRV+U1-RD2JPE:-;@JM2O*@(
M8=)V+UA"&#-P#CVP=X,C?R[1+.V=-TXJ$)]@!DIGD!WR%YIMTD\A_GZE9IT
M:K$J+%EMT?WF4(R2?* HH6):R2VE@'FE0RG/WL*H;;MH
YM4=_S.1#2\.3!

MYR9(^M'
_O!
6J(&M=JGTX/NQ')&=O%*FQ=_^[STQ'!&?X[;J9'I7[0
KA
M#5BO5]G\4W@)S3)X@%X=@%QY#X$XV=RE-


MV(A1H(T




MV?B&!&AP8L F;++/



HV*=
M)-%'TA4?BOQ1'L]!=F? DQ/JGCQW3)*&H3[D3L* 32]&ZAJ.ZE(MI#A (IYK


M 2I.?.[




^@'Z4


Z.IU/I



MGQM8_@P$'/U[(

=H

##N<=L'TA*
M^8R5JLNGUE&_&R]Z<U402/EF/!\4XX)&4OA8WK^



MQUC^(H4]
51-G)@O^8


M&N'P.')S?WUE..5VWGDER:_U/&C-21]:.ETB/L&BS_&H\A#-E]\)ZYIBN?
MZT_]NUZ

M^OD!L 5R8@E0#-3ZT2/@2
*YY



^KDHS

MI&HM/)FHL!FP)658]^&-*$



Q/'4MDFYJ+M198BOVDJO5KR\:[9&

M._3*S=Q*GIWTXW4*&^7K3^6W9W_WMWALOU]XY9LM7C TTGX-(Z&\ M/Y;E







)LW@9(BJW2!-
M"G /,S/+T-U84,R4S2\CLD2X=IM6'*SLTUHD1_\Y.X)X UO7.[6L*Z)
ZQ


W':5GG)2CVCKIFR!S\\_.
M  -[D4A)O!8T<U,67]@3XGB0V%4'4U$I!#8;W<J'7-BO3C1@$G@\8D0W#I1

M\UJ@N9L

M(3P\9:0D8&W*?1
Y:M'


#/.$XP?1X22Q%
O^#95+0BF0:#V*O) 5DZK@X37-
M##=0G



/QZ(4W
5DH_/V5^MR@V

M!_PGSZXW
&AX WFW




MMO#6NEVZTRJU 8@T56D

M^^6V8NJ'XB'23Z\?_/S1WQ<FQ2*Z/N+S5?@MA8
MMI1!Z#



N[! SNNT
D#
6#\LVEE9J1$U? NNI


U
MY+Y!?JO.








FU-3BP.&V.6(O*:@TOXD* LO)+PF 8\TWF]WSK2G$6!


MN?V8)9I)F5!8O\*Y86S4*IUS.9?6%F#^'


MI5FU)N\V:.



;+UOZ9
2N3!Z:R
M3*)

OUQ6**0\AH:S38)3L1IY





F\TW?_L
AF23 66;8^NE]%)QO8_ %38;N
MCI]W


Y&&;PITB;V3

M- B\6
D'GUOB4M##]XC


YL[-YQ.8F5UU1:U2@I1YB9LMLKBHMTP/JZA_52%*FB

ET]JX*L[12/Y8
MF?LH?S] U43I4DW*6B+
\^7W

%
M'0\
25?Y'!$II9EOOE['1UQJ&B$/JKB[VJXKCX#E5G[QD0-ZC5:Y,G+L,H1
MFE#FEVOK8GUT4YV0FD-

M
M&%%BHZKPZXZYHC*S=VRIW*=NPY






&IH6;[

M=S2=4PK)9]&RFZ[2
MP-W3#EV+8EQKHUA3?6?0
IYR_=L91%]Y4YSP

M7/'*-)0VG@
T






1S

MB!_6J]L52]C=+(9X%:G59K_Y3!GQS8\)6%5PY;741+)
DS?8\N!@FP(.BZO#




MOK @=T




MZ@DE271S/PC-3SI\R

 9#@P
M7HBN[1:GH8OFCD;^/!093?@ ](0U=V*O!* F9)WOH*XHT'!)RS#;
QZ'1
MY'I]12F#XD)]Z%4GH$Z;9*D(2 @Z-IE5RY(.$R;YZ?0)!L 1]65D=U?%FZ
M9UY^L&%V
QUZ)V6&659M?O4F ;X9FP1%RT? ZL*!11_:\WQD4F!!NI0ZM'LK



^

M!^B/E9Q
(H&ZI2T@@ER]JU*5+0W0T *$/Q%OJ@TL$1ED(CX%F1G6PARBE_K3



MJ$.&9P4@

M.?FC\?2;EF;C-83$

MF[MTJ09LK#WJ221=07L2[!'C;R*UJ8&CO(H8N/&6)U)868);:;L[AB#4?H7H
M
7H.)WG&61)M?0]3A2@L=$,HF,&;N9L?L5GYK0NML






XLHBI?U\4]7DK_8O=CY]NE!K[3(LF
M956-ML9YJWM.:#


!V#
7):+@0


MTFI


NYA)F9X-[1R90U[4YZIV;GIGT;NZFI\.B
M4XOZ.&VW%E99X-\F1&AUH]PX4_.EZ:G.VL6:]MY]!)ZNC81@)
NS^/[RY?6*




M\57[8Q#KT2?T)#XAG+T[41HM 4_A:^XPC*T#26]:6IJ!KJ\XB9FE^@9[]AP
MNXT=40%,']*K&5^,SLF(^\MB8U:M6B\F#*2MI1%KVH)8?GCTL:FE)4.AD)]
MK)O21/WM5Q
AL6%P;P:%6&%UY3E?8CB%IS$5R5P=\(6BP*)\:24I#MJ&5$1N

MA)8=3L&9Z$.$)G_MQ=1ES=;LR1Z+Q#?VV\ROU\&,8K68TP_A1:1(,C'+KW+
M@OK0PN]0N$GT_K:]OA&:'N?I;):YH=F: 5C_ZCW!2_^SZV;YPD[I7NO5J R
M-Z!\+^F]6I?W.*R/E%A/SR6]M\6%.T/YFP3:N9U@[^V'I/?#:E%3DO#*/2B?

55M6#Q[Z?#HQWI



M5-QY0'(





T2PS)O

XDNA/_)1-

MA_+V-

M\#
--
 $N\-%])%MH5B\




M_?@8(W


M'L3V)'61S

MC^F^_L5IPR2WV8(C!B[5@DE3_
):7)9P=R$ A79[N$SEIK2[18+
UKW#JW0-

%DFL

7






J:RI!%\? 15(:A84LX=KR@(





8ED+
 2^B%Z\

5AK%Z?MN70V?^W\%20BEI#
M(&T7)I^Z*XX\;N:B:GC5( /7AC-I\VVO +/\#@PH=$IR2A_+H'UGDKENXI)
MJ.*?H?-HI;6O8),D3Q^FQ0@^+- 4UB9U3@P.3FB51F?G-\0;R?*0%4H4V]0


M)TV




M1[H.X(R8(-5!8Z5MM:&&.QSXEEML^ZVY\7K\N+S6ZH+ 4CO]B (PPI.2,
M 4S1J8!R^\W%1NT/[X]Z?5?_'#2_
.+0T

916QMX@@WXE

MGDVGCAA?
X


W-]0*X9%=






MXA+^-!D.







C$4\3

0[/;7\:+VN8 KKSK%W+XF?F;&O //2S;$!/C(?N

MRDUC(_?

'?D/.H-AQE(-)M
B+;];/+1M'NY3X$9T$

M.PO;3K U1R:^


M9(8'
D?TPYV
.1(F?Z0FWHY237*OT:\9(R-TY\
\4+
MOZN?LV!. XV-I9GX;Y SPQ23F@VFI.@X
AJ3^B+K&TU!D(_(F0$].N;)+X1
M3V]&,WZ6I!G1?9#]$GO0W5(H_FDDS?KY4T +31?[]*TC3F.&KLF9OC[R5I
M/)WD.V3V#E' ,SR0.5)?R)F(%S]/_=;72)I1SBK2 4M:^7$\&8G0F0VGQ%7]
M%_]T29/_^9*&! @DS60ZI'ZR3M),99_0=&^HDF8&HZ%3TLQ2OF3Y(+-FS&3&
MUH4Q8_NW-D].9L84]+!]2W#)*/F@'LDS7@JC)ZZ#*(M'X29$S6C(=-[;
G@
M=6XYQ


M_728!V
F&[#P?)JH&:

M]L9.^9_TTA3?].^:#D:D\^^7-;





MAF9X('



-_Y75

M$]F. 9F+$_IRAOO+2[:G3=II2D8T^;]HSOG8=YN1(0\PH_%X0JZ-=)R
\I28
MT2Q)!R.B]'XV=AQD(J:\^S;\+KEM_
RP'2S(3]IM

EA(;LFDR$VD^;)@-QJ.44N<#IC1U3LO]3)O'M
Q\D&0O?T






M:N]UL\MV@U)KDPNT&26RN-R[3)RILW:A)$LJ






@
M7*WX+8

86K7%JP)912UW H!MV/-,DA
M1]1PHB:XH(<.1*.77#D9C4:-C^TX],'KONQG-?45A
0BBO!QE)[]]&RV\T2P<5 ):M  :!/U&3+G8B796A#4\7Q=7&\TEMERE


CY.N0)G8Q(?

ME7




*A5 93
R1BG1H2'(!V--]=1JC-%06#LY*[-\


A@QQ_S=A?F


ME0%MB.GW-X0+=\ZX=9]NJO6\]X:;L;X!2

MMV0PR6E%HE7$L]'+$I[^SW?

RHKI+J

%N8GFA]


65? 
?74QCKC%L/PC\($[B[[?9S

QEP#Z31C2Z#BI-V$T$8&P;YG!2^?6Z.7W5^-^GO<EV@%


MSX__\NXGPM$&?OCQJS

MFQ**MT&W=V_BK@;^;421G-CG
2*YD1R:B6[KWO5B==$-)4GM(9=^;@#Q[SJ'

\QJ/;^_D!H.NQ%^PZ6A9


MCSOZ85NNW9

M#

J@F$OU[=
6(V&
M%Q[EM*8NO@PDNO-0$VD/I0#&CMVXG75?OP!I7KF?R0M7._ODIKH -(/32]VF

M:!@:==.^8)KE/M.&XIG\%\ M7=?2&I+4@\V*\4E/W+PNBN7GI/?NZ/B(CN@X

MQ7J+@#[H^U
R%NZ3Q$*H(#B]C.$VQ\WPH)7#MJU*;:@&1]=^*)8V?C?4%
MPJ$40YJD-7R,'GB;547M/$ -S%]1X -_1!!,NBP0F(&P0 J'W:^K#:7IR0I

;-L%IOXQ9JKLNS2SX




R?^3H2&[B_








:[Z&6V:3R ^$RM)#-*0Q$$15.P_'
H0]_^/P2K;PH_@M\=7%]C[<];'K^6<




@Q&3/T')N+=


S2T6
MU .+2JR%=A





M1[T?EPMJV0O+_;ZJ.5YRB6N:1#
G 4 ^+G^GTTRM@-U-91I##)\YA/:@:0R3

8




U& O.]JS1?C[LJ+^T.]LV]'[D




=



A%YR\&-X_
M)]XUNL

BC!=Q

PO$TF^/M1,3ZT$6J94=K[D-BPK5R1!$9/=:ZG)#X



MDKYE^)5S#-QF_5?I.47+[MS9[A:5@$J]Y1=H*F([PTE*)!4Q8!
/KV1[^ML[
M8F6(O9/WQAD?/Y/D86V:[H%;PQ5


%S@0Z -KR8+;:BPA9^$1-E]?-XK


M'UK'J 5


VYO






MCV$78#K2JR26
3W+LL]6M61SK[=+W*?P%WF.@HL'PP&R-JR
FUBAQS)NB$B_
M?N0+^-LBU(H_K*XDI=O.RB_S(!V8]])K4D JAYF0!(YXQ:;=;Z!3M CFAKOW

M8N%8\M9QHHT.U[@$UZHWU37MXL5XO5=9Q?;A/\-



I4(B%G-H6(S?-L(82@


[]MD[[+%V)&Z*BZOX_^0*]E86//8%

MF_=


.)1#




%-U#]
T.3+G=U!B&&0S^+!]4+$;
MA;K-P_!]J
4D3C@C]:'KT+P?
BBN31W0@:29Y\=#,;B7WK5K@Q9'4)P8OW


O1459C6$





3T9

V!3P-^1L731^
&'WWV@4U
MK%P%RC 5M+\X;;AV5C2D9T^3UBV=.PASQX?EX4FQI,=_H/'8FZ1@;6\)
^Z0


2.QN_$-\VX=F8.K+67?&EV1]#V+_)OMI\\&?




M;=&@C\#OC)ZYA2\;MT


S/NN1\
MYAIYQ@K18WE(?BV?
[T@ )'1T85R).\*TMPHNS3R_6H2




M##UK. IM





=CN7SG:3NN:TKCP
VB
ZH-?S
M Z[P-941KJ6 $@$: ]6'NW!9G
.$4B&6



M'EH%OLVC5





7BWZ^ Y5FL)DEJ\@3$;]3$K1[5O9[TW%OMAT\0V^

NA\+/M
M77PN*4?]4N+F_$;'HME)Z;89=X251DT

M R)=&X\.!
.N]0Y
NM-=T?7(C:SM#A3\J9G3ZA


XH-%O30V^V'E;)-5[XP
MN!P+?GOT 8_\\ 
&_@7EB\ 




87NZ)$!G0^ ;+ZI
M@6\GU*SWHUH-#P!$+@S
C+4GNPEDY -F+2B(8=#5


M9T:C(F'-G7UNG3Y8$K14LX@%9R8F0@Q2Z)MPV2HB
QDSAE (16D%S1/Y&R%;
MTZOB=7%;QC.+S ]BR+KXF$[


MM97I(\3%&O2J.=?7BD*L&6^-;\9S;-ICIUYHAI7)
CCEEIT

DI




MAUM3!9&LAT)WL 

AQO-:Q4R?XY56A!7[

314_1?D1 A+DJO%YBRET#JF3C*C6U

['86.;@B;1?D/J;.F1W


MTU!-;?8K
-3^4^(]I-S4.RP.&@.)=O/!H'?^[S^<O@($^2FQ
M!?00I21
J-ES!K:1/)(..'2CIC$$SJ*XKXT36QPJ4?6I26*/FB$XPYC-XM=O
MPV8WUKUCQ623[%NE*/8-#=M+Y:LM9?.N&*)#?@O9QT5[^^.7T:[9OJI&37[H
MY#4=*1%A7D9ZTK6/YB
?/@@7
ZB/\I0@!S


;W(
MC0^(TLW) (T0[XVTW?


MFEG^R
[PM175:M]59.)%I



M+D
Q$.C1!IGN%V0\*)YTBU'LD2S@(8I5H$MD.2$XU[H#+Y2U7E-0FGA8&KI_
M[STLMV7FJYRXX=



Y/GIHB9T$_DZ[

84;+3@ZPG1^






M8]08R?^OO^N]I02(%%TC^:WXPG;I:?L_MP2O0FUC:K;[Q!7/K4HH(X!*ZB[#



[NO


M8HM5'+3WDH-TG'_J11W-(N(7%QS:[FA
9OTQVJ
%^]/R.FE[[1.-J7X*7OA6



[QC[R





MXL

AW3L:98MN%J9SAW?&[^C)T?+H








MIY
I6Y))2@8@?AI
P*'?-YIS$=U#!&3.&LCHIWPH!G&232%?C*NJY8AJ7%5Z

MWPF76XPH'_5Z;G8Z?KXBL7S:%7E
6?VC_ 7=BL83[_7^._VH^K%?!VD(+;./

MTVL\D4

M]3NI Q877_R04XO F')17J#-G&O9DB)9&+72 RWIY1UI21:@8WTM.'ZIC:

MN!K-F).R)Y[+*@@4=2L]+


TRXY'@&H]J



_PU)5RN+J+&GSS* -06S?MX
;OUA^3AH&;:I+N'F'(Y]

2$V+F

7]+#+_1/[XXY =L2]H)Q3TSVHN'(4
M[(#.$4VB.'N/DBI3*$_TDYY.AI/H4U3]$/;$1 Y%%]6]$TCM9D-NK/HOU&UM
MH6YGU


8$D\F_TXRR0'EF4:/CKJGU
M




%%^G^]&BC[5@5N6C;]K
-TYEY[%V$G-M





CN'5

6?]QUEAD20_=2;PWQ$7( I#B.FT%NZB-G9FD-Q4E#.


RG@W'G+F;(90)




3L\


MLK1]/$J61]W[?.
VCFDH]6QMFUNGA;IO=MF]VFPR9(QVW!!6?F4SC=9.'0*Z



M=ODLRW2
3&BU-I[T*?598\_9P!LN*^PF2.%O6XC2;^#H0NG_9D5#(Y&TG*
H
M=$;#(5H%'R3LJWUCD-JED?:'LG@=QKAY1_U%CSAR?Z(P53R8?(*7OFW'2T
MZ@_8:3625)N,$AX^2E1:+@%;<7+1=
$U^U7+=T_M:=
?\;YENE4QF.GV)MF





1


XW
0T8X
%YUJ[%^MKH5N3D.'60?Z$



DM(/ E]RB#X9[Z=&?


/\24X9[+J#+
X$*%I/


4Q'N)W^T8[7#/$ T$PE
MJH!MU2^&E?1'AWZS\?\?E]MZR\WAJN756HJ$F;3\VSX&+6I'Y:4P\EY_?!@Z

M/I66!][3)SYWJ)D9_D :CUA


V92@2W+SEO?*C7Q3P'I[

M:W=J


Y]]Y\4L642I;0=
5.)TZW*'\E

0:'<S] Z+-O9H W
MU6D:?A)A:/R_[+WI;AM)EB_^*HFTUC:!9S8Y+UX0+:7*5NV=9(=A4:@S\N

4\RCS)#?.$EM&1&:2DJOZSK^!;A=%9L9ZXFQQ
MSN^TAJ/C7BLD,LO[JQVCP)D_7H^N.M4W?2]DZ.3D6W1N#']GZ]VMW=4Q9:


S&]
=(N**O






MY*];(Z/J





;Y9P8P\EZ)0BXK$V&3X8_8E6:G#(KU ZY\:PQS(=F)JMN^;()^10
M]QJ
7M6T=54QFT:MK
F^ BN[/U4TC39M7KI7A36@
*WJ@S!&D-D_[Y:5/@GR

:)@8D43PRQU1
'

M!&+T*Y=::%UHEGK-ZVQJHKZP\Y8W/V?*T'7GZNE!F90U**\&  ABJ@S&GY




SH7_)_?EFEU


R\I4





 


MU[ ^0]EO&6H-U3@[XI@LWJ=B]F[8[MVR5#$-?8A-ES!02N^6 ,*((]6U

J=!?#JX]U\

EW

M@BCN0XF?L?AOD8/)?86)A'CFX/0] $ IF-QB0#@^^M^'VNGRW\]_@,SR

]F6)Y=B

S  +\1K/X;WJQ?WT\F0C$XH

GNCF/TT(^7CP/\D2='%U3#*


J'HP+KUR@1H.T=]3E

.:?^^B^OZ
@

M3*FDS'5-


M82Y_C#YMJMO=(EK

D6 5$@?GW_@J:SNL:?W31V\T*&$8;/PK%

3'.

M+Q6I=!O1)UGN5ST00ZXE.HL*A6XOF&5_.Z0U??2C%(77T59O\A@K7X_HLG^
M6*+)@&BR,?D4!,E,9,F^'!(4#R9)$&WVI#\^@FH2;-I"=97F_Y5H)D.5
MB6A&?FZEF7$Q9)J@3QUI9M2/






M*E7BC

VZ\NTE=YH2

OIZ+WCH


/


!^[SVZ@=:-:Y'9=4J:28#+1TQP7:W

A
M.R!PU(OW'ZQZI/.L1T+$G8JE^T)U[0KH]92.^( B!%ES61)ST%RZY+T9)U
XL'8;_B#-H (2U1IN0YYG*0A<*<! /<)

^)PA[90TPV?W%C(43!7ML00=C
MA2



RG6=ML6LIQB031BHR1)8B
M*-;;W/U@'_T+[&A$&(DIY+4DE/F8DA=UYEQO:83&,9UW]7/@DKDW
?OU9R
M3J\@]O9&JV ;PVE!!


M_3)CS.TQHB^CTQC!R?&=_7YMC-E+C='TG8@QYIW7
4MH+$J;MFJ8RHMYLCL0
W)7:$K
.L-;#\&JY-& &/-EM1!#
MI%I!:!D8I3@V 1L;$ME)ZP(5@(.N
8$#DUVVNQAZS)K.3]C857-'DVU;$S4

ZVNIGIU


M0


\I4X5G-N&






(VW3V(H\%I
M5V@WP&/YH

MK3#BQ4BM.Z

4S#*/ .LSV(\M*%&

- MU]7T9\O_ZIG:C*8Y]:[

M\I##/S?TZA/





V(8S.FR=8-B@#1$\P;#57?21T23N9

M%P(JM
E$6LP*AD#(CT;)[5Y.B;J%A%6#OXZ 3[]I:#3.B4]QJG'J*5MIT +P

@4?+J




3EB








PR7U#D.L
5#Z.Z83TQIB0/Y; S6
&#CN(T
'1J18&L?H.)/-Z0\\B
M\%[
/



BC3$5ER@+ZRV
M5DJK1

D4M]'


MR:P78'1DE
M!J!.348[0-HM(-'6Q2/[6%\&?7]V%420\D0J@CV(R?Y2_FJI@'B%3=\R -(
M5'$HD'O+:%KDF=/B%;2Z7.2:R@2?+LM=:]C&I$]5)9=(D*S4N.I@/@(H'
MD






:83

EQZ\@Y

GD[D5MZ:
M$W;BN4ON?8M8Y?WW+76T41UQUH6]1E3
JQX.:?*K(+OJ\%#V$EQ)!;.Y
Y?:





U5SH&!9\ZS)T'+E^0V*#-XB9O*G))9&0
MF3;F2Q2Z?0&#+:.U1&/17:[GK?]'CG3_AZ/N %;!?QN(3N9ATXJUZE_6Q2
M& ELE%
HN

M&PB4S/;E5Q)\W0
EW\_68J (@RH33I5DK3&G/O@^9YCIO]QBTKOE$
;
*2/E
M%P!0L7B0L8PR3 ;.R&NK=?)NSII=U+D.*U39L;R&
IR=\U!V&S#/=:X^I^(=

MN7#C2H9.


/PZX



MPVW5(^


M1M2+2O@ZI5MJZ$VLL::MP['88-]=7JHM@?B7O9O)98I9$'BFA?BZFLT8:@

O!S(S56^N5C.TD 18D0!76I9FS 5@VL:8 IH&[5N&\*
M\R 83,+)4M!?EA8K?E@0'4G(V 56G.+NV3'!6$H(!L;G6R??*J1]-2Z.].#






MM8G!;?Q$\Q6]&]]QM@KCAR 6@2DC-!2!H 4L9: D!*Y9A/$8LLZ*P]XWM%ZT

''&#!BBJ
K


$% 4HXV$J$VU*P]!1%9XK

EU P@W
DJVC)92ZXF _)7@EK+%C'
ME_EZM200Y28#YPR1

?5T(Z&-?':$)4

 ]]

,1@$!0F0U:3;'


@5

H3/FYY/5
3U& 4'^8%9P$)SYC+$8*;N
3
M0::@[G/&G]
A)ZE25FBFCR6F0P9,FA4P%4_2N?IF-V53WN!(D#+S;J1T*J
M6)YP'(?Z*-\$ERRP$\3O+G^K-AA7)&.
X/^_B%9 /#-8(
(PR=_@\R778.

M^60X








%&T@P;8GM8



*JQV

OO8*
:=ACJC,CP-:G=$'91G!OG:1-=S&6E._-;
MV?8&VH[4U:4A7-J?.#7:FU5P.UYR385[9K;&8?ZQ\1BD0_ _?;!R8Y5IG(#K



Q):-@NP_8(*D


M7U%VL*F#TL*0Z\Q^T&7U;[(@&A;-8JV:XU77%=JD*FKRLN6[5'C^W]V-=Y

%9HS
MIAQ!/Q*G@NX
_=S
]I.14A/\ )T2S[/I&5*';Q-A/KR?&]JPY2V62CEYY3








$

 -H







MC5FC2J\#Y:]7N[M[/YH&5XV3#:KNVQ.-C.+N**-SN)!V9'[BCB(^NC?0


MM= .Q$J9M0:L1X(J5FL[?1WNTQQ5].[#Q?6']]')AP]7U]'QU=FOY^]_$G^]
MNSQZ_]?HZ/UI=/WI^/K\]/SHZOSL6OSP_O3L_?79*7RZ_G!Q?GKT$5ZX_GCT

PY9)-?4A2&E*DZ(AOIO)^+-A:%IV1(4.V@9&Q_U$
M%JI.1KE1DZH/II*L);/!WKOI%]@

A-/5.&DS]
M2.CUD
-/MM\


MFC0?^Z?;A2EKM*&)^J\[-@T()12-,=6Y%60C@=GC+(RKASC(@2&E:P])A





M
T-\=:1*D*KRBZ


M9G'Q8I)&T4D:D-D!44 C?
5CQ NX8L7-4[YU&2)N=:
J](TO+'49'+DCC9

V8UPGN5#(I:29@-'@ES82$7OI,#'-
MF&)UH5AQD!?J;![4C(QL%2NZB7K)WCWTR!I1F-F]#'5WR3
$R%J\HSHW;9D
MH#LQ'63B*;[;&PW9DAF-X*3M+6KB@@L
%RPOTIS4=&P81
TD#5DRLA1I3NO2
M@Q+


(JZGEZS.*#@[R%G
MT+P5E#C$W4L*N4
\.[!7\V9)
\G1H$G)%LIC-AAZX^P 


Y1/@MO@CY4L$4
M949OC'9(*IT=

MBSY!+ML34G4T5BR3QE=+N@714XM.8%QC5!L&N^!L0:R\W(-O&4[EVN /IQ)
M ?P_GV0:07HYM]/0GA_%2('OYQ





#
0V
P[]N4

CD8:['/A9QP'
Z+?477Y SVX!Z@NZ+44_RF&9( C
MA(=DHB.

XFXF\S9K X0MH+FB=I8FB


&@P
=!C/O8K.JA?9Z#29A.Y/)@2YBHZ
M!8I-Y]%GI&5-11BE0VM!-9GS%F@,6F\\;?5=$;,Y8;I@$1)P:LI S;;12^
M
9(:N\AA26











Z$T;NP$UU-U]BBHSH$O-?T+% ;@5R*B!EHD/!


R#BCREWY
)-Z8!\NH$?/


X2E@8CK,24I(B(9L
M



$)O()
MJD/@7*/2F^@F(@$.\3_)PAPXH$YYVW%R5A'0R43.NB'^@
@@J*0UPS G%M%

M\S'G @PS=@1


M9%2J3!S)

MWXS]



+C=@;$OO'

%!





M)[M4

M1W-L34
!YT3T%[&0L]6#$\U(M%/_^KUB6U^KZC.52Q'BIE3\Q^9Y@5;%=(]W
M\\4


MYW;^&Z+TAI\W2'@J

MWT4Q!





M@+TW


MY[\(*WNU$]9Z=+.NO@IMM&^ +$%7F=E5.9U6SBKHIL9E/$ Z'[X;0DWGUX

ME@9E'[OE0$?V$RTO)%163-BFM^6

P$\#GCMZC%0E*)^'/*N^Y5 .<[I=8?4%

)7L #HT4






A4_8WT9WV


*

M#H

RG


.W&C
Y8F#-8$V+
?PMLX#,3[4M9NZ.VA


W]

0R0]
5N'?@[J6#

MN-@?X;+D*:K8

G.;M



M:E835QJ_6([ #AP=AR_I!:N85=NJ?(@NMLX%+MV';XV+'
X]C':/*_#$S;?.
M;9OG@'D637)YXNW*_T=)JHWM60


.&_&-!$7
MDV[.I

\XF*7_;CJ(?%_-;-[0*
M[U!EV/+Y V@ZF^CB

8/'1BGJF;C*V*#JA4XZ[Y4/GO[W8DP]*.?

M4S)Q%?5.SH]/7IO#NU)YR#4.;EWP-D0+'28 O*+I!F#W9()U'\^C8Q!B %WK


HB.ZG=Z\XTI-6JW38)=
M&V.:[2@F!&-030+EH&2US]5\G$N


YL

M@#$C

MA5)XB80P




MJ--@Z&^P2$1(;]2WY6\&T(HK*W$[/HJ'X/\'W'!5;Z 'O^OQ5'PGU&_'F_26

3IKZU
5F[
M0Y4I=-YH EUU&.$2 &A:.S3%;#Q*Q#(4_2'F59Y]]'-QL46&ZPM%BMG3#F


X38

O'=A



^[[CG'-WF57@9H8[6Q:KM=/@M=!

ZOF
M&/B?J]G=_O-LV
6K:J:#8SNS?J70WHSN(R5, Q?R,'PY+L655VHG'
9$ M
M;4*=;\!$NZK*S0JR
)^B2[%'N!M--H^M]

Y.
MGTQ:5-KW=_3[WWBO4LZO41Y<?YO!:]HGQL&-*/_B3/L3E?@KG0ZDJ< *9=)


]K0J/'G;-P9C4B&
M+%?

MEK3VXO




M]XF3Y5T%7 +G4(J-0\6RF!C 2W4::5].V!!F[1=ENCR@EH!=)UD1LGQHAC^?
\==TOE

&*#MJ:HRITWCM/6@:[!EWA$[8


M\1;-W#^A(SSC]/FXD;[JLP*GX=VZ%-IC29=(F*]!_GC/U-2M[B44:L7Y4.D3

Y@

M% 0=O^$TU;?EM#(R;S8TX*DQ!\K








M2$6),.M1#3:T(,XO98']U+@70L]-&I_$:W6A^ATASO2_&XV!CQRFH'.=GA
M!3TQD6L%!:&^Y8EX^6FUFB'2)E[WZ !B#E!0/WM(



T
5\BGEK*GV;^)HG[_SP-\


MD7
H'Z:R[)0LGU%G%V^A.4=4T\2OP.Z*GT7O_
M0$(*0-#?0# ZO=+3&.\R*)#1)5WH

MD9F=-]SHU7![T

K,PKW4
M8+^\B&*8&J0L.P0CX&


M1J*YA+P#4R?.W8]XY$%^RGU?CMPM&0Z&OB^3U(



M-#KV_A;5M\:;JP7'^+CZ$ET
+@=VLJ*.\SBE]KY1G(FZC12LZ$:AZ$J4$UH\


MPIV



M]1/-30_C3?

I#&%;SNS+%:WT)=

M5#NQ-&0M&ZL);+%%1CYK#\Y^VX*/#WKR\BJO&+;Z\@5%?)!;27/M1Q0@?8K_




WR^T;BHUOM$MM8-8V9U3TY/@%7X0/_]3.@
]^@PL!CRM7
U]]O<<_M[3H9LQ1


M82YFO9F


(U



CO
M]!:%EH3VTB3!<&/055

_J 5$\H1%3TCM$KH

!#!I

MONC.N


MGS:X;'0K*XQ1*= .J)[H'B\




I1XJ;9-4I%.QVRH0M!(EU8J90CU7E?T=.G%K:K
MRE!VHZ3M)7LK^1N26QB\N^%MLHB;U?$H5.P6TM'76@-3VXI=F;F!=21FP7@




B$U(W$H^%T .'K1_Z6FIRM([_(MNBF7W;)




8:U5]




'Z4WPR'ZS*88S^(^3!;Z
C2!
GZ_QHL5@Y-V6!VUE0
@

SM#@


O/SUD!MZD#


_0+
^X8!*04

M\'MPW;Z=;X#5@O^['_T





*




MYD-:;%Z-SD+CH&8 S

MC9V_5+0)X-1D\.%SJV44:N=R7?D@UI2'RW1HVE 7X%FT 0![E:HQ^TB5J'T9
:/[6_U2X1


M$0 8\8(K)%I?G*%L0%Z_AG[?5&)^[.$D;QNA^V\\\GZU%&NT%(-0AFO]$5S@

N

4KW$OM]?#T=?Y]CXZVFU7#X(DIN*8+ZNO;O#D3[L2*X9X\GW4


.Q%P62N=F0_=MC^O5;#=5X]J4GF-5IZ
^


M51\7U@U+]C
JV1_+Z@ZR


U_1@4F:,VD\)K[-) (
M*!97WX!QAC$)#'.4%<



M$D

M[ZZ;UY1X;T7;W-2'!.%?&U0$

MIQG
=M; )F/I
@G +XPMYQH=Z:@6


X
MQYE_DMUMN48FU^7



M^:R#+4ATYB.
^?R$98$'P.$:EI8JIR#\+SU4C\@)%0I;=4NTF6E96F[5%&Z
MB Q=$62V1&%G,=/W,3]2QC))-T!]NK:S-4UWJI*W:1[0=ABN[+_YRDY1UU
MI_G$97+#K9^$HCUU.E7]F9QM9N!#_E2YU1U#$ZGX(!S.@%NEB!?PFG'K@.P




MQ4P^ T:=_2A=[M=IJ W:W]]_Q-U+!;/\FERC]R6U:?5X1'JR




4     #5@4M(2'4%[L4    K @  P
M    @ $  P  7W)E;'
O+G)E;'-02P$% ,4     #5@4M(9T+AO7P#  #[



M   ( -6!2TB97)PC$ 8  )PG   3                =,.  !X;]T:&5M



M A0#%     @ U8%+2%C)R
 / P  -@T  !@              ( !C2   'AL




L*




4     #5@4M(1R#;@:,!  Q P  &0              @ 'N5


M

  !D


M@4M(#J1NN*

4     #5@4M(4PU8 Z,!  Q



M532B 0  L0
  !D              ( !NF



M /L

S N



2YX;6Q02P$% ,4     #5@4M(

M:&5E=#


S


M:&5E='

&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S:&5E=#,U+GAM;%!+
M 0(4 Q0    ( -6!2TBQ3TD<I0$  +$#   9                ?AY  !X

4     #5@4M(Q%0SW:0!  Q P  &0

X+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( -6!

M+W-H965T



YX;6Q02P$% 
4






RYX;6Q02P$% ,4     #5@4M(:QIP


4     #5@4M(=V[
[\!  ![!   &0


4     #5@4M(-&W2@$  *!0  &0              @ $A



M     ( !









&UL4$L! A0#%     @ U8%+

O






M%     @ U8%+2-B%%
H5!   ZQ
  !D              ( !N=0  'AL+W=O






M970W
YX;6Q02P$% 

M% 




 0!X

&UL4$L! A0#%     @ U8%+2'0PMV)%0  IS\  !D



4     #5@4M(Q9* ;QH   ?!@  &0

M Q0    ( -6!2TCQT=N4= 0  .@6   9                90[ 0!X;]W


*I-7OT!


N2:N!   \1<  !D




M A0#%     @ U8%+2
 *3)!D P  U X  !H              ( !NF4! 'AL





M





M='

#

E*MN


M







M





M='

&UL4$L!
M A0#%     @ U8%+2$? KW7=#0  UD  !H              ( !DK ! 'AL





M

M ( !T








M?D+!+)S[P?-_??CV\-%XL*ZN/OR?7__W/_^_CQ__KWE__9
@?


'^?$G]=/Y%]8^
%?%4^3CQ^]
OT9'G\2<E7TB\U[V%S
(PBO$_E^19

M??O9SA=0




M+]5$_O/GTM_)EO5S85UGX33E82(7?G(1^Y+?7K3P85^Q2D#D+/A)X_887+

VCF^4CR+7&MDDM!._2)_#



M 9H[7A1@7K!JR:OE74YD=Y*FJ=NC=/

QO!FH\-J11OYB3&;K9:K!3EG=9N\H(@\%J$7PMPW
M=(4#^B4:)0QJTSV1H/3H_B)$I


MT&%FVW$AR5
M2I!FN2:;U=I'&I&O9'



M\MV+T%6 @X)G_W&!C#A&R6E

!DQ783K):@'8F9)F N_
MD63,40W#/%H0)UGEX A+ +4=HW8D4 ,!G]&.!IGO&!O-*KN-0.1CU/=VPI!_
M(]8V)!H$%ELB 1KUH7'G+18H&3\Z]N@$@)PB!7AGQXK*G:) RATD\V.MLPX

3+L1L\^:C?(%J3

DL5H:V)'Z 2 =-=2RF+41']+



M(61%S&L@5#2HU
-ZP@



F(&GPP16*KNL()


N@



M/C% ]Y\C:#JE%MB#M+G2A.FRVO+Y2)XH#L==(09WS:I5H\1=4]A/ DZ:03@/
M[Z2IWGX!=]V_NZ8A:KO8M $


*8'*%)#=
!F=$!#$M.7]87ZS)CK
].UN1#QLA7QTF!S

MBV





MF9YA;V!H?9/\P7O



#6I%NX-[4X=B;6*(DQN_IC?OG-FKEA:
MR;WM+/!*]E'CCGNHVW;=GZE\$3HLIFU?O7J



H

MT.G:#S!#2UZ3;MA[@3?W/9+SXI5Z],+_@J?K'Y1-$





M*\UQ?E*C
9.NJ+1:MH5I*#T/V&Z[:-MND6WO
)N17Y@T*6CL'4@[9 &;1;A6
MFW\ (A1 I)/F(/$+_V4]F*E[8


W;VYH\/\@+0[M?3$


8T68)LB07.N] 0^BL81

$$JNP^RN@F+[$!;&[,C(;]H!E:/C&*$'74(5E/9GH<Z9.!U
7%@

4OIZZ?+H




M?$VI9Z/7^QV[3N6@&8! GQ!@3O?SIYRT.7)4\L\?VR5M&I:@LHV_$@96&+V&



M
Q-;M.J&[-Y&[($;;_.6W8!6OO


M
)Q?!?$J(D/+[I&_?%Q%
4
SV1AP?2=YW!/&A^Z1;W25E77#' */SW6S;GH2

E8)&%@1N@[RB?4

YU1BJSM
M==

MS!Z4]JSR@1 FHEH\1^U!7RCQT%7BH3#!@:T-6K8VZ @MVTJ)H*X#=1V:D'WQ
MB#M -B[@&R&3PK73*R^AA'^P1#2JN'2JCT132I&MYA=*M64*^@0+&F6:^@



M;.W^/#@02A&@AS\)2E.-Z
++00'9@.R6ZEHTW7E6LN$+6[=M;MW2O8M*@TWN





MQA9ET%![N_3X
=2/IUT_9CBF.!/-DPDH^L4R1!
]5BK &H_;&D^K;@'UXO'5








*(!B:=4#:UL.J! M0!W


B+'P48R=X6(U1W
W


MNP/861Q 

M;$I/D7
6$+E HN3!THFTN@IH.*S?U


B=):,0IS!2IQ!.03 B0SK
M1B&!Z2L-*6LK0.E:I3O)Q0^1][KBS_S%L=NY_[=BWPR(1'S!$4H3AQCH\P
MU/N8='-\O-&*:$[7L=G SV%$8*';.G@=NXF7





V


]41CDFG$WE
UU1

[]Y/)!W@MO=5MTV.XO=V
#?AN#&J!

W*)5
 7O21:%J3'DZG8DR

MUW\KEF%9P=7I
G



MZ
4N9N.*^T'
5? 41LMT0K3Y[OH!=N6^M]C


DAR7MSJGMP5.YL')O*Z[Y:3SG
D?:3Y8E1O8A1&FK'H[H:P[I +R@V



&2

Q.:P HXL1-^

17JJ?X)/'Y?;

V2S+K9JFMRRQ8E^R





(X
QI%148T\



M]/G1P* &D=



$
/+UZ$4HPS+[X*JM@49*W [FX


M

M
MMY*ZPI$M7N8;PI;F%3/%(^ D3[$EOEVZ



(%


M3??IG7B(K]N-K[O8I;^\0K7YPKT7/.\7*C][/_SE:LF\U



//*%


MM@K=*W)G3_G:BMXN4-WMB_3W99(J=3\[5K;4/UI9%75,2W31M]&3WZ YB8*
M\!\2,LHH-N;_6
M#*@2E$@! (E$B!0 ED:
\RZ1((U=MZX!7!*X)7!*\(7A&\XN2*C1)UI0PH



MZ3;@9GD

MH
 6M)U.7 X+J&^-!087[91 L


MPG@5H;C
8S9//AUV0?UA<*IPK<%U%0

MO7:;5:7N#-O2-/
HFC8^1F6X4UZ*45
+T5 RH!\RWP$S1/YX7&TX%-;:HG

M][;-



FX(D/L/P




I/D[6V_6^G33F1(:U[:3)YS)]

+GP+(&7#AD\=ZC9-$


MPHNW:-]\ZOR8+59S/WB^





M=/=[L&O


09_X[J





M\A

$'Z9



_$FGI;_C]:\B9'FO?N(M1@Q!$C.6$3L]L1]U

5)LN+D\YB





F=W6EM
[

&8'Q_/H8_)N^Q^-DZF@&\F


DXI
LV=K


P-FZ
'
Q&'Z.JC;$7G4;$,Y:CCACQD#H?%Q/ $\#0I<.'
MJ)QAPUDC5(HG&4E%4!)F5?2&F4F4-*Z2EI[S PY;WEBC%S5O*YO<;WA4HSI
M5_TQ

MM!B@G(9#JP#SK@_# LXO[ZLO2BFV_7BV.-5A.*23XM'^.[.(E0XD?I#+B]


#



MW8OF!V#=ON






^^XL%_AG\A_W77H?!
P[2E^3UA:L&



 K&(^XM-2#L$F$;B]72

&R'L&S RIJ
EDX





&096IJ^B VZ5



F
LC6UDV GC&)+VWE#]Q6]GB3^'0 R*+1[:JM')01:FVT
M:1_4VD#=
G7#T=[L@G(;.+O:ZE;.:?!N(U$W2


MR$&%+]G?!%7N6I4[V[8$E69;I1L4 X8?9C1U;9[X/:59KJHL  ];WFR@SE


1^]/A5(]6Z7Z@:\PO:@0 SX? 3X
M!J+
9WNP)4*E3VEZ@G1TP

?Q3F@;I^V?_V^B6[_[?DQ

@BO'-XT!VJNKPCHZ0T
M7

)WOPH# @7O
5G+\'&-[X.OT?O;&'D7#-Q
M@FR6+0./+4-O8NM-:SB1)JW)O


&

TBV4 0$





M!#B)X2S#T-L(-6$ ]@  /G% 4^5NL/IG^G50X 
 0 AA[P4!
 8/(G)G (

MPBKI/%8I.\WTK35'LL$JGJ.@C9 %5DGGL:KM?@OB?90O_&?K(0EG?Y'3KUXP




 VUO4

M
X33&.P-1HZ

MR.X)/E1?4P'6B#5K1
-$H':L$:1*0Z9*--FHP[M/ % 
 JKGNU :8H2
??V*





_Z&%G]#7;9TP3%&P!0=F*+S8/DU#3EU#1%-BV5?&P
M&4?!][)ST^$Z'!(S P FZ(-6EX6EIHPVF4;0KMU6I04B7$IVC=JHOZP
M/T/'*I[OBFV)O'@5H5_].)0$7OWEVX.=OR/_:/M6\I*25SX_OE:]\I-Y=_8K
^V\8P[L2)=^X62T1

M-&W]\=D
C&:_TENS<F.;7$?]XML)<]]G/5WSJ]


M+L


MDBXYEJV9AJL(MKK1/JR)'WXBAB5=81Y$\+*J\;RD[_&@@LP!&7(^/W11D#5.
MDBU9Y!Q3
F0%&X


:F!^8!XXK;5RCXAIE
M^H$QQ(FRUE1!
@=WCU[#*

!$&])LFKGLN,-7I(_
M_'H3[O[ZP2_L__Q_H\7BWT'X/7C H6H8H#FY:@)%=0(@53)$[(!Q1KSNJDI
MO+J!D*7+6@''1WXJ7P^I;!%TOR\?PT6-WQ=

*:KC;/3(PB%R

;D(2O'L+8QEB7A4A*WT1-G9I^ZVK $LU#6SN
M_7CKT]PP^NY%\P=2A

Z0945615G0==?
MSDSBL//'_VX+O(*MQ8X*I'FFPJW_\\^?3Y#5D'*IA'+S_08;H0@5#?8\M:+9

2+BJSAP
B03=FT
M.=



M@^-D





KB











71LF17%P7-L2V#
MV#]+U#HE +CQ5+&GUQ4&V14B0&G[JJMB@*GFZ8D$

M1 :IUOR&%G
_
+W@KQN$(R?RAUNL4_
(:\J90K!5TS8M1; LEQ=Q=
TI'(]=






$EC$@U


ME@E4'54W'
%XBK4R6Y!I*QA
B7TDQT5!%GC1*8T


M+=ZV@J







QEMYPUM1WO)6$#KA+:\Y@B/QO&IQCB6[@JV3

M2[

51YS34MFYSV%S!_=5$4







:L



].SK![I^@'^;D%=
M3_:#.:YL.3KVJHYL&J3O7
YJ*X9ID\.FA;Q&VUMTG05=NOS*+%FU;=%U)5G%

3DPK;'QTL
MO%FER.9EUW)X,I&+C.*RU?5 (5(I$J5*BS*]?E^4%QIN/K*NB.GX%C7M$3'




8F\QUXJ8:]B65DBO$K9LXYA
M-F27DWE+$EQ-6I^GPD&9+I2TM^LB=;3?X1@\0HD?I;NK%X-!
$T59Z'8@ FF

JK3XAH&UAG0-N!;OVJ)DF'JN-1:O%!M-

B#8)W278$HEF%A1\YSHNBL



M^CKK
7E%$.UC7=T7$[+_N'5);454%)P!&8:J*F3@ 
XB3#G/\7$65S(G1SHB
MD\I%74Y$E1P$65$Y2=5-PY!-Q9%4;.WS5-_DI!IR:&7QC8HLIF%++IGI9ZB:
M@5'#;VIS./41Y.+8D#.X?[Q

T
8!4F:N1

&5-E&4N#[)L4RH4+^H*[-CJ6B2K
M=25=
1#5'6
M!%GC31W+:)VF6SPYB]Y47 W)VCQW%_EA]#7$;TK.WLX220R



M*

=TSV1U%1Q


MQ:
'Y7MMQU=SR;JKA$!N)G



M$=M^/%N$Y-K(N.33O5:J=(&EA?;L37M?/W7&W%1P3BCR(FD'3@^:V_I:?#A#




HE#?

!YG@$D4FA-5


M;W*Z6IP'7B^2'2WO&ZNZ*BLJ;W&:9IJ.)BN.G)_1QN$PKSK%IB9=IL:J[@8&
ML?E./B!-+/[

F6QQ+\T9\2)I??+


MSK MS;)4RS%QGF5KEFKFHA!Y5QN7.: C
8WSZE8W)+
M6SZ'8/WN<'%R58K+8YKV:)



XQAINMBH5IU+Q



MY0%FXZFB0)(LZ[#-


$^N

:24B5U6I)J


$

M
=G_)=N_YOMO:/Z

F-=)VP[!%V2;W6[BR(9F\85B&QHNJ




M


TZ9@EU5T'KMD_ Z85
!F\:V/Z)

MG86_](

MV







M]$


MN0T__^U#*!N_3&=WX_]91KEOXOCFIBF/;XUO[OYLFDD8S68_5B]5.+G^U^2Z


O[:!@$&=7 L)0G21=49?TRB'H/!+;]

MQ1 \]Z4'L&2)1RRU6LO8#1IEI*VB\8KM8T?^
OCM/(#9DB^&46:9@V6@2WN@
,,+Q:),T2W\[O1U?_4BWS=4B


:%799KM+LGW6O2SR/UPEDJOK(=#4XCZ
M=%(4PEI0G3;I_LO]0FGT]8)=



+1
5IOM59E


E



M

MYBHP#/*
9_#]Z+;$^+XUD_OF
J^T=8$[9*4F$JQ.W-LDNRN-=$:K*ZUW/YGM




^N-Y%RI2G2.+)F.G'G1CI4CO:&8

I'-(?@-)SB#)D3?YU2J*[ 6A=Q2?$4^S?
V] F
Z?-[%D



J=J=##\1U-IO.PG0V

MKMN\X


/RQ-9@O
T46/;VI#O]



;7'SR1.Y%B - 9$V;&]%+3F13(D:Z\




#O^M$C3VY%9]OO)X#D8\4%2D6.U@(O<5.FM:73


MBX/O? 'Y%*

1H5M!UNBQV[3G*[#UWA*Z4[2(@]XR60M;P=


]4\8K


M#U:MIT!EGU[1PM)6 ['[Y#C)Z:&T35XVRV4B^$JVY+I)I4DW

MQ.B[.0&87




G#6GK;5HEW._2B@_:UZ'@^F[7A(LARA)GLA
$($$




MLZ+=7E[11




',39LWU^.[M;/IM?%TZC^UX<_(
'=D9

CY[


.
%AR$-
O'
M/^]165:/W5Z;
]R_G 






&L+JI//6%6/+BOL[I+DVT'ZBD+4

MWYJ[L'!4#LPX(.8LHO


LQ
M;






/MU]


M[J9D+XL@L^GM[:)KV%TSHXM





M^NIC^=3_?ORQ_[WX7/((UJ78LL:?Q?G?3?/'_/4DT_D?W994P'?-U^FL'=4[

]%F_3&G[


M_43N^L?DM7 G;'2WJOF2XGB



B+O1



M;E[&2Z

S'W^:E+]X
_O]?G0[OBFY_VNOI3L[
MD)G(2]5&R@9-(NN?0VJW(2F


M

M3K%F9M-\N;\CS



MP#O

4LK.+10*JKXT%W9V_U7R;7M_[1.28:UP)O@DREPV





MK!7VOVS(#AHM#%'ZH
F_9T2^(Z#!;GI-(H-6&6^NJZRIB\5I6^J
8QZL+-GZ


QP8D

/DD@ A6)
M 


G#%S:I[*4M4SSI(N4E.%JPBLU?FH[!/
RJ6XWT1EC1&(
MGI1'RUYX)K['-Z4O7I)LIYEHJGVDHQ\=TDU(9'RC7KQ;.
$ LJLBZE*OS4-\
M
?@








MGQ:=?6( RGF

M(TID7EFBPV
 EX'/H-D*J33%Y=$BCX(0*H-
6VQT-+FB]L1?K7V)X Q4JII+

M?ASZYQ$T)9[!)O;GKQ$K7$/#;IQ58,EVLM/$:5O$
ND7F3;$;631;4)ML]



U5[[#@&BXV\7'+D+T0Q26Q&@]
9YX 9 F:Z1P2RW&Q7


CZ1Q63-(Q.$%'8Y1(%ZZ'M8JWN[3A+W*'N;1:!$1TS+D:7R+VP


M0F/Z_.:7\;?F&B=TKJY+[ZWN*Z_+E.-/XX^WS;)AM?_QZ^C_3&?A=C2?K^9^


MZ+X
@*F[YJO
M+8U\<_.N^3:]_5;TYF(F&2VL+5I_2O<RY^CY 0EA0!*$
KK;I0O\=MZ-C8S
MFR3;:ZDGE/$D?BY3'!
9P#(D/H'0*JP*[Q'8YN#
2\%EB/_G7
EG3%ER1.8B

U)H
4?.%
O)

M[*31;$+Z;HYW=[/QQ_N[


M

*-%)RT9?[:I#NQ


M;()*/10%B+H\/HZ'+O5T(I[&9P(TW$;+#1
Z9J957 9BZ$@9J'L*ORJVZN7!
M
ZA3CK2H4=L4M
_&)0WM=DS%S%]F1IS?SRH!F:L*0E^2B966+_BCQN =JV


HGT0
7/C


\'CDS$)L:)KPH&

9U^G
_JN7?2
QR!8M

M3DE0HE+4_
6JD(
JMR*9+I804HXV@*$#LZS**




VD@S*2?P%;%QYOR\9I\W9

MO*4;F@Q1*F+V

M]E;2?^L9Y^ZBCO])WI[(F_8LY.R#$9$[CEV VI=NM77&&KN Z
4I7KN5$IG8

+1#H(-3


8K%Z]4


&J(=8MT9\_^/-7;0NE)2@]9Q!2UY\;[\O2MVEP)E  B

L8

U52CX*X]MW!KI+


MVG!C&8EFNU35TL:ECG$I??X
LE
GS?0/LA,[B2$P)'9CHWEPDOJAO^ON+@0
ME^=$^?4F,9FX--;P8,J,2\Y,X@B)59EG)-7JZ#CYPN]\*26Q58;%%68
2



M'!H(%3(%F= 0Q49'#%OXN$*$'+

Y$0KR)9O)
%+3!D(0+]*LVU
M5RFXS#K8A ZNY^ =#[8UX9Z,6AD9\^9F\<<#KVW!ZOUT/GJ(MSS@8\FP.<63
MY]XS5II5+OOF!9\L _<?_WC+V7\]$9)'*S\CGLHKX=7])Q\R1\(FOR%
N2.

:B1=(9

M3$COM.(A)A8
7\:=1=5)FA73QD.-+P@6 YJQ83)Q.0Q1R8L65FN0*_.*L[
M/I!&$?RL-C6=J@+A/LHR!+X)SF3*2PEW:DH16IY7 11U_=2)M498 :0G
M;=(0#9&)=M ]*]

IU\
M*F0]-A_KSO%BX7.4/ZSD+=]_UWY_Y7Z\;R;CZ6RQAIU%V39@2*T(@/T9/M




MT=$Y2

MEXBU=AK'%NSUI'U.H#]

A8B.6OE



M


E2BN2$+6XD2R+=[Z3
M(T2AZ\R1T\CQKKF^OUI\X[MF?G^[\(-GTR^_EC]^O6WZ'X^H.&10FU%\*6L





W;JKP^]I +82
M_+]XM:BE*C_S4_[

M)&OKMWT'FTSNSH4=29IM.CBHF%D$Z9$Q


0C!0&;( ^JNC!2RPNK=X\4 
D0? (JH+*?+
M'YGPN:@ W[*V6%IE5Q5PCND7=4J&#DQ3 3POPQ.QC$UT''T;?(@R6*C8K'QH





M#X9AZT

795=;)^*_R
F<LVN
MH#2%[5_\OL';(X2?DW0\N,@]DZ4HEK-5,#UH2%4X$I@YWJ*/06D5UTC'1A&U
M389IK/K3+NAX[.'?=BQGF.)<)JF4EQFP;


MW& 
7/S\.6'F0EK'_7K
MZ*X,HOAE^N?.%'OPW'F=2\X2!BN(W83E&*-,JB*'BNK(GC2)O:0=@E <SQ?H
MOR/ SX76X^$*S!,S]!#1EM<1[(@H@6+-


4D \^8E%F]HD2HZ\;['[_W7N^O
MH]D?3=F&
)T/; P94&.)0#IDWB 7SB;H7JA

M=V T(6MYYJ0MNW.!4E8^

MF9(]^I_E+($RE6EV]Z/
%+BCORO=6;]^.3SR DPG!W3H 2T*S(DON+
E_D#_
MWI-M!GW6X2@K?QXTMK:N0\^+'B


K58S]?F;Y6
M*2\2L2'F(&N9%3.)QUD)NHALNW47':LKR#47 CI&(;7,&M QXAEC5((6TJ7
M(LAESW.B?QKWV

4W^%1/ HVF1
M@RQB_3JDCLK/KJ\7@QI&MV]'8]KO
/HZOAO='A8-=9DVFQE1.C 1?1)T+U(;


M)%YCVTU1J%.5;ODWVI1])KZ I+ML!4^JI%

W@.]9
M3K)1*I1FH
DX4



[^IG)I_2]

WF25T%FCD\QE?$PK.GT]IHK10?N6L2;[S^LY8+7[Z/R@LF693*6.




+#


?\!=)<P;G+-ONJZRV


.!J7*!@
JI7-48%Q7WH!2

CP03-5]L#/85*%4D]9&U'%&K;+NF\X)F@4F;.







KV_KJY+IDUA9G?W[6_*HUF
M$SJ-\[?-;


M\_AN1UB4T+
C+W S?G;8+W0S@F9!&V

M.)X5HACHNS[]W
^D549KSSQ7GYOK^]N&/J(W/:G^:M/\-OK2_$1$KXIFVY77
XR@3UBEB!T--C8VO%87DZ**DK3&5RTGC0
M;1Z:(?:%=4R EP2K:CMK4[)Y*:=I*R6-3APS6D=
GOZCNL;/C@3*=4&$4&3X


MR0ARWF2(DK:BPUZJ6@+!U-/NZ/XBI/O29&17#(=
D^&6V$;6(0Y=6UJ*.T
MX[F*+ICZHE2@P3X-RG!$J(C1ZHA;G.WT#F+7E7A=C2?CV](H):U/&BCN\76

MBL&!N\Z^KKT#AK566=GV /M@YAXIIS$SF4$$RR


F76*HW?1YM3M!-WBBM
[8MG#




!)N0ZI

7
MZ*!++55RBCB5)N^3



]TUY.J6[7)X[Z6/H#^N_]I?IY!.QZ2_EUZ]2S!^9A.Z7E[_O
MN9WZ\2U@2EH9RY ?%:)C&G



4XR3*X.

DD G@1MR)0&+I\41W
MRF9/-:'(!<
GS=[<#
MB#WPX+ZMN

MI%)48RNJ-11B]




M*+:1Z=F7:G!V\P=$&S=_/X[
=VTW7RRDFQB+(.Z[+XUP)I)U7%T)0RH5VZ7O
MC





E*];.RM3EGZ[ &




;&S.NCB75

MV




R+N\Y:^?4TQE90K61#74HJ#.)$%M(F+F


M805=M:^^!D#E?&Y#3BKFG#&.@F:5\P)!-77#!'8IZLLCW \G^^[IX:WVRYW8

28=7(#%97XKTF%

M8+-)W
=];NQ[Q5UIC;01
M(Y1T;*YS]C[Z@?N;/=;

%AQ@K&@_)&^?(





M4S?QXNC2;U7QH3GYS$PVQ9H-AV#S(+EILQX7#(71W=/VL07?LMHE-/9-)L?B
MT7I0[%0)XZYG97O6#-N-/SBZZ!OU07DO 5BMI8V03YG:;)I!7IMJ7\R]_QN^

M4TR*L:!R(#M%(5$I\Z1.K;[8T(]WMM@5?AY'XJT(H

M*$K-B8_6E:Q3&V










QXKAD!:2'U64FB2BZU5G8

O7MJT8ZR06*8F?%&IDY7R1


M7?O

N63)AY0EYF3+HD$YC3?!B&'HWF%TWX6TS@K?)](Z!ZH$
M-@#6!X#*)BL;[7@93(G]A!C=9S(.)
@J\Y9(7%J6VR'V(:*SQ:E1$)UA@7E[

M(W@HXZ#2H$/PG9W;P=*[V.Z'J\F=H'W_60#Y
'X^7O^?IX




86PUQ=)H;_2YY




M4$Q5A1*[&JVV(2?Y?8H2K 2N[%0YMS &N!89AJ=2E843YD71 #
3#T4;'A



7@RF*CSE[
J4D@JR2!XD5.X6G
MA_SRYRKO+0CVY51ZB]SK. %5MKM!ZM0- =.B3,[\$644(HSK)@C5^R:'-*
M4.$S5 8_005[.E;)UC::!XIEXZDDR-G-CY46WSAVB1/L1Y



;K@Y=O\

MG#\H3'^:_/;G[[K*T


5G4Y*T3;M90 Y\C


M'O$?Y9BU'[D +__2WPV8HP
5))(R8D0




X/^_2NY8*V&2LD5C:AM;?69+HW51JJ]; [@'^


5[P]N[
M':':H+-HTX*-48PQ#G-&(S.&EX7XDZ?I_G?;_
W\_8?\0LR_-%
K7OL6V*S_
M8O :$_&[

M.7)R:#P;((0V\:-5JQ4.'NSG?HS=\P': *I#O

N6LSP$E!$<.T0V!!+DV@FPAB'#J(![8@0Y*
M GIIZ'Y$=8A^Q%$STA^(8AOMRB=(J'
M JG%G6\ 9P#E 5R/UU!6%.\

M:



M=&T[$VD9OU]HKSXADS440F'D4/(SSP#;!0S:*SHK-Q-)0G%1
I/&G?_PULC1


MOB.\[03:4-KW7*XEO0NOF!)

MU5J$_5ZT%YJ(3G.TRHI!UJ
L4'OVTPM8P)![*%E6G#:26
9:=M%SRPH'+D-A

YUCE8


M7R34*.*;1.7



M;8.SEJ5%T*EQ5O-H:8\7W'DS )[YS2:;K;\J@6];_%+$\PY9-:UU2E"4I
M589



M7%&EBM9[TRI[$(:I9M42Z


&



6+R6()NJ6_:G/&8BY.#
M'2QJ7:T;7+CL0^RG.*Y
*AY

<098$H$$E'5+JYPVJR4XNVU
M+1?I\=?)=#-_#2!6%[7S;?%!&1<#CD;*KZ?GK=@:
FB16RSS*6Y#@E5T0:R
M!:HBY.2


CONJ1+7RVJZURGW(N;3.KPUN
MTB$$53V+2F*)PT8Y0];+)Y0?1\ M]%C&XK




M& 2O&9%8/*GM**JC1R*I!U*Z/O!Z^.Y+R[1.'%\]=6CUI%0@4-%92CY$H(







MFW.S&0]7799V
L%MZYZ+B

M50T.1S
;GU/?/;BT1.0(@F]5)B)[ESFWD9CB6









WIWL(SFZ]
H'ZH.RD6?2S5$S@9M
M]'A*R3GHG[T63(WY8^_&U@JBZ\FY5I*]*DJ\8 QC::2N*\FO_ F[22WR/X


L&Z@1U
M2RR)0PTU!QVIN1VUAM$UL48MH



5W@G%%\1T(AV(31!900S7/-

6D@?B D-Z3MG:BFOD!D

M







M;G0))TOOMOQ!


M+]\)WL6L2+Q-L^X^.2Q

X4V:UOH E)D[(U: /H?=4

4L%O$@F&J@
M8I[?N4D]D/9#Z_%=E7>ND:4F
MW0GJ@O8LI42W)IU-+3I@I;'E/(+N:7W7BUJ_[MHN76U;32(72'REY#R*F7
C






M$W7R==P/CV\8 UCI^1QO/UH^8S*]N;^^N1J^OJ4TWE1
)UR\^G*;6'
+JC0Y


 I/?V\W!/3)D=S(JO)!A*=9549]X1!U=W&UE_P


@KOJW;@=ZL\O-60[AT;;K=
Q*QER+
UAM


;'




E]6#LULJ.UG^5,):C2E!5HV)P-:2
M;MQQJ+7;\?5-QFEAMO65:(HV:N2G-.B
HC'YL3&CJ#[&53!KIVB7 .B)*A


MIK%O&AESGWE;@U!XO[CAW_3?CH
;O73K/0H2M53-C@M0@AAC4*@R121\&1/]


M#

YG<2X7X\5*WK_F$[PZ%6L5AR  6<LM0^)2F:,EBLKAC;K%-':



Z@P=1]GYH;5]$ 19.=^JV2.W




ME[_/%&*]^6U21:]?WO[GY'+Z\*






MT(A3S*'65L3CDB\C


A((S8Z@19#??D5Z5ZJ67 3-HF6508DM'?J0ALM.

M*C]





M9.2A)E?'!
,\* G-CG+:+1'Y)!ZM9=Y4IGCLZ+X4+F.B3Y)/C7OLNR? 5Y

P.)#8M8TI-?)?J_V0046M






R]'UX1SV7/KHU
MR/M.%_#_-;G^97)
O%
N 2&[P%2L18E9)[C31I*ZJ*U1GISQGA_-[WY33[3
MG?.W;W]UQEM'GU$#@5

MY6MZU2GH-C0+F$(5-1L'3XZT7L![]17JK9TWE:(HC&AS%'V=
9CHAH=TBCFJ

M)SFJEP^3^
MT
BMF7N5.8


3JD


I88@%G]X
MBD/2_*4\71P


P)FHG\0-2

#_)L2Z\)+TS0IY(&.''H5UG_


M.%YKC



M-61G?=NLI)(Q-G3J^(POW;&);62C=YI;9(U%K77E$/TH!L9-J^/)6
.B9;

9SANJ041M8LL5 =K5-

%'5/UHAY4S:*%76H$%B:X6DNF?LZV.FY1


M(%8T3C

M7

MRO7UG.]'^9JBR&
LSHF5
Z)YQ9V=*]]8H9[

MEMV\Z:
D

D/H!9N8L




^^2Y5=Z)'J]XO#Z)#6K?I4%6;+JE'
^&Q C66W.B3=4RM]A7TG

M U7@V



M[NIW.4R_7M[]

LT^]W#\
6?ZF=?8Y?G'
#_^6-^V_2@1)A1!(TBG$2:
MX&


ML+4\&ABR-D8CL:*QZ/2LP+(XF3V@)NUA@\?'O&WW*9U3+^3.%)+9*Y4KJI
M$NR0Q_#&^7XJ^ 70.E.D-ECR_H4_P;O.W@7M##FHU3BCDF ]'#TN85..PB\1

M7?2%VX55.@R:*]RBX)2CK%





M8JXF8!*2
$

M\QF[5!P!EMQ$


&RDC0VUF?Y7FNRH]ZPR 8+6%\@HCM+F-!:@L/L
M6?


62-WR4O\&)PW%F8;+01%05$P.C97W+S#(%RWC4Y8]#KZTEV0:W^


M%6*]^U



150XM


K9U01MD_4Y/[1F*9_*&8\?L



)9RAH=46E#L#_I;RUSABK


I
HHH'2@#



/GV:K


ORX&

M1/XU0/1T6=8RA$I1(DL
2A9F)G %1


E@-D=V2E.1:
51)?B.I\OX(^X=E+P#E?P82

4$K Y5][#?;.&N2
M& XBRC$FEU1Q0H=YK%NR61C(2;\R:[*&V#-#:KOD5%TJ%64M4/%8#+]0DB.
MZ@(N=BXTK)3LEP77ICD4:6VV5UT

M3J6H$&7( H

<^
MY!$ =LK3*[V&'TAOQM
W7:5%
M#4#OJTB?40#J@D(BJ;6+ 85424#W=Y5R*ZI<)-B217&ZA
^CZ1-2O600J[:
#+Y]J1M_IXK^8GS'PO']O^H^@&6%K%CU(;

N^4*-431E:?Y

P
7JZ.&PL+O.[J#]JG16OY

I

X

D]&?_-4_AVEP
M\X7CY2'_]?+#]?3U<VO-XA(;[9 MB&)C=G4KF2C%J0&-8YI@_D%LZM7G.?9

V-%






IE\GX8HW\:3:F^^UCS=_*?OJUM.)FTB
_VV\X'$/'JK9) JL7)GGRJK
M+CB,5F!H@D.YH)+FV)=R)O;Y9 YPT<:QV^N,\J6H3+6WB^VS98V/ 54S^O_'
M99W0 5;*V-JXJ 5!#3.E*9W6\[K$TN0AU8+WTS=Z9\=T@,5#0Y61$DIRTRG&
M?&$N496O:%A%%KEZ\\@+OZN7[?\&H&B\EQ8D93
#DCWP@;6G*6P'3*[!:I$
M5
F@R[5]TR;7&W=#%%O_]]!P_#P:_#&Z&MU^?V:^
5Q
*R1N?AU\'_QQ-:RO

7D7X$(;U#0TH5TEF5G#!U 8JRI-I7\ 7E;YL!_BHNZ=3.
M







9
M

M-S=BJC2Q\AD)V@&C5409



.N1=
M\'B_KI#U)1OI6IX4(O^!P9
9*G8<7S+_MS/ZYL.5%N9M9V-(/@ZNUDZ2<5%:+Z(!15X&+Y(4




98_[KY!-GA5(7@NV@AVHQ1)JX*Q



MVL&M4W12+OX(TJAB



=5[
&+9J_9L1?-



\U:B3)TAJABR



MF85RFC[(^7XNGEF^RBAZ!1 2J]D2II08;
O%*NM#
T?S#
FRYR14O!B9R$
D5/309593PS RU?=_E
M'6





74AZZNK#]F-$:0'\H%:XT.2KGH
MYT/.I,ZI93-ZS2



WZB0
M:?F3EM06(4
V0K./JDOND@6E./93VXU.=J
GK6U.?V0HULET=?C+_][-A/G/

M7*1-R4



Z[9OW0;6?3



M2-B6'Z-K








H=23/JYZXCB]FHJ@RG@T$H9
MD_EV4(*0R#*YP7

\?55 D'8!-E2Y-W4DVVXASI







/J-/!=1_8$L!BJ

M8#*









'@8U#'94H5QC=







ZU@CL/[=K/]Z!/ ^O80-(ME&#W@KE6/O% CE(:TT67?X]



MO8[HK8Y_2#26



MN@6C+M@B

MBU%X5&_P(E!8+26UWAE1B@#H1$+C8BH]B:Z!0JDHNW%)-]HS K6;_\[[M9


UJ(*444D&(%TGT'4COOBF383%OAYL
M&8+NBVC^XBP3]GG(7WP.@PO))BI)XQ);JB4%SAW<<'28N6%6S+XT^/NE=P-
M&-JPGYK!&YGJVXAP8&8U$?5N =-B

THC\:UVBM*OS%-EZ/EQJ&N67H,1UV6],@3[3<U?/AT
M_^7O]ZLZ'_ZV7P:WM\/)S<_COR:+*FC,H\6G(3@(61,HI:PL+) =3%9)N\?

MO[X8QN'M7\/A=1I
)M]9J
/7^MC+5O1?UY?#R57]TNP3SF9J6)T5Q;9&&Z]J

2A$@F-Q@=V.G51D*BK-'+.B@6U
M[D:W+N

M#DK5'1A^&+Z]D\:KI6#DC3A[^NV0WZ
OK& ?]%U=6?%ZQCPJ-)]\.F7[)9



(:

MT\)RN5-RT_$LZJ-!!JXF:YF9




MV/U'W_UQ

M^
=ZI^@@&'=&\?WX3Q1M#6^\NQE=#V]N/@X_3TL]'D%2[B;C;\
G./[K^N[F


MFM;HGDT^1LO
L;!




M]FEKU0G9V!='A95JBDHF7VR0EGJ$28;F5;$.(-P'PD_P.#B\)V+@8%/.%@U8


M9?(@G=TP]W@@]
[IWDZGID3BWRZ52QQ0!FV4M;%34U[DU'HR@
KNPR%_'?=V


K.'Z


_A
M]=VKN;3^6I&4X2A36ZCFQ'H\K\U4R[V+!R-7;[8.4.BH


2Q
:(H_K)5Z
M'T9M8T3/QS)))RTB(V5



&V8[[F.+BF73&6UM
M



9!6$3/[\.I'94URF#$=EK



:GL3'^7=9I/P[@HY *1/ZIVQA9!: $R1!K$!3KMF_7[;GA#*Y
MYE5J?W1U=@!6J0W'$+


M18:Z()

7C.JTN/9U



U<(
A@MP810
@N!QXXJ




MS%K2!R!1# 6O.7R65'//T1:G:G^J$:^&M79';@G+&5]W#9BD-!4EI46-FI'+

M*7. )




M9=


M'A+

MUO*8I[T(NYWRF72.[R;;T8DL[]6M


!S-2!F]ZSKW8E(%


M@*&V7UIJM47J@RD\/18[RQ)[K#) 1F\0
.?BDYHG**VA-D$IMF4LX)FIZ@4
M='U DTF42(H=70FY1Z=6H+9K(X&SI&-4L[)F
):I7!8$R.!%KU41S.M3MT
MO=[2)\%%CO+T'1V8@HJE(B6A4@6/;='SHHFGE?-RKJ7 LTN
'?_OMPTK<#+EQWE\9\K\-


C?EWH+O;N\DP7%P
K_+PVW\
&(*[/Q^VA]SR/4QG55\





M

M#

M-TN#+'K



O!%L*+I3I^#EXTT


MC$1*KLA5


:KLO E$!1


M.Y'J;.ABHPJV1-L7M D(ODV-/=//W?S\6^GUNCXFE^FJ2 Z(O+2UW*C3Z[*4

M'2))$I(555^Y%5WPS:LP- /7MB7U)]:BH\DL5[=\+?G# __TGAZ^1I($L*RH


MDHUESSC
2HU?^ [
TJS+*1%:XQNPXK. =84G^V&D3-)S^0 ;6S_LG02W+$%P






VTUB4$F]'ZQ66@FVFAEM)%M5TDF
MY=SO

M6B_OG;;[$96#6 D.]H6MKP0E


MVYK6)43

M-KYX4^2S(:'[ 6=5R5*T-FBVL*SI6=7&70(
XGXPW'O(LJ8T]-RQ$OFCE;

M\



M?&K-8AU.4'E+A(@^L9$+=D'1*]BGE&](T'





ME77;%
CGUO'3^NE#TKYIB
-/X\EP]GW3G;R9_W)S.[IXABOB' ;%$5H6(&1T

IVD'%$A%NR[_&U@#4MNI:]%L



40-=D%S
MEE9R#Z[::X!\%SVL2PSU]0^]2R*A\JYS_(@CHM(V!GC1#]YHVCO.BE)H)9.
MQZ+D

/MDVMI(





AL\RT1_T[3@!?$=HMZ#/=T/T;^

5EL
^I
MQXE&*XM24ZFU])0 H)








M#
)W5Y4;D= @6DV7Z_@L?!4B09:O.O=XF!4-9U)4]_!19C6TXIOSMG^US!



MAB^F[^M P$^=P;]S+6




M%))-S

9DD#'6B(J-L=_\Q5OYJ)65+

6:F^)YUU9EN+@_!-_-([!MET9!9
M83#'6L.%.OZOLI+FW!HQ-N(:LNOB

MD?MZ_3?ZBF#.8[ OITCB)L\UK*4%
Q': !.S00'YMM1M^%XA2%X@AAW^C9

M
N?A_KU!^$VX<A=XY[*$H?6%ARFSYA2;)5P(S2




7E9;!VB@
M'!CL;3Z[(A0W@#9]2C1NTJM:QQ!$1%U\%FP(24O3 V_%CL8A@=M1B=RD7+5G



M&Q7I(R;
Y(SK5:^1JAG[!YNK.1Y!Q#-QYBAYYEKMH C9MZN%
C&76NK;;0
J
M


SBB+(?4)8D9/V3+-U?:O!1V'&??
M$7NE(D@CH0A1BJR6T
9A#*EZ13^NKDX!A\)65.&TAJ06N6
UKIN:VV0*?NO

?!


M%+42=J[OA1 I-.WGCUTI%4&XR]*Q_*

M7P(_-B++NOO4)I\#H\C


M(E 67Z@V&U/*VS,4']-Z/QX?2_9*ZU],$61*]&N-EYV3(PQ0.&W\*3WBML



I?6C'_U@Y?6IW_,F':8!G0M*653:L:FJX\ ['2:=
M31M:YY[[G@]3;:^L%N2]+=DH[9W6NO29+X6!PE'TV2'*T;86WVT&HVL-QL3

V8#2BK)-WG:M0
5Y2ILN?/PC

M[TUZK6:-T(C 8F[XAD%EW0




M[0:.'O6P1S'7TF7M=!0V6 !EV$*+OG&%?(3MI7%/1N&HII)0ZZUB8:J*8U5A


-A#8&@9J.=2M#)

-+'0_*5_W/1U3KH[8

.FP#YD!LW*
MG0H5Z6
'B$O(Q32+0QEMX!/


M^I\_7;(@SZ]9NM]

MRW


M%XH0'4$IV?OU;Q4-#=BK'8]Y .)VJNK C$&:Y(+2/A(_\=*3Y*@IX?S[/]0.


MQ^7=GO+5UP)_S#D;SOK-?K&87+Z;[EOZYME1/Z\EENS*_#X]NU[
KEB5YG_7



PM_0[B121M-

MB3:TL!_1I\JP-%NN+YUEEKVCO^:+?VT=M :)*(I

A9:NC\0YN__D.:T
H,A,DIH&L@1FB-OJW



#1]=M:A&N6'=_]7/-
MPYN!U
DI

H_@H8CH^UO/
MPLDFR2NQZO-39





M45J;:A]$:P /)EP[54
VVX6(*
HAB?/

MX6J*L!/! ND(6&47#P









3L5\S
M -8UOKL:JKX^.4Z

MC

MZ4@--&8\'2''&12*)')6*5L4)B
 0K==PEYO/LM(\J)=04M&'+55SV
MRBB!J1M7'I0OJ8D
RZ%]
2=_UA5%BA)G7SAUQRB0&%ESP(B8=MAWZ&JBE/
K=CU1@VHM2@^0@'<L )O[?B4A^.K;

M#


9:
M%GQYY2_/62S.UG_8KZ


 TVJ%CC#GH1NX&4RA1+B*F0MX39-T=




MBWQ3;?_#4'3R&
2




/29\:^M P&O/WZ\:
:);[/ S@&P


M*5G^
6RH#TQ(H83Z/XDU3)V9OQZC';0

Z!_8F#6I7<9+T[%-6K-H]
M7F^W;'\\$.4[%9+7(_EL4H(@HJI/L70FT8&7K4D<*\=_KB'
X0ED$IHC!0J

M-7*?5ED?P4H.19'D-05+7JV=ZGU0;F8CTKG3N9-16C2LY3C:)X1ILYJ)MK

0?3-G
M(:6?Q($[1B<Q)3%]MDEJ;*('K#8GJZ0U-/9Z./U%H<@'*%1SD8
025PIF]4




/
MGX]LZ@(*8ZBH4I1 HU%WO;4&=6GG(ZN&M
$3[7?DG29P(B@(0B5A92 *RL:N
MEMO(F'



#

%
_Y^?=DQ*!IC32KHMRHQNM.K.@;M










$NS]JO;GI7V4KM?L


M!@DK9SOV^2T+H9V)XNK2LY
B?!_-E:X#'S6Z[02


MH&QL$L[;4




MK$25(KI89YS*8$N_*CTIW2:6#313H':FJ$QFB_^:7%Q/_?G_OE[GV0?SMO^\
M
UO_SZLO

M8!?=L$O1%W8!'(==EKQ@@.


Q




N_1.S)4I]#
U]

MCZ#2AB%?%*
VP6Z=E0X
(SW(9 6&5*@?PH]:Y+;/M-D/_R+H/T[QA@5(&&KG

M1


M^U!;)Q XDEI%6[=G.BNS
.PW0Q+1R9H*W\C(+[]E=Y;0R;.D8-3*@XD
IKSW

5GF3
IT.M6KNGD:J*:2ZE'J^6/JS_W
]



M]P


M7_PM^NX/FXE_@(AGI/W'/S^VM)/&9+3%4/?KJL0/G 5!DK32U1F6?__'C^'-


=(4B&R
MA4^0LB)F@C2.7
V@#S

+F@V

M


D:CF2=5'8#3 :51



/*D

M53&=(2K*!3.:6F(N*YF


:&
M1AWI T@K'_(A(D=7&[/A1V*




[^7FUCV?_^E_7CKBH
L
MV
SXD,.^D-B7S5W$3T;<*+6H I@$*INL
MLRPI8#^\/@.+7M/'RD*FCZ=%CE6A:THQ.D%P-D QD)33/9'JTV+7Y^.MGUT


MU1/XDLD5\BA][O:?U'K=H0LM V1NY![ /[@L_G!EZU]JF.)0*VI(6DZOD3

Y01;?BG1=[&/;<^?:-

 TN0?+*4

M*(W:LWV*I

MZP3'@JR1BS5UP6N_H







M=C[MDY

MX(.4 1F WMQ?%$$S@8 G3V#_UV6^F




=ZY3W]^

MU8N=7US
+M_UOWWKTJ'5?L?:
J'1A-H;+WH&26$:'7L_;?5$_E=4'S38] J
M*A,PF!3J!FI!5IF.%,RBW5]X/Q#P]*0\R1- EV4.Y%E)*YFP@U=_Y4#@MR4



?*@+/YAVG^]\?IY9(_\(9I
M-P&Z'R=\D
O?)Q?3^=O;/^B7R^D V]0=+PM]G;[/O@=2!(NHU@4+WE/R=ZJO
M5R



(5M3RY34[$$0;K*IM/
_Z?G9Q/=B[-



M386E@B4K9V+
ZUT9


&+!S-#O39,;8=6[1) \


M
HM
.DKIK%0

C7;P@Y:WM\G?@



-%JYW0

R9-2:;ZI-)ZP%O*FUWA)##!TS!(/K


B.

MZ8O/[/YT+?TQ*!;QA@ ]!.R_'.419SQ2$[ A JMD
IZ-M#84W7JJ0K+*M!MS


4ROH)W1^R3T[:
QD@ 0R82:=N67EXM/W6RIY$A2

MT@CRL83
C-/861P$V8Y;)#D$HQYQLN.
D
$ 

*W*'4TQ$C+M7I(DT:(U)F[[(.:%S/DA$A!YH]]-#(:ACD36JV$@4

MV@0J


M8%(Q):/SD;RDE*WHPTW:M+;I93^P?50HL@X5 6RNBUA]K14!Z#G#YGO3HL]G
MY

!X!JPO%%//


M^V5Q9=02;6:%


M!4/C4[Y?XTGJ0O:E=;&%O8E 61


M
08;IV33OJ9K/+PR%#$ .!D8'A878XTZW2C#8ML9:G1(]/_09/E'Y+B+\*)$
&LKGS;
JBM;58&G08+1L6O%06C9)*RML99#-&)COS$C[$Q.!*D



M^23;G:(6Q6D2/WJ*@P9'S@J-M4XK&1U41[_+)-J-?T:W'10GP8],HK&(EKR
M9 &D,4+R@U]3';-A77SHU_X%?AT&68$VV:TF5GFO(,I V_KCL5N/__V\QR*
MA./L!/!9:F*OMLA8[8VR
O7KO?U -='#^.I$&#&JI0 



2*GO





M53]/)\OILEQ?72^FO\PN9Q^N/[R9?*Y%1









M^L/O7U;]WKW




M.5'R0AIM7 E=E3[?#@ZD&.OM?'/(;OSMC



/M?[_9^_=
MFB


IU](Y]A-J:(.)RVS$R(&N

T\I]^JWWL

I&MD:Z7YTHU.*


R]LF+^%;7]2UH



6*X5.H)%OTTMJ+-6:L4U*

8@!
MOV_*::!.BDKL/&L-.9I$;5#&:'$4\_]_'V+#@-YVM!M8U)JSC;5


\G^;XQ

.H?LQD9VSU8?
9/S

&*JK5'
5
#FR;=3HW1$K(4ZJ\4W]2K$4KLS!91LX13M6ZPB(
M49FZV%-
PTJY*]*6R=ZE+*%51O7+/^U)N: /((82-BC[C?&[=)+\*UMQ0%J
M1C)4GW2,5D,P,=9AMGIH*6+QL=^413G^@U3AHE65BZ!(AQRXUI$3H1K?-R5]
MOQ[[)SY@R,F89)GGZK3L8YOLAQB/RCUN^I?7
<W=1
SW]\8RL 1LH<N56@<YO''8:<



M@?/S;9&/_E/^5A#VV;?\@LX&R1
T?K@J?LZIL?!#;J'JK.V6.S553:]Y&_:?
PMMNNJ0
M=
S[X[\H_N$NV5!6%
M;&S2&$DSJS*Z9!^)5B#<70JNOIV=F5I&HB* L:+^I&N6/V7S5$92?3]N^KOZ
M]_CT(C;(9 &B3FH6+4J^:GS<#4AXO7.G3W*X!T$3@2U NR;EV
8ZU.A13





M0YOP62N1Z


R5BDX9MO/R17;?$1-G+)P+T;TD5D%4[*/ ;(N


4UGU<O8U6IV8 B: I^@SRN&;PLSZ BV]XDTXP(QA%9&!









M@QJ. !1C.SIMM[H%8+OUMK\20%W_]4'NPZR_DOBY*_WA5CS-'PLPDO[BZ]N+
MV\OKBYLG!_NC1$X_R!\7CO5!OG_X^!_D4^?B48=?0[=7M*1T7M;
ORNSWQY:


M)F*5AG;S@7)C=&A#
W]W<WVUV+QZ<_V'G(/VQXUYSZ@C8(S&:M4*GK3#944E




[&+#2X/D7Z.C;&X.\&KN: .N/2#
M .3&R G147(D?L!908[+MTG91-NG E[*GFGP
)BN=IB(:M6N Z9P?M!UD!!

RJ!3.
H:
MQ
^M[KP\%XDGPMA0R9:L?+6F!*Z$00_I3;9I12K/K.PC/)70NZ#8$GP(42
(




MA9BCZL+UN!K@?/+[=U[;03 J5$R6J@:R.BV66QE*9=H.FPND3V80%/P6#*U
MQ,9+1:A+ED IFSQL4E6I=T-6K01D!Y-I*LP$L+8-+S?)1P,^IV4Q7#M[@BZZ
M/8+5#.8'$VL7(!E]2A+Z44D2#4E4B+PLF!,Q/,E)[!EM5@+)R;*LJS@S-F$;
M3^6=%51'BUK]Y=JJMA#ZHD.UNJCJ)8L[3!:4E)D%^47NH#.(:FE8
4IWIQY
M/9A DR+-$V[I LH&?

=BE
#EEXAXQZ/U:XDTR3;SDT;1D052ZD#-RXCPN
:I4:1P<4EH\%D67:0^#,5AL0Y#9WYG_EP=BPU%\N_EK =0&PJX#N


V*LL22*C-A6U[_S#
<S<1L'KOBJGRVW1[P4N4
OKA
MV



MBA'2
6FRJD@8Q)')


M&6P
.0



]?*5#
)(/8Q^$+*&[2-
MHH26QT0




FYT-&&1\AJ - ?E42\ZCI$GU;P?^RP*1




M%*W!2

F91U%;XK$O&3NCS=S-BC2&.$^8
-L:E_V%
%O:$(O*%]2:J510[=29IQTL/=G.
MX1SU[A+N:D1JU3H'Y9/6T5)F;T -LHH1[5W


67'ZW)WMY\S/



M=8;0'7'1!S$K$2F3B&B+IR)X
T#()-%24



!492](8$H4V%S E31X-TN
_1:]
M01?78

PCB/G1*-B?$BI40%*





45Y$T-H(A@L4LXNC










MNROTD/






JM=

M.\#!I35[(%!BM*$@915&@97BKB)]Z*4^1X%WA1PEA.Q#-6WNN'
J0DE/KM=$




6







MU;VGQX??[^;7_^?+MK:-+RR8/$$0P*P4B2TD:Y:9P* P:_7I8;I?_*+VJ-2A










MG4





MCZW1]I?']82
KTU/4X%PCERY!K
8?90*ZJ '54G
V#\_O=%]^^AK4]5.22E


M'+A706+


MEO=H^E%RKT$7D\PP9/%-8H.+(^53DL
Q
/VWZDGNDXT]Z_NYJF.B8Q)4(P'\
M8K*)REGII/5 JFR!O.N'#*Y+5)V50G:;L.ZM^)_ BV8U@^*LTYC)0([;5JP=
M4/YML#T$






8T/!A0-]B._USZ)[V.IAZ'ELL U2A3I8ZOSUB8.A=^@E$EJ


MW_)8A
MDZ]LG1\\M&Q3T:!NU2!M9@4[G\0.UC!DODC
N]DZ^W-H\78Q?LX;$Z J%UR(


MPC@
T.%L;_2+?.JAJTBR
Q*@%EL19&]R#C8
XH!#W3M2'5?5T^Q?GEW

92V

[+@GA7O>2KMB_N=4&8Y@AL;P7 N,5'2,






M/_S5\AFM&ZDM^D-;_=_FG; ;N=Y3J2 Q


W


J'2Q3&2 B0)MS#2D_LH*7364GM[_J;A

MD /;C




MK&NB&@

MH7

MM[1.0B77


XMSO!CGV?+=?';]_C8O


M3E=M$Q'ZY&]46\.:EZ[Z(/# L=*)G?





R#JN9@^S
MBS]^?+C:R#O66%N4UQKS]SBIC
F5$Z]FQ^NG_F?*%B/M?QZME +^ 1*5H3
M5B:*SG@2D?QX8\!D8[I.G%5C
G&GQOLUN^JL.R$;G_X
MI!GTDT]NG[?X]/O9_
_/

MM5)YJ



;7I@E4 0E::R




M%;1NNR!/=YUQ+Y:5!V'WFK[\M^N;F]G\LFEN4R
8N41:HP5:4/Y5OYPC*5^O






N0HHC 9R-

DQ=NZI+PPY

Q03Y(=*L:472
MHRF6@ -7C/$]S!%;V:\]U1C$!F\J 
@12J1
FY8^!58)-Y(@G9LF;:$!AR\
M\K'JUEFA,TI4:)Z,@:@;=WF$03:U0X )%?)L_.L-6#

-V




4
A2VNKC,4:L4Q]1C/U9/ /1








'$F1_5LMSB*HXHXE=&Q37Z%G'IUC0
MODLKG[O(6Q8.Q!J:C-4Y7U7./F%^JD4V?5':N4N]J]4B:-RT3C6RDS:7 (P?


M^?.Y7=L$M1+#.@


MLAJ;\*)WU




4PE:VCU?/5S!1R
M5:
;6SMX_-I=3*YH&+/



MQ^_Y;+4#P<<FMU540*PYNF2**VQQ;-+')'VKA22KT&YT_H9%L-J/ZYKHRFH
M*
@Z4.7L:E5VC#T2%NU
E\;_]O39B/F'
(5GL_N+(6;\V\7U[?V/=X(3-@_J
M1E=-HO9&BR86IS,)Y?DF/91[*M'7+MK^@66@1HL,%IC:?P A/LV+ KWLSU
DZ)7EP/L.(< @
MN%#;(#8?
10J3YBLN.V?3+YZO2:)(:ZV]V\H
5AH1%].M^['PCJ-:FW
$2MZ

V7BLHR%00/R5Q4+[TO3/[_['W?7MP__(=_R
M.-_XCIA;#U_VSF0G2DY
ONBJ0=G6UQM[6H#U](A?M9Y?X.Z
-AF5CN+R$+/\
M



))*N&'F)1SAI
M%VRGXAKZ#.3243GQ12FVRI8J

1;3[YIKO
M=X9$^^M#WF&R+&F+MDWJ2E0H5BQY +CD+9;:#STX#S3PDA+%@S%
P@958A
M#&JT2LFQ:QGQ_UJM/F<FS:-(V8EZ#E4TI$C(\O<] _U2[?D;+^6KT&(\R




_PV4Q]\
M2TAY;K(=)
.O4A+XE\B2DDNDJZ=A1B\OLMOG0WT


M0U(1!)V45#R YNKK6+67V-CN?J\?;7N^&CU&




MBR6]?

9

@F ADJBE^&!YP5826PVB
MX(MNH2[8+U'3OA:*:Q?:B&H:S:G\3W8:0C5Z6&A,N73U.MK9+K[:UT+-NH4:
MD,OG$U'.[*G(I<G5!8J0-1W*$X;C8?:^O7LPL[([4G)Q)K9**T:%]C2ZWFV


Y2

MP0


M^L/50U+PX%7K]6?G4BVH:4B5M% A]]Y
]VF^H\FXBS=C7T .7

+N]G[T@
M$R1'CFLR#DWRR#&4PB
F5KABP(3L3=?(NMTB#R'606R.(:]%(8WYNU6^1ZII

?!W:F
K?

3R%7%C




M_#[C%O
KG(V&0RCSYP_T'YO6^+@5M B9C]




M9])OEG@K+?'X^!#P%Y%!B[\$GS)(UHG\;4TU8GNP!Q6^]_%X,L%/(#YO[Y



MPKSQ1=

)$BS-3$

MB1!*;# :ED2O3O

.$_U;XP#;F'41:&Y-R[E&F)U

MB6R(RV(WD/P@\3K/_B59UMWRU7M*B=[
87NP#%REUD_$P\_:6+P\4C5(^[OW



1ZO$@
^H'LY



M*8R9H171BT#M&M1K+?A.%/H=@X9WB\3: [OBB_-B


-Q-T=RGPCZ4G.Y$$*=U_&9NUTRG KZH/]0YXH0M

@]34V(NJB
)3
M?&_4I\[H01*=I[1]#[O*N]*DADWS2-N  Q;18ZQB50%
*/;FOIT3^DRJO'5-


D0Q

6+&5KE#Q]R]1^1 G CGW6MT]S9Z
M) C!3AF!*?





M'G^4F&]_1(PHB\BD5D^:

MT&-+@'B


N8%]UO451B%K/?%)KF)]W



MC1 664JE\547&(^9O'6O



MN]F#:_6&C^DQ;YVB_MS];7 YOWQXDT(0VF$4B*)2X72 NFK5I1E;3RV$ZWUO




R69SS=@I+\L.I%Q#




M-$Y0+X7QUAF/$%
#_BCM7FS<WR%CF:!<)VE1GNK'/RQ*
MR3_
R]=OO/#

JP(G3DDO$HP]$



M9HQ%BEE%)2?*NH#HBC70+5?D-OSBK)%H\MGA+Z:WKE@^
 BKF
.L32Y&=.



MP IA@MPZNT^/%-#GR^G9=%A(@ %$FB



;G$S]ICXKK() KGB/-(











=L.UR;G#

MC@JGC1$^(=H#(($1Y(.C/*RTCV


MCQ^G='S2A@3@L2DV@D








%





M5D^OI@J)]7?&]KJT1Q*AT
$1+HVG 1/C/&41+5=GN$+U\8E*UT=E['UQNQ!A
MZ@GHM)!.6



C9 B]0Q%=^



;B-


1DA3\&]5#RR5?3
@1-J/N86&8'3@?1C
EH'
M'7&.=D<T=[]HPW0:!N)T$QZ9Y2I_!7-;:S?3\+HB
\
M@/S$6D=(ZDQ@!F.

:NO!





392&*C6.0:
Q#2

B&1M!Q+QR%



MR-(T 45X7%&H*3F(1%VE/F,QR&Z8PA#!=71&XAA=* J3#&5%5G'-'ZH8
2

MOT?BB336*JX]=FFF*EJ53
EHZA=S


M=_'[J9;&!

M/U\.'MX%S(2*R AA) M&.
R3=R&4=
[1X-VI[\*=EEU_[TX&22\K/2S+&0?%










MA.@DRBKI;)Q+U2WURSQ'L.'$B=$(8D1&6(
YO&%=CEC1OC-#.F[H=OZ54U




M15:(AEHAXM




MDYL@B\ 10=3SAF)+83DRC!Y4*6\#(DQ&+BQ-C*JH%!61
O%ZP[@ED1ZA!M

!F*


M6@A$G.6RBM-BK/?QJLTZ?1Z

E'4+'=




3=Z/S2?&O.83F[R!


MCZ5D2F;E)Q :6G2-4[2AP






MQB%

MO&453
BS6JBICDB]&B!J9:@!Q84ECPHB,3CHB]#@H=@5[-C&-^M.CD?)H@
M:A8=B2AZ[Q%7X!YIM#C: J H9WY-(Y]:TN)02/'#$S7G'#


MNH;=/7

#4&S



M9;25$1DG)5Z.@@%



ML:IG@GB:UL?=ME63F\'O58%!2*4L6+P3@3*YW4L7(/9:C7&]1NHQ\WD@U8
M%:=2)!VB%-@*BIG#HD)0X37MHVL]N$X#P4:29
E(@(WV




UE0T2J!5
6(=PRBVH53(X<2
ME&(J!%-.VJH2%4N4SLO*F5*&/^;+[7,R:) D24GDMG'/.&1RD=K2Q?F7RK
MMPTZ?HQVYG1L#:9I 7R-*!($0X52#;2^D3.YS5\SY[OT9S)J)WD/F@BK )_







_VJQ
+[#JS!!Z@-4QRED1S
K[L]$#68 LF


3#;*


)SWBY4U2'F ]/LD=U=I]^$_9L#-WRX&
MO8M2'/Y97

GETJ3[$8!



6UG71A_NFCG;/01F3L%0^XW2AWN?CE(LIA37M)5#.Y65W
M D\\7?.0JP^9ONW49.X&ZA6@B3O?W@4T_?OFMBP4I+X)*Y 7#]8KAL/E:_[T
MKTJ_PU\U*O^O;N\?!OT9Q=OM3Y3B*.4T1(@(8K_[L?/;W)FV3$TY2DM]4/
M-;-P_8B3U4]I=G5ZL-&?7F'RJC






MFG:LGI
\;QIP#X..FE.;MFSMOLUPMK8GK ]$Y39Q62&R0MR!0Q%
&I.7K!=9


D9DB

MC+P3!D=*$59H:@I#BH0&B@RK_Y\9RMOPKEA%L@Z6_A/)Q/%T6:A)EVH#
8



MM@-(6\HY9%'+HG8 47/C4;G&E/7



#

W- YH 7RP$I$FAL1EQF@
P




:3





M8+3US(T3SKW_($5SH55]\W==_+/)QRZRD
^I7JBND.9





#WM7'4'_7VHUY%IT0]8LUP3]R47+^33J2V4




M67+]WJ:;KYWQ9_CT;AH?V^G..L6HWQF?=[X7W4EC^=GQI%]
*DCPU6^=Z7@X


MQ






FH XZV1WS=&+G2ZLTXQZJ??IMG@S\E+]^[$Y_&D
M7TS*M^*KWSK3\7#0[_P'*O^G)?BV8B;
/G#:P\ 80@]PQ?X 
ZO!DKXC_9DLOS7MZ)\H

M*L8P;;)OSK:H[512=@1RETN6
[%E8FL7L6'28(.43&R9V#*Q96)K ;%1W&3'



P0

M#JIULKD1WUGKLM9EK=LNFX(:[-OWDM4NETQ_*$;3P7A4IC:OQM/9I)@-)L5E


MY)G)


MQN



P!@WK!
7W5K* /;XRVT

CN?#:N?K$(:

MB]H!1

M455#
:YO!I&^0'&HK9E
M]Y_*-4=R_+E/#\\<-OQ.9FG+?@T1C#'Q-<-#C3OT[N6_')/L?F05.B@4:
M;?7?EIW

MMNQD9H'


TU=:!3!9/_JUA8)R'R3^2;S3?9L
M-DILE

0UXK19I+W;1^]S/79*[)7).CJ
PWF6\RWYPVWV3?YM'G54^?I[K]W*J#

(.I=?]+]V[3\^8^P
U=O?^U=%/WYL'A_
M[LJ1:]-WH]7%';NXM_-^=6WGP[ [

MXY]@U^QPW/OGG__]W_YX^YO\8I+;\N.O/_13=_*EF
%'F]YLWAV:(;Q]
1SM


ONKW9&X6U
%Y+P3C'FBB'E-
4
M!Q4(#=SB5W^^LXTWP=XP;&R=




4EIFJ;?CL67CPF=PO




WU
Q4&=ZT9T4\-VP)4FCX7U717^0EELO
M[LE%

M7!47=Y8UQ8U=I'\

HZTMW
.I


MAD69\
ZV[

UA]^&


M@^FZIZ)V+83[RW@V+J?[/7QX





7BROE3&W#

'1_9H
MZ'1'_4[ZVZ+; WSE^61\6;[WO#N8=+YVA_.B<S$H)MU)[^)[^?)ABHH[%.!<
M-90XZ_Q:%/HO?&H-Q@.%H_5_3R&!:5WU/;O
3#]

MG1\FXQ'\W%ODOUXU\ETEI.?S26JEU.D/IKWY-/7'.&N
Y^[V9MEC)Y5ZVY8(


MH/-I MSQI1ZDJ2E5(JZW.9&+,#\XHF=6*@\S4XLS_B^O,V/&B[%_BR:T/+

M
T


M;:B%[\L+;


M_?V9'B


H=WO1R& ^3;^9






KTDWBN5%;Q2RP\(23!!&!GI


9S;\%..
MW$_@EBINGY(^6 0/P07( +. H  2#@

ZM AMICD##Q)H#.(O

M@B5^9O*%/Q*?9TF1B-HS]C$7@?5YO*14K3=P2#A)@B9(&0+L %? 68 !/P

W=3K L^E14 =P2; A516( ;$X+\ %^!2

L: AT(
M ( B  @N  7FWR%KI5U, $FP,33ZK^&XB0AY#B[!)Y;#%0_;U_V5+$6P5
M[0-;N8(H  )M\KBK_*%0!L0 V) #(@!
741PP0QY55:]EAE6A'?_7N&.J*L

NC ]IL)6

K2;P\*DMTI%%3Q :E

9TI!$8RND9!I:=B)&]HDI=5SVX73TU&1ZZ@0SGCIX#,9K
MG^_BU_BE\B+QS\QDNY6#33).090IV-2246^*.]?I<(DJH7D%BBHK+4;83-C,
M%L;&XUZ6A/10P2Z5^&C$MJ:QZI(&%085!C4-9/0IJ$)/
\&DU#8S-.+$383

MQ(HBRC[C^D_1V9A]R=8(+?N9

@-_.7OOEB1Z)(4

_O7]'JK?NA$:D

MFP_)O7P^:U0_;#41KZW8XD+]T.O
3'Y0D7;&\FYM;NN.F
;6YA99;G99-D.=
MADN2:!PFP






MHL@RC:; ;2L:$\MG=H:_X*E.]Y;'(S^IF*@

M!XV#QA5#XU #

*






MH#_0'T3G)9H?)M?=T.DLM



F
*)HR;BH_


V$S4ZQ+-)MZV9!'
113-[0/IY=:(AYB4\];D/7Y3#M+
MWK-G;S^]?^=.;MT)C4B?/I;8&+YG\BZ6WHOBOW@.O'XHM+8Q;V\QF+W#^\7









MEC37O%Q5W1!1NHL2X]U%B; U4QTGKLS3S#319CD?8Z D#D&(AS0^ YL)C\

(NT0HYVW()/XA1


I9+$1-2B2/%T3!T0YB^@ MP
D<@HC^!2.:U\W=-0XOCI[(XQWZJURI]O7BUI#8$N]7)*J%Y
M:4]=825A)6$EY;.2YV9%8$_LXP6Z5\VV$MJ*;DXPH=(I)4RH.%E62O6*P&;!
MF&CN&A+Z-;:87-[[?&8WMB0TS_7IQ_'\Y$?=T#Z\56C][;9P\H=$U*[/C&A\
M87*=%QHB&E



\WR[JQR[_;I
MJ(INJK)&^01G+PF$)T&H7'0.&@<- X:)VK%JGP=-+JI[G\J;T58JP&8KI07








MKL/^8-GQQXZF-YKUFG9YV=2T=LUL:]I5_4JOZ\U&Q6Q56V?_?O-PE@5]ZTYH

+UF:V/+TR.IM@=




M(S\@G%#F'YP#9C-JJJ





M?


AF$[ X2E37

MNWO*U^*P]F$/MW7;]2Y8XZ)M&SVSV[LTNA,G*!&LY ?#)(8A9Q]2P+F\*]

M'4=[M^QHUB^OC







MA(/'


M



\Q
M\H%UAU*AZ$N2\R-Q@BX4$?H0@&+JX#MB:A@-(IG5+RP[P8\^+\13UVWU\[

&)=





M
%02P S!#
$
'7(:A+B$8MF?/+\.M8:P
[ S2I\Z(_V3AYV1U
Y()+BT]2^:
M3=?(@@WID^?Z].-BGU WM ]+7U.?QO/UB3Z??[
ORC#ZDK

(ETUF%W;RQ2B+O7^YYB#=K

M22&(#TC5IWK=TU BVI== ^MCRG/4Z&Q];M;3RL

W##5GEJ2FK5+*
M7D&OH%?0*U5D!;VK.28H$HTW3]M 2LVDJ6!&D$\!/%2W4@VRKH\\D00#Q84
M%A0654+:C20B@



M#];GOO^&CCZ?774

N [[@V7''SO=2J=;NVS4.Y6Z7C.ZS7;S




L4S,]^O6DI__HC9K PMYU8I%%(])VN@@ :Y7<%4$]AT!

MF0?X!\39]MBD#\)I$%IQ.J&V+04=^5G0U
2YH8.%)HM*(9:@@&



M)UE


JTN!!)WD.&
M*,Y?N5-7!*7+
\6T11Y?(QR0&BH1@8/X.'%0: 7+@)M^VS1IUJ=GYL5BUY!
M-S%$ V3R3#EBRR@;8 ML@:U4V(+?RB[0EK

M%1[VZ\UB\]?88L-_]_-+KY
/$9MZWD*-/I]I9\E[)@'[Z?UB%
N:UV!JMCRJ


M\N^Y9:;DT@OL'__^W__YU^NO^

*7?Z1GA_3D$9QUX_=V*718#:9L'_Z+W6N



_VGE7$7WFUQO#+R'[:7M\2D\A?4Z]N&29;3JE0A^[FL L


M^(3^M

&5JSR1(
M+
]C$F




EDZ\#9C.88#KGH82Y[ME=TK@
;N
BAP?6-*;
ME2P/$%1:\P3ZFV

2@79;[S:O
_D[O0\I
S]?RC


M./G%EQ/[YDEUU/EH

Z0\J$DR2
M;MVQ7

1@J/5A$L7JIM[
:IU* ^4YT#E:332]6=R3@V$.[H_ L^*^;&O
MCVS9Z-]AW;CWNM$HU\T/Y.I


^23CEHV+(?:


FBWG^/EJ
9U$WP//M1_W*84V

9EY:IB=C(KA7Y=]KSDK5



\&
U[J&K+74SHOX8U*_+L?Z/-ER0%K3 +N
MB%W';H5]37(5OP_V=G&A?\=N(YIY[':8'O&:7/ZGB$XMGHE
;
^*HN0;^&]\
MFH^3O_6\QQ*)9O9X




M DF&UP2$


]5[!?^+8X;38.(R99]


MSZ

M^NTN&?S6[=ZJ/

1)[@49WW
M^N1;[^O7'M/$S3N4F\:Q@[UY-5LJ4HL@0SNV1U MX\X[#55.8L;X
#Z)[U/N


.E:FKI=W/B /





F
MLH!V1_&\J
V^\CG9*N
7X)8];HKAA!RED^1DJ!V^F%=(O$[)D#X\N##T_!-;


MK*AB)%8CF Y@N6KG2M,O59N@@@0 2(6,ZZ*(3#'$T2 
6)P

(5H4]=;

@&%ZB/R#O16F3WEX8SG28?D.L9Q[
MR[=I1.* 1+-AY#JN%;HTE='8H3I1LEL5GV[[[CA#?*+1)FJ6G4Q+7_!Q$@


$GK8)L  6P'J*

M74^C&@X-[+^!_#P7/ZJ(V4-.  ';*^"EQ;A5NUL0=/)P7'I!NL$Y=;H/8
M\O;/

M'6_:J6JJ8MKW0G[!?L%^P7[E=FI+5=JV:P20OS!?
%\P7S);S^K%;2C'H&

@6= NZ!=V;D&WCM(M)/NLDV5[%H:\0ZCWLA:X2$
CLQ2FY
JH
MD-ZI:P&A;] WZ!OT#?H&?8.^0=].O9AX+29-[45#R[:9)L01F5J/%E\3\MV#

 

M@ 50S *8AH[38V !8 $*:P'0C@-V '8 =D OZ8U*N0(;(0N&
@5O$(XU-:
MPC1@
@A\$HR(%_AT'!'#J
DY!C-&;_//_;

MZW

4Z;?KZJJD$
  /X&YK H:0 -H0.<(4 $JUBW,-;W<! \5M\2
MQ;M2;.E(1S0



DQ+EAF(WAP+,D56J(.N)*

ME:(0F^KZMT)@:98JIBFNU@=8 DM@*:#\KJ0Q+O $E@2WFP/&^6&DU-7#
]
ML2T=BG2P)I@%L[LN/ W=Q



A('GL=LC+D\

@ $P +85
$/+

 3(!)7)Y&


MWNN3;[VO7WM
$S=/S3:-8]TM+EWS:E*A/0W4]=E\:?Y^^4O]()Q8WBNOJ///


M




MGNSRE%H=44DE2;%411-89YKW5OR((DGD_F%DU#$R=4W@$=VP
K RL#*P
BMU

FE&B7
5#&[9-GN^





M %CZ@#4K2)A



 #VO ^DZ4CH3C?6D:N0


0WM8
)^^Y%8JPT'4PF'

N2R


@ X





6H37%'68&M( 6T

#.O-!MJ-
MI1OGR%
XXTL0. ^NY\D21





M

WI3^($LZ%'GX\C/42

M@;

M@*4/6*/21+YNF&17$4_.FYDL[^Z_HPZ))C2T.)!$*0KI.*J\H(-HNN@ E2
ME#Q5

MD2LK0![(0[K/:7
2U Y]W :QY1W943?5(.+N!SMF'?IH5DR!V3]%.+]2/K#4

M6D +&UT #( !
  &P #84\1#QR&!Z48[\A34^$[]B/?+Y-TQIT$4AS1V0SKA
M.1M#ZM.1&TN3L'%*K

M1H *4+%NSE3!&D+

2^P+P64$EZ5T50 
@ $P +;#83 &VGX#


#(
MO


MX









M$%MQ\L_7H[85C:^8D7SS3807$+




M=3UWXOI)&!$Z!YW+1.?:3-?XD*R8;EZ'Y*F#2_


#3+4\\A8C%9@](D@-PK#RJ
M]4:Y)LPI%&$;7SZ#))T?A&&!8:DV*F@)!




M@ $P  ; 
#U$+L/^&M.G

0WM8
)^_Y'
DQO8K9*6';OW;OR((..G\VJM
M;+B


1L&H!D FA


^R;L'FMS0


MOY&K7K_5;_?Z7TBK?=O[HW?;ZPXN#L'7S#*2N2KNHTB7SBBJHKC20[J'64

M



  &  #
M8  



R?4IE2
ZR.)^^
M5#/\0D)Z'WCW[





 3 %IL T#4QU@8?'


5JMD]5PZ%O^\RHT$Y@K0R[HQ&U8Q*
R@(*?L!0G_:\WZ#
MH153,G_-3U_(=M6/I7]15
4WX9 





M^FP*-7^__*5^$$XL[Y6CU/EGGK\XL8'$IIZW^
SG

O/WT_AWAW+H3

M21([;-HG-_/YK*)_V.K&7GO:Q86'7M?




?G_3MBV;%[[\8N/2G5*?= DF=W^HC-9TGVEZMU

K R*5H94Z\(K$B#E8&5@96!E7E[
MV7E5JXCK)%?HGJ8P03!!
$'[RT(O&75#7%^FW$]U%
GRC@_)(.3ZYNKK^1


MBKQR2G1L@Y^9D(UW'B7V( LKB

4%L'.]9#8:93TSY<IS/!KD
M@3RX-K@V  ;  !@ RSE@F#LBET&@J&YH/ M]GKY@6U,WMKQY4D/*D1+%F$,D
M'I%X1.)7^Y.8#4-<4AV( !&*$P$_ 2I !:@ %: LR?D
HA=JO/C05Q^Q(L=



WJ/#J;!=#9,UZOB
M.GN:3 -ID_/M. 4F6-%BIDYB ?Q*1^B8C8EF)L7GG@!3\Y[BU6X/?R-77
[@XA[@,.7<:XWSO6&:D&UH%I0
M+:@65 NJ)8EJH5/6F%V?]+0=B/*VQI&<6#_(
$T=@

M
R^T!#AF (3:.(Q-9/

M$;U&!5QZ
SI0 2I !:@ %: 5(*G%.!]828A7DQ4A8Z+F\4X#L1F5JN@U#8

DS*[HN;A('5L!*CEE!A@2H !6KD6V!

M A6@8L6!:$B0@P

.!'D
@LL9(AK''N5O^4$6#KODWHK=

@ $P )9S
MP#!Q1 
(4:+JTYA
GZH_DD

1E9MNNYL4NC

3L$Q1$4E]*M 3  !L  V%; :@*#VB +9($LNX !L#@NN0B
MSD1/?]6


@=&B8?$*?


M




M



MU




XUMWBTC6O)@?:TT!=G\U[YN^7O]0/PHGEO?*'
M.O_





M))A2'I_W[XAEQ^Z]&[OTI%2G7 PDSU[S-F44WP!&^#9R363Q1-Z+P!2R3M+Y
M1EB9XEJ9:KV)5MNP
K RL#)I]CEJUE'0#BL#*P
KDVJG]EH6DYE58M(3D:Q]


M[L#=*^Z





MR0WNRY$@FT_;*GK@K

[5#BH0]0A

\X&Q]G@4VH%E0+J@75@FI!M211+?1:6O
]<@=!N2R<CDAZ5Q  R  3  !L  &  #8  ,BR^T33@F &+3
M**Q]9

J4]';AS-3X:(QE9(/PXM7JJP'/Y(@SW%$*N7ZZ((RPM(B%X7E@:T





M]6E
IJ]J0
ZG+V&47TA([P/OGMTYL4/JN#$96;;KN;%+HZ10Q XF$WYXJ.61



[\BPZ=[AHI0LW5#@JI3)P(#54V
#76


'TEM

MG\D?% 4B7=YH61%B+8[UD4 LB 6Q.1.K-5O\-G: 6! +8G
F5E=MC(I!+(B5
MAEA-41LM?D(MF


2^


^_M[-#9VD
_1I ](AO2M!/8-?N_ @ON+MR-KJ1R/N?RHSPHPH-
[._'\FG##

;9?[UX=NO/X=J=T8@,Z#VYF;.VUYU[7+/

M?&?O+G^T!W^E=7%'?YR/^MU^^ZK?&[UK1F*WLS



MY[G5^@-RV;^X2
SO_;3T]]JQ@Q?:&#^IJX:Z/AL:9N_7O]1//*ZW
630DL\\


M

])MCCN6%AU[7*OCWT#ZT#^TK



+@PL3RA3APG;NJIJF




L


T



!4&)CE[
M&2$$1((Y\5@R^)W2B9"( I.3 H X@4B:-G^6QZ?^EZ'@T[01*?^Y*V8#
MIT.=/*&KO(@UM L?BGE@ MP 2[$+R &Q( 8$ -B94 


M'C02K$4 &(9&:3)GY0!U(!:%5!KZ!PK84@!S4FT#8'4Q#S[MN_'-*11_1Y



07@#8L5JE9J.2FLHA\$M;21F?RM./Y&/-QO;-2'^RR3^GS8!A%]L


MA=R1=WIQ0.

MG

(3N7*#$EDI5JF*WTBB:Y$


M4@M9OQ36MQ^:=


X4+A0N%Q3=*N%HF3+.U#FD@TJ_

MR#8;'
^/^:AG1+&%8V4I.!HX&CB:TLE#HEC0(5LH_I5JP*]^?NWU6@


!

_C@?];O]]E6_-Y*XG9WAH-L;C'I=


MTF.M[I*MUNSY0\LENJ43VOK9M(%3.@FRHUT^)V!D]]+M=7J7Y[VKYUAK: K1

M$

:
EGGKXX6Z2;4




MT8*&T
Z :P$6-UJ
(W?J.N&CD$ \(;M/
4;P !Y*RL
@\(6\+W J Z=\BCWE

B

PQ;!4

M
J


Z3<[1Q26






M@J@NFZ@N+I8MM0DL@26P% O+FM8R..Z X;H0)@7




MU*3!-26LFH;6@V

MH6

M_/@.1?H


MA8W!PQUR
)UMP

M ](9#J]&Y/RJ]V=_\)V]N_S1'OQ%VH







M@%.A17GZQPYZ)
FPRK
YUL(NFLI\J4J4 9<(2GFC7D6H-!2=A4H=8 )
@D2F)JB
M-JT
G( )L $F5)7Y$9N2V@-H3)-/KJL7QJ+]*AU
D@GSI!%%
@AOR
PBF
M4?*8=]Z+66KI%4L26)+ DL2K2Q(MB^

P3F2!\NO#2?^F




M3:P0(X0 F-
1'#$#%W)633)J0O,SJ<TZ1PA/]S
M,[5!%!%1W.HN#;O!<==(%4JX0) '2V_D##4:'%/1P1)8JBY+FL9S B6P%)U
M61(@[4(* I&3 =2.[*NFBB$@\CAX]6W?CVE(H_A)U%A6Q?R$:A@?![U6WOR
ML2]8GD!8'O0,K8C3BD2A*.]Y&^ 7!O;L)I-?MNP$-C 'MC;KY^0^H'P!L1R





MM&
I^#N)]%2NQ)'^DV!$QM2G-V[\G#XR99=UVJ@NCW6,+&L3;7
[2ZP=M4




M&)P8G)@\3LRTX
+@PN#Q# ]N+ #%BDT1;.:=:OPKCMT-4)@^\.N'IE]GA6



N/XG(2S

G'@1IES[Y
FADL2/
M%FA5?/SU:E FM6%MN-U[!GJJ!M%_%BQ:LV=''R:WCO^3/;YD\+
F%+&_N4E$
M3X3U

X(G;

M)_^2P)..L8/C9Q-OM4]K\FP?XWPKP'*S'N'$L*78:/
:XW*V9EW5^8Q3
[4M






9^QX:9B.;FEB:WQ\6S$F

1MP7&8/)R
R93((%&ZAE6O



M

3)+T


OAQ6@X



CHF&
M?Y/:OXEB5D*X
&&\5$/1=+N^O7.*=Y^(\O2/'4M)DKV69Q?V'B9NE!3)?]A+




E 0R
M*3DP5JMN8= %( #$4[JBHED&OTE_-6)(GED@+T^HD6[:_ST
HB@Y%^C&?;_@
M
-0X9(*($.@D8/*73M14U1+0R8(P 288H%IV!K'?6[ $E@2RX*I5W 
!:)



YG;B.1]R8SB*%

@2B F!6






MKK](=H $V5Z0P(_(F-X$(5U-\&/G(9_JEA4Y\E=O-.I:[N);)?*:H'O+IGN+


IFA+!WWB*Y6\*Z










JGV%/^UM3SW)GK


M)$F*R[



-'E3N3*6B-UIU&V 3( I$IBFCDP48 DL!<.RQO5(722B %I 6\ @
MUVH8*!J'1!1.77CIA'_3F-V;0GY2GX:.EYSA1)SIS/7=*$[._[RCA#[
J1^A
M9LDJ@Y/CEH=JJ++B025OI)


M2]7YJ2FB//V\@Q=B5(F)2$
1MX/)JA%Q $R%@=$MCBD5HI@^0@B(.#R$-$P=
M):400@#



M.5



$@MKTB)H+* 6U.Y
+3))0VH
ME8S:AF8CDP29)/EM5)JZT5)-HM,U,2DM:$*FR3K!

%)$&$%NR5ZY
M)2]%@


_


S''1[@U&ORQHW& TO

/B!Q2[\-K\CU[SWR5Z]]17JLU5VR
MU9H]?VBY8+ET0EL_FS9P2B=!=M#-YP2
[%ZZO4[O\KQW]1QK#4TANJIMNTPN
M;=]NJ3S/K=8?D








MK@58W&@QCMRIZX2/0@+QA.P^I2G! W@H*0^#P!?ROLI#)SR*7V5OS7U/'?F
M^MGAU; GV-.Q]M1A=I0TP(GI^^/^@HJ+R;ZA9.1X]*1@OMG/HO00OT7K(W;#
M;-8K=L%'/ ERJ-/KD-M&0&S9.!H2N]H3
5NFG4;O@:^!KX&OB977Z
I1I-G
K\2DD& !3<F P]@(7X.+5L9?=
C#VVB^4($?L_?
GHSWSQ';F

M DR 69+T%2E@1FX+J#U!
KVN6AR/^JMT.$4BR)=.$


3R5#%
O/

XBA?A4_ 22$V=O%;#F50TL





M#J0#F  38'*11W1;V%.YI( 9J1R@MGAJN6Z8 ;6@%M3F3ZW5
 M(.Y:OY-(
M3^5*'.D_49D3'UZX\;/Z2.0;-EUK0:JVV
- VL8:W
]0ZL;O$T%B^$ IJ3



M+L#%;E





MQ$P++@PN#Y,#-.#SM@D4)3-*M9MPKOND-7(P2V/^SJD=G'B6)%0GDQ8?Q4



MG_W!=_;N\D=[\!=I#[ID]
J!UX7;/@WROZ.K1/C/M$^T[9/DE*C0DWWZZ




M-W/OC[)LY8*

O R6UY&


'P-? U\#7S-UF6FH7(\)*_L7D;^XOG'VDM[
F'/-XY(2?4O4MJ
M9BC$I^]OT)7CQ'(!PW99N,'B7&6IT%LVO^*YX $\2,Z#IEO\!ES@ 3Q(S@-&
M3: 5&Q-RW6S;H


5^@HE9YQ



6+;(?$9DJ&
M\/+@TM$GG_A@X%3P %%5] .=V^]Q


3E/T1I-?;?1JAU(.^2QR
R -9J:=@+;2 5CYHH40&T ):&!8,  F$V:TFH:!634E@6NRB<59'4_






I:5;
M_

M*0M[&TV7WM PI%

2[GL7WX2^ZJURX=F$,_Y;#OPK+L I:]*G&8JT3^2[CH
M#_\%_W6 _[*4AJ'Q*]T)_P7_!?\%_U78J2R*IC8*6*2%^X+[@ON^^*^_\Q2

UF)E.@\78HZ_;::$.



MG#!9/0C2W?N3[?G$*04 

M04(X  -@  R \0-

)RPI85B@@[H *4 $J)*?1 H*:  -B!&@ E0@1N0Z_:Y&
M:D+?CVDX6;LMQ^)\V(G%/2O=_*!%:NA%W *=UD8A+@




J1X *4/'6Q%S5ZBWPP&'V


@V2!+(0N  ; $+J$
M(JOR&08;IW'Z04QS/8I3,I0@GT,^AWS^\K*FJ?)+'04/X$%R'DS%MDRD'8 (
M$+':7-!0+-7D%R2PC0XE!@73#.0EG#@69(R%4$0]404%JP





9F73

M%;A(N
B3N$A+:1@:=_T=+A(N$BX2+K(
+K*E:&J#X\$5\)#PD/0\)#E\9 U
MW5)4W19A%(F% ?A/^$_X3ZG\IZ8KNFW5C=-W:6&F&OK/?^*T]KCKWU^[?5:
MNSS7I[_=TM3?:;KZZTN3





X*




M_

M@+5

M/&3Y-CIP  [  8

-@HM(L/@HW50;*CA%HN@
M)0.L9[ :T))!%LC*I417$V2!+) E@0X!P  8 'M:!U(U)'3GJW642M+HTAL:

O3J(O3JB@!J* ;70P8 )^ $G+P&
ML@V-8Z($T 2:0).7'&


M?&);=SKE5@N&DLUOM+5[

):

W_D' !;CRT+4%K_#S( 6T ):6%

&I+)B(1X2\H48R*C1%;3:P#Q)$@(AG\4VUD
\&(D $1DZ@
M E2\M?RI:W4'N(SY19(Y,K[V K7CQW_ISOVD&$ /1EZLIRAJBR &4JS:2+
M!W !KCR$A*:M 2[ !;@P- 1@ $PJP!J*W6C@_*5\=8\RR1M]_XY&\2PIC.#Z

[QQ_0B
2!R1:C-WZCJA2W.9M9=%&]-TI='4
M(8YQU






MN@RXGG?X:SIV^ 

@ $P
M  ; 5HJ'AD

/3

MVD35K/34==[')7W8/54^:!.XE38E XE*2
PX\-A
F2H^B'KXBZDT&QQSHM[L


F(T)J*:G(\ 0I(  G)D3 5K=$$


A$X 6FE 2P(@U]!8=K*0M9)FK2!/!7DJ
M6 X4/4*5B27DJ0 FP


*^\#+A(N$BX2+E)N%ZDJ



MWVZI/

M\W3OJ3LD$^IYR\]\/5//TO?
UT]6[_?W?S
G_.GZV4TZBSA8_4



5





MP;][HS31OMVY[O^[?]WOC3[O85^[+U/DV]V\JK]Q]E Y['D3QVR%W,P1A@C
MC!'&&.$






M !@  V  #(!)#1B&AKN#A2R'OG]'HWA&V86N3RY=SZ-A)]COQ*NR:HE0V*&P







?7KCQE%VGD%TZX3TM[&3I'NOS]SS0*PT&R[4
MNIJ[AED6*'B%A\RD(6ZD(#
  &P  8  -@  R  3!



MTFDHY91* I]




M24BG;DQNG(GKN;%+HS3C81+

C<.OY/2ER?).1.0^<F)F/'2Q(A
MDC




M

J#J0;328A-2)**E-:?;J4U*&(%TL3^LM)B_H/POWSO&2(HVB*!.G
MS*-4&_QV5D.IJYX'+QD/-=UJ\JMV@[1]P%)B6#2#WT(N8@=PD!P'5!
 %:!B

M^K%#9?^NJ4IL@Q 


:V $[8(?A)(:3 *RP

M!UNMV^ !/('+#=
_AMZ@


&H^%%
MO]N^3IHZNFY?]RY[@VLR_)95$/YV


ER5L_FS9P2B=!Z
1NX'].H

M;[=4GN=6ZP_(9?_BHL_L\_V$[_?:\=8MKEVS



O\_*R6D
U^562JW1-

M_]_]ZWYO]'D/^]IYX8-/KY;F7'3QC%X0 ?3@FG!M&!:,V8%DP+IG5PU^'8

D[[8*X=DYP+(I3G92--P8A]40%%B076P
S2H[^ .


&
Q(Y'HW2


L@M=GURZ







XF/Q-@GGL!GY$6



Y'($Y FL0@3G)]7#<KD.%^C8
MB/*\])- PKRPN4W4'Z#-2)Z5Y$YW%_L:3BXE.*AQ5S B079<@YP2((Q4G
<:\Y[

$=@CL VG

T8FK[;5IOSDAM['$XD)BCBH<5<R&Q/;V[;6M=+$$<L&
M$XL3(8XJ'%7




_'V(1Q$T4BM#K3;SM

M&M%+LU!D=$5G_

M)3%ZO-MM[SHQNFPQ:B'99




Z5RS@G]PJD
M5
.H8AN$D347A7




P1V!+)+#]_:Z]T;X;3UJN


5KN;@\OWQ_=OFY$H%[G9;7

AA2M['UVI\TYM^VK#][[JW?OK@ _[TZYOFL?BY9HW%-3#G;51J
$]![^



-!K23'67H3

M#ZQYON0T7X#&.MA

H[+

QPN)1.20O
9T=WCNX<W;DI

P


E1DZ
F)Z

I1U4;D;UC4[#:%

M/_'CX+C=6;K+\$FAL(?#S
7)G)1\@&;U
BBZN[MO




M6X53;D



M&+&U









M3%F(DD)D03J]T^\?I3X28 YGY01#=1


MQF%ES0=^/L0JA)LH%*'7FWC;90Y_1
FK6=L^$NO?MZ&79J'(Z(K.^)N7IW$4

MM[Z2PJ&60RV'6@ZU'&HYU'*HY5#KL:!S5?;W9* 'F?!SX6V'@O]ZA67W%
JF
MQGCXA_BKC&[\V T;N


M15B70






M2 H__J7T
S\ITNPJZ:?9R^B-/D6S^+T^#KO_[W?_Y9YCL#'VXZ#8*T3(K\
MDS_!-YXF(7R3E2)\%_F]**8101=1'L1I7F9/P*@G H/XO^SUMO+[J[G8/_



^OW@
M[.YVG!'IC
AUDF$;1%R= V
M/ZI-(0AG


+R(\:-9@#WU%/)R_$* (PWMQ14'@T+CCMML/)MO@1[*XEZ@U




)N?WP%+@LO

7'B$%W0HF-!0D['
M(O
+E6&$]1C5-WG9RZ
P\C-D(7)!V'4
]@/K+C.Y)[I4#)!!
&
X3S/X'AA.



M\Y1\C;A32\*K?TLB?- UX#^ ;7L+W[GUZDU]JY=E!C=ZV_+?!3L\2_
D\G=^









ZQXKY(!'ZV]EBS/XEG@O
M*@\@.-%J


M



EBCM=A@8=
)S
JO;SB+Z33]FEW4-2)S ;

*P6Q7VD4U

M


M T*=4

MT^),CQOVK$(FRRL/@,^)*7P/H-*-TBB#1!2B8#;?89Z=\B=
'OD B!9V=&
M#&WDQQA;NP$:'J#08 E&=EWXIQ\ -I'H08N=Y$X4BNP5O02-8VZJ)&-X^)8;


H@!RC!(1_(V1




M8O)3$642VBK@JE0


D8K524FS0N1T0(





-!NT5RGNM4E5)
M#5(.I

MKMI.F+
E$4?Q)
KVL/+D'_;:)VI 7
-PXH?]]K[EI:\2.6#YMB$/7&;

MM&KR%WE@W0+\?K=0G=NO:B;S)9M 7^X=!_!=6UBJ +NL67$880X*E4Q7=S*B





MINZN BL#5!W1@ 8E$YTK8&I%23GB515Q&AGP0^!GX4]2IW&7\8^D(O\J&(*
MT^ZE65TO5.=X(3
?OY5U:[!% #S*Q/2G8
%4$3WR

M@)99[0:

$?0 2$*'IG='Q)V-U_?HSS W


M4TU!K;6&(^=S/M=*[/DQJ8GY4. E?O'\]1^V&




M#-01

(DH!)S8W
MM^S#-']U8I

)K27;





M9.!-+981ASK.4-Y.**/1E&M?_SC&?O? ,$D!R%52WP+J(*[;U)5#?M5@H:O
MDBH CR'(P=.WN+D@YYTG.-OE%VLG1#Z2B7@T ^1J^OF/+'9_K1KS#@!\74%
MTJ*I029B*W(?*/7
DA/.'#2R=3#O2R&8SB8A$A




L#
;

M&
W;6J5?Y:32@)$E@W2HLI%5U56U$Q8U*'E(Z4251'V]$OJ'2D7]**4'@]9
MP834W-9E
;
!8A ]X:HMY5@EH


34'9NU07N.OZ

;:=)O=2[EE:M.+-
?T&SDE)\ ]$H1ML7H9O#JC
MA[*X=5'5='+VW/Q'


M6VYHB\Y=4O*D5Z@??2

E(1@
M+ K5];]D_96M]D,-:G)7(#F$RJ9NU9P=VMYE?5(=[3_T'29O5$HMRV=-N_


M/G 'F&JJ6BJ-0(




M=6I3R$
^XZJQ:1V7Y +JR



M4AH]0!V 



:
M02
#8TNUX
%R$ D@PAPLK!?H73$'.% ^#WM)IFLC





M; ((P2%:=FM5:&P


Q4.;S

R
WZXO6J;&/L\6(3\#





-B1$P%-W 5L3D
M[N(*6M!QKH6E%B0?\
TX'VB+TX7/Z'15R[




M06!7!60(EMH8



M[:
&%QMWCZTW9*MW-%







J!IG2%7C5*&;JV2#JL,)D&L,W9K(^_YP20V^<QDRP,'\FP'.<AHK#
M& [$)A/U)ZQ7R8IFZV;5)J94LWJQ?7?

MX3G.!78YBBD+1'5
D?FT%8_(Q$TDL
41YQI)YV[X\H,=T\@
==Y:\!8Z
X
MU)9P-$(3FH.
KVU-A+?RF!TK3]FWLQBVK]\LXK26(&?'U+
#N*X=54P!KE]F
M255HU8^^X=^V



/9.LR+1_9?X'Q6&Y]
MDHGZ+*PDK*VP-M_T(_Z%F3V+5.M:3\!::^H_T/TQ9JUAPK*^B&23HFJ@%;?!

*Y
MX85%XS'0T8VM3**;JJ:6 

9\E+3-?K0H&L(_-8O:=CY@(U@X$409;YQK)
K)8-3*LP3KHYWF<?BJ4-1Z<FIL4OTW
M]11@3A%0,QZ^JP]&N.
6XDP0493JK4%1SW?)5+(F0NR?V#-3*09YE3&A7QU



M5AS&4X@5D9E3JX5DWR5G.K'3R



M+ZG,RS'IWM(4:W@'_G1&:73E*R0H !YD-L\)&U#&-ICNDU-0VZ]ILN=6ZP
MI[Z6::]:_4SEVS?8?M+;DQG00;V*1)7EHI2L]9.I0CBD+=/P*L%H

M_[E(#K7/=&


M NN0]*P-(6

MB!GJ&1C%4: ]-++O)BU



#1'=2XO=J4



M86?L??_1^TSE9*W*/KY*@K:WO77VF1K1 &/5EUZH@$%JI$V^*T*Z_.(=7 YO


E]0-REW6O4.XVZWW!?OP%L(?U38 B]$_



MJ&V9W



^J=H
M1!GC()S96Y;*K=I@
V
QQC



3O5M?[WMP04


@IY*$K5Q%42

.J%D
MBA
W]. -T' F8P[3\$-DE)98LDX1

;'Y@O9'SHC[.
MV/;\T^79UBM0RD@:Q'[/870DD5I5%4;1K.LP+$Z$HO]F]S(TE!!LQJ\PJ-
M/J6&W[GEG7V^8N_QQ;L*V%/[7K!C
OOOVJ6TG1O=^JUF?VOMMU]2WS=T:]SH


M=TU!@3F;PE6W/-E_.U2




M +PKRD_1(P_GKB.J)6*A=KSX0=B-K


)AT

MH6


HN;Y.^'&^TI8-=D0_C*;B5FU\EXT&KM5%<!6S6];CZV*-7(7:_%TWU=



W6W.
,0 QFP7#4IQLL)O_&<JQL
TV6J8D:[!:-D7!8L [6'48VRK*96%B(8


EB
M
=?V;S):38&Z.PMJE;]=A[$I-Q80[LPQM.8\HSJ5V0=.'9!NI&]TE9&5+?B6
MEF(+QJ3


0WD790!@N95VDLSJ7FUYBA1@&


G+[=/SN]W#V[Z!QU3W8OSK;^-<573&+_$N$8B0_B
MUON<COQD(;-8;Q;[2;8.JW:+%ECLGNK[FO_
?$^8&]H#%%W9/U.RSN%.T &
M9SN -X#T5\F9N/&N3W_Z\+N6_T=O0.E1G[J[;T[/KO2GSALD@000
Z $.%#I



M&A\'*\.YRH7RW2X\H18%$


M9N(RB-'
^S*)% ^;L*#PO^D*

6.U[][EUASGOGX
YUSY$:

MS




MWHFLCU49Z^5H5$NWFB




MZ^4^KHTO&[K&F:UL; --5VTHC.*

MT5E2(JE.-31]A2

7]?6JS1BPY*@[

M?V*Q1YZEF2U+;.)G;6H+@[
#BZRUHI]I0O^

?[E!:



V%%PHD9!EVB4\H@0A[

M;2OOS6FD;W$D[P\'[;WF@='.2.;60\F)^I3IN2 \GHS<S\W6Y<W6J<E'SIG

MO);[H7BZK/OFB;1SAQMPYN'

MJ)D= P)]7?*:G[=VM^AS#LQ#?7Y\#.$VHOA:\Q5?].C#)F= OPQKEXK?Z8



)=@




Z-H]!8<\KIRT]<QBP3HI[0(IA6F)J

J;



NZHC5W7DJHY<U9$C6%=U].P!











MKE);'&?B!F=





B[=Y !VNJZJ%M+?J.G5 5*.^E/;O\



*Y7KK

M!HOJ0)'V5)DW8W


X*RVTM5 -%=\ D(106A4.I31&E9A4SV(8*=1K





MX95

2.TB\R']<K[0F0)Q3H=^+W

M9=YR.YTZ)8(&3T(

E



=


]HUO/5AT[3[?S=_0QCOVVD&M_=$[%:$YVGCCQ+_S=#OSMNDZ
M]P:9P-M';6L1?^?I=I[N)VOCJVNK]B1UO0D=UU;7Z6]S&OKMMZV9@??W\VL


4'NWP6?=


MI@^+V6\GY

FA@Z&Y6V'N5L_YO!4\#\8/





M 6.


/DT8^BSX^!!%


TA)THW&L1P:F6OMPB1:

MXW1@\!4]B]-$OEOB23SUMQ)SX[% 90?5M#R7\X !S1(B(2(P8AEJM'9+/H!1
MMXZ;4_H7$ E:!SB.M8ABD]' HTAOG=E6/XV1R/D5DD





M*3&'FX#IU_73/22M6T%6!\[





R
M R8%CF&OC+T 34(4''4OLJE&&OR&IW-+)U$E@92[J
4





:VM\X^7X$*1%(=-=-;

\[8RAG99%+.3Z69]A7H)N](D'

P

E7[5?&Y\2P&\C#WW)
M43]B^/GX99XKE(;_[PDPON$YG XM37I5[$OW5Q&]DWG#2[GG%+Z+\/_9$O





M'Z9J(CVBG1'K813Y0Y

--WT5P

M'3-Z%\2370?U& QCCJ^D(..9G?O*-C8
(C97K/D#=BWG ST :VQBAIV
%IN8

:/2
V74*Q\&DV\$&'D 83
M&)L1V#CX VX67DR)!K_2@=UT
4'ZAM83?CU.



M9+F1!8)!VBF[&\

4]?**_L.;8]\<.T
M-1/8F+YZZU7;NR)1N:LRA:6?*F4DGPYK]:I;5GUTQL$2_-E'M9!G[A/
9E
M(2


M4E!E!BI#9XQ)^N;)F!Y)BK#[R:0U72*#3E1BP*M442TR5&8RTX@C(^NY5^:


MIB*9^DR/+?%I6@$&C!S+1&$\AC#J]X$02$Q.;^C'W%QM*E].;]7IC]K%S
0P
M^[VWW3.3A-


M6=AYXXWV$BBSDH*]JO


MVE$+)JH45/TJ5+*!T;. )/\PRC&A$:R:5M5-!4@E 5+!I&[4)RCE@NK\
L%]



M+@4M54()?(2]]4441&-?U:U21S;*XH




MRN_T]T^.PH5E-$]D[69AM*6%=@/\/WX#5\GJA-VJ&U



MM38M*- EG21SS
FG^;S&]]L-2-$1]2:J60T]









=3H_9T2G)^P=UO(6'I'S08OY



W)4H=J3I8ZE-M
E'.RU&&;DZ4.U38.
MU9XB2YT?V+(?^+YD@


M\


YAG


8YC&L$X-8&6 [C7@+&

ML\'M!]L@L+]C0C6+6SYI6RM\6X-227U?+Z
!W]G/6SB&8.LGO9UGPN\-$TR.


MRY&6_;#\D7-B.-)RI+4
==!:O
L1EB


!+ #+_#S18%IOS!.!
M.J!N*]1US:72!.J .J!NNTFDL?!63(!+ K




M34I3*0_2M6IUG+VJB/I3F3DC/]SN(H\#WVEX[^KVX -)J5:$O1G+*+'T;N
M9*%6AJU[04)-
7E %5 % P8#!J@U)@X$4 /4 #7
%3%7!*I@P&#  +6F0:T+


M=UO?

:^@8S#<
M#@ '@ -JQ@%J)6 L'QL8  P !J@9 V3^0&-I=9K :B?NE%CO@IY[[M5TIM

HXL@^X8( O( K+F?@Z#
MJ8
!+  +P)J9K#Y

8_%P
MB;THH %HF%F'BQZL _  /

+LQM3#8%


;)[/4/H\8$$4Q^S\COOAUC4W

E0&5^92E0(KP$J#
ML7(Q&M+_  /P.4R-6%'  ''+S,+PREQG*7A =-QF3]=$A![]+T$HW+-)
MIHS54FF\]QC;

MS=NLPG3
IMSWRH!7S5!T[EQ=(;N#L$+V)W: BR7YE*9 J 2I.ATNUTS$4V
M P 2[/!,FQ? P \R1;2UN0@A0 50:3)4NLXE3B;L A:$VFV4X4TJ$^X'

(NZT F T @UF#60/J8-9@U@ P  P
M \  
  


KQ$3!+  K!LM9%T :P
^PO'?W?7B#<.$3YR]2MJV^R0_ _578%_7X.0&7($?3=-AK]3L=


AX'(LD?KV#-LY[


]1Y(. Y(U^@\_2CZ2.


M0?0H2+CTF_1'J4KC7(J3JBGU![M]DUG?FNX
QJ93!3:J*= L  L *L,FV4T
MVQ2@!6@!6K/H@![JH$L(



MT^\LC@+?8W_IZ/\LD:\5-6'*D%


P$J@
M+P









:1ITF0Q8:*VD%(5

;[SPZR1/$VB
MV1?9@D9_\^![R?CUU57[LG/5&_1_G*U?:&T2\&DL7L_^6('SHO7%4-Q%L/;%


H%M!+2U;QAY

M ZX!UQR':\SFWK!][

SIQV/
MR3RVR


/\ S2*!8RF^K=E),$8 &PP Z='G1Z
MYLJ^VS*28 &P %A@Q_T2\ !X #QPVCQ@=_#EI$$X %P ([[S-











L$


Q3?L*
MS18
PL4(:%H$S?-A=26K3MRHPD-I]B29
;W=*ZZZ#FE^C



M]BXNS9W'.0V








MUH])=;




M'+$+1S0LR-20#+./.B#33VB(W'PA$\?I9*J6
7&YW7@VK-)X\.SGY\-@533H
M;


9Y




MRJ&.Q6




H#Y1G7^7I;JT\S=W\/%R07]3Q

ME

M[:R6I-U&T*9U83C3DW9OO#PCMJFD,I'*GF^C9LT![\J)+#JP25+(G81;N?


M*R&S2F[)F-


[/WG_Y='WVTU+YPGG1




MP-*I%WM7P;RHNNPF7GC(^@#!/2O8L:-
F565R*ZU/7Q:CPQ5&J%]Q].^K4LT




MC1V?'O2J/B.\]XUUN:^:%^*L((ZOFH[&=W[


UI6TKM+T;





2?%J]8J.8'4E^2[[
:
]/\9-Z

+5=D7
M









/]Z)FQ(
M!7W %NXHM2O



XN#
X^0]4



MFQ



M?7HZ4[-AMWMYN$/&JE/4-TLIBUX]35DTZ[?3??
Q4_98Y]MHL40M@HCV'[BO

^+TV



M'+-1-$NT%S_P*=VMC_(ERI^4Y= K/'AQ8OQ)L



3Z=6?*5V81=K9MTBQ<6;DZCQ14!49%: FD1




MJ2VUI

@]FR28)
MHTC2\
Q= ZWL!AT4M58NBUQV+=7-6\)QX&L2TSU6D[&
I^;;S\MN[#RB9?6Y
M3SV4.D1#SX
*3O.-B\W6/$79\XU6F?W6K&2+4[#\+:L^V:6'+

M2[ZH)7_Y$\3MXSG/O=1Z[V-I.R57C[T=ZY^7+;*_[*Q8\1:L^O$SLZS#2 H^

M


@(9&0%I(K[7%8VL$9TM'T=
-@\9!




Z6'_!#[3\NQ1
M[0 !_R%P 5S 4  0  0



M-GO




X$YQ9





M E


K



M I[':J$?

M2Z)X(0SZ6.V+1K&0]]JY;&/S_':UH12NJ 44 HH)7F3AB 54Z32PR'+,I(



/54=OMQ527-\


5S
MMJ+3AZT )H)Q:K_HMT!( PL0$YG=RB@Q8B0]/@_:2F+:(=9'?9OH(7  XV


M%\!5(W#!
0^( 6* F&40@X-^U4'_*:&+RX!:_1!5
H%;H +PSL
[9H-\H#_0


I()%M\P/[T6<Z,-23'QW@U1U
MAOUV_2\V%9+%8RX%FTKN:C'2%5/A^71Q.7K:(SWUHE0%_AVXHWCF[]-W6HO

M=^T1Z$['%FNAK4T\TPA!:&4#=

M7!E













M

M^7-/=3&
YE70ILBXWF7=M?%+KFZ90IXK==SE^.\)[NMTL*U3(=_7'V'_G%-Z


3^.4[6@HS]C

&8GL'B1/(QOA8S);/U\'J7)3RI

M&#A


K7




IR[%P,;N[60N\








M9Y



B&%-5SJ7/60DQ$L !8X:1:X; _! 7I[3C
J8O







U&K\2


[9R2F+28;VG[-[-SR

;WZ


MZ%[K6XN%72.=^3Z_55V1?5%\790E;%Y*XCS*RP'%8R%4ZN4*
6]R1:\OGZ7%



MQAG8&7D:

M
)+@ 7@ O !2:X 'M$.^P1Z=C @C+=S$XN&?
++FU=





.:)'X77H?=^
M



6IZ/8



D79+C&=D9XQ=%U@RH_8EB\@^YO3Q
M#T4?S\KLN8YN(9RE.?LI)??K=@Y
[G=Q47'FM&%=
KRA?VOONZI).S%^QQP_
MY.PRF[/+N3KU+'._WKR]R2:T8_I.R*T/^T 5D3ZN[ R(V1)BVQENI6V;+6NL


MQY#138&*;T!JV$/DFS'R4JD:UKW2Q3VZQYQ);)2['1(S%S-\0$BPH:C?0V7A

G55^2QP(PE66Z.51 QBIO@('

@  ]6_
M@

$:  :8. J#BN66&

M43=NL\P50JW@X@? 9K?UA^U+( O( K)@N@ P  P  \  
  

JZFLVRN_Q
M99[-W)VG R]X/
Z5
Y36IN'NKJ<*N#&XG04^YY/RW@1_S4/
M?E@J4\;V*@EVBGXW.+;AV+;2Q@%@ !@ !H !8  8 '9
@#G.!0HM EJ %J!5

M'P 50 50 50 %4#%KJCH79BK$@@X  Z 0^/@@


73+/4^RY-IQ(M/2'@UPQ\2<6#KHP)S53-4]
P=H 0:@(::HP$V
M J@ *H *H *HP


M2Z'K8

-7#8'V!8$)

CUQ.Q







M099OJ.0TPDW9OCD?]CH5;. @A@[;IL#=4N#X905GQ0$[P ZP6X)=!1%V0!U0

PA/(NK\G_
PAU D





Z32$!;RI%




MDGW])#&Q ]ZT.@1 2E8$,]R!M)HA(]O3Z:^*'&'
DR&S;7)V6+\K'D&5+^
M^?4=\U*AAEEI6T1BUIH0J]O4
P&OG^=
MG.-'6[-X8]/G]^_9=. AW%QY%T_9W0R-8W!.H-(VI_]HH6\Z1_3UBE+BRR

M(YL((@RO

MGFMIN(E_K_I^GH92T!10H6/.IS/DT  7*N#2CXE

_EH4YGK0&%4?\HT+A]Z




M;J[8TAL_\/\W
U:
MN-57W\J0CRUZ9Q%0GE]?IKDX/!.GW?;'=/]/D*6X\
% =\7* (4L98B''-I
M-T$1H A01!




&0#09$.TA\  \  _Y?7US*R+@X63P8)E\RM2FFRA.].GD2%47


-L)MDSMRV'









M*^A5760%O8*L[)B@6C3=/^X!5FPD6P-J./'@QMU([G;=NR1)YQX8% P*!BT
M3@S:'2(4!PP*!@6#@D'WW$CN(10'#-IH!H7@7O33_9QPPNG:ZPM_ZXN8*X(@
M%\,O9YTS_9GZ[,X^Y^TNG
X\TGF_?CF3T3
?A


ZN(N6O!




M_?^]^'_?WITQWZ



M]-&C\8N)'?3W*MDF

/B[W(9$$(5('4J&8C?F]*N@I0B8?T*R2#)V<(N:UEY%]CHC6-3I
MS7JZK
7<S^' QN.Y<#][-M+GC?#@=;8[U
MEMA=%'FQFN9[

9
0%S1])\4#]
MH.M)C0@=I+9Q2JI'.COB

T^TY22WSVY.WNP

UHR



L^;(]]^SH_GCC:26WFN5*&
F5U=
1D(N
MEL(]I\44JHQ
F5N:C8[>F=5S'_MUYH&F8=DR*B9F5$G1)6W-,?38_=ZY2T%
M15Q9H19U3'TN:FH8R0D/5O5RL


1.&6*USX5AP-:*


ANYL*9V=

;:3)XO\I^[J92J&
=4

Q!;CFF7@8-!K7YE6%:SS;)XH

@]R6_7!$?N.\T^_)3)<J;E+5P
M+J_/)9RZ






I']:Q['J1B]F8I I[D
MV47;[*L0;&5
]A'%;U$B6+?%SA24KEV=LU2]^[.



M

#OLM


MM*1C\0.G&=6=%-E:2SUY++P[H9^[?.E]1(M =8S@42F/

]='7P3_G[TW;VX;6?)%_[[W4R \

@P(-%LLZG?YE9A8T$*8HL







M6(;FJ?1!
N
U\_=S/]W*W'/E69-H1


SY*D0V+6MBV!#0.!





JGD&P

MQIZ



AU]HD1';9T5F.
J)0WS


M._=A4*M&Z# =)X(E3I$W:Z( 5GL
@@J@KJ3$HP:/:3LJO[58A!?46.VBKU


MBV$IH..HD#H 6M99P9

M%[U/G.72:CRQ\.Z#8D^H+

MH






M=($69ZSQ2%'[7KKA?XB%S.L%LY1-EIJVW=AH&K)FGEZKU4MR[SR^4E^C+

R\KY&I)3Q7/
^H*MUD6:LG32.
MZH93TKQ*P:NJI$\
O!_;PI@S@5WSUY:*9(YE&3W^J9OBXS[;UPE]J1CH?:

2(K4HD!08@=P&)P
M
2BR6HSHRP*FZQ\4@-1^S)_F!$^5)RT+/((I-J+/_'P'?'



MQKD7%B4RX&7G]N7Y=QE(@Y\^O/OT[?U-*:H\#7U?5F#+YF?4IZ?
L;4+E_&G

INJ3)M.J'X97N




ME47V$ 7/LN6CB8WECWCY6^IJYLK?/


M?SYC0B;:7GD@MRV2'VJS55[I[REFX41RYGZ
DAJ



MW7E)F
P3


Q%10@5KFWY%VR.P#-4J^;F#\

M/6A'X^:\M8.^S2N6]6K;*\T5Q-LJ6SU*UHOK=.Q*Y\J=M6NIDZ5Q(D:;:-'*

MS.&&5 9$!2Y\.7.O=2/L0'CF:
ER0^EIX!P]U[&':4.NC'DZ*L/G\8K-_W



M
DO=5)LIRGM?2RF4FUW  WR3K


O4W*G2)E^Z13Q\31-[.O F(ZW:

!V76I:PS[?3;9&D:N[#-M#AGSS

Q*N?








.='9QK;#'$
I)E)
M($[#*
E+G

]?\;7YS]?#X8Z6A
M&P:$5Y1. 4XFI?&)NE;^^OSRO-GU9@.0:40=P9GJ!W F]#+2:3Y\#O=L6'$V


O=G%04:Q&5*O1P6X8)S$]AL:F+N!5

4





M

@MFPIG\(X4O


! C5^S14AY:7Y5F8@(
MUV$U\)E

MLFSY2N+7B5@(^C2+'@FR;PK+(P4SETG


MM:FN4LL%N4$

MU61V=&8M$.Y(T3E6(.X59\T7CDOXQX_T
]%B6]A@K?:;

M#Y%!T@SN#D22$T
1M&K'Y

%DI(#7#7))V+J %+IC4I\1&C\




7J/;Y2F?@2[-)J!A(5:



_MN#
@H/P
L!G6NE!LQXKMPTZ1ZB$4B3RFO

MPQ/SV)8
:Z'/(;Z#-



=@.P3W<






3\CA\!(K
MNSY6[L8.FYVA%^PAVIIF68R1(J'$Q79!^.5;24*;!7F


'X0+POR<=4R^V3F3!(FR(+A_;'B421;@4FL_%
M!/G1?ZKZ

VM@4@K$DB%+N[XB2Q**EU:]








BZE2(1*

$T5F23Z4+D
MS*#_B;H7_


4:'2LP!77C#Z!4-Z7Y%J'7:/
M-LBQ\Z+8(S/R:X^@Y(FOY=S?1Y@(1AB5]K



MY!=6(%A(ZS

5&3T_;I0.;('/^CYV@4=

MZ!$=#/U31&A@5LX7527




1-NZR

KUHY4R7IED4ET
MI]CB(CD.RW9X90^UKFW9*LOSR3




UY((=


M#T7(OA;H+1]CM/(KW!O &^+B
MFSS5RV#=TFSKCV BE1XHH-*IRJ/(,GB6^XD4'1HJ87II)%&EP'=O3G]&@ZG(
M9925B.+!]-X=46J^K+F&*!4




M


N]3TL]X_)6R;1S
Q0=2AT5&P@#5PEG&7#^K_%EA_B
M'
3L6R2/R=N6J5K

:BF_H?B)#





.6Y8/++\8&E;<+J*UMIVKX97'D
MWR'':5,_RH^(O?\F[/TJ9U$0*3MLH?Q93.-5FT8Y8X[DUV@1)RH](3:OAEK

CIN(M%]$#5



^
M--8#U:3$E


H-_@L2XHP2#

M9U3[%K,+Z_.1C]4GE!Z=-W3BAN'N]YWUO8+V[ZO,POE#SSH!Z[C358J.&P









%ZA/4(\POKD4-Y*@:%2YJD+940


PBDD5DMZQ EI0L*5E2&H%5EI1L3+*(9!')(I)%)!N3!J)/8Z3R

$


$OO'V29:?SQ9@7UG(ZP88344&-,(W*'$4*7#?\4^ &)*6#B+E
MSO&=P!56/!




M*:-R+;K6*/ 0
S/

;98V#K6%BL3M6Y

0R'+R6
%G



M-7BA6@AVC+[K=AF+'4Y






M[JP(_;D3@5


?[VG[?SO===F2AYQU9Y[CU'32:





M0;'3:#.
/BSG^@2NED59QZ75?M
5K-/[Z;BK.]-'P_9\+$Y^G:-SP])N/X:
M@@S'1@/VQNR+6G*2#PJ%F;!R'!DP=B@8#S:&#_=]@D=*!$G5@36MZ:.I#Q=

@
@

-H^I8G%EF*Y;HV_8/M1AT+
N-#T/V7J0?]]GW
MQS 2\%@5@7.?K&D8/3K1A$_ CRN^-#X;\Q0UCBWST06?@)MJI'7
%AOJ:-;.



M
N NS\SYK#ZX)*N_\#(#3



_1R)QOEL?IE
!WP[$*&KT

K')ZXR




X=F
ME9LY6:E@F-T[7KMF=KJ$M_X81S_-!PP_L +IT8N4H \^^WG\  -G)UA6-B




8P$/%85V+I/UE3&Z7:J

/VJU&1E+_92K;X9#
MGF!@6%I.I[F$)2YCB25NNQYC7PQ:$W



@.
X







Z8FSU4*;W@3K=


MI=*.]UV\K O7LRV5N*/2L794


6\=C-JH*C3^OYA)



$O#L'N81GU2]0T90 QA(Y5&F_=S96E
M
;

M);DZD


MA61=R8X&.QJL*5E3LJ9D3;E)V!M7X]F!/
O;1H

[4-E2XT
[;<^QC$%]=#M&QBF2K)]:?K,718
MW;&Z,\Y:9[7'LHO5'JL]5GNL]ECM'9?:ZTX/+V[/-7M[?6U?#<XNKB[/]77I
MVK=)UZCU!DBCCG1JNGA9IZ9G.RYQPR5NN/2,JFF0VDL-EJ:.%UD/CI^*FN9*
M+]#1AM6L& 7P:EF*M5(8N7E%M;VI0WLN#1D0AZ^C

B.Y2

MYHNR


LFUY



0'BM%+[NRT'8F#_/XV1VZO/X
MV79

V*?-W%9^EEW:65Z7#W#5&9?,D.TS1L'%I3#L\RP\J0
M$68'U@]=U@_/6TN;1?]V#+%F\$W=M=79
W57K(Q_J;VH [/*.LV&K)7:=%F.






M9*W


M!CI&7N[9



MERDXTW?=?A[/VI\69X;5^W1I&:9JCD7; --OLKU]_&
8@:46Z.[KQUZ.




MV\&&89'/3/G
E
]
C5.@?&:J*R;
MQ
]$W/$T]8.; (S2GS^A^!%Q8JEJ4JW%I(Q



YN+^U+

M__Z??ZVY]C
0SGW*K\($





M&


M3T(J==CP 4 .6A_\

M*YX)D=#ZG3C&?\$K?
^Y@Q4G'F(HL:; L]8#
BWM$H[RKDP?MX1'FR:!D. 3
MP
LZS7ZL?^Z=$\/-L#+AN#/B[@B8^&^XS_B%]'EI$ E'4HXRB?$1(0 7OMG+





T_XVOQ5
?Z$%X#5(B+_==!KX*G)V)N
MJ1*VV/%%S975-9Z46,8'7OF0?6WIR]1GA-,I\#(]#ADRSCB2Q'.6WI^)F](+
M
M_#/QGZ2*R._K* _^F7&$51'RDKP*5-



S5D1GB1I=Y:%/ =$PFI!.
7486@+(G% .2)*V(K67[\W'F 1KAQID#3Q6^5%)X



^N+V\


ME/\ ?P/?T2&C+Y'O@O^ 6SM39\H-&B*0H+6.*I] ;=TAKI/62(2SD#[LP\

3%+5$SK=X4BH_ ?ZAAQ0Q

M9EL+W#J'5/-RKPU ')D_X*B7S7(%LBG^GCP-0 88R_B@_;5Y:Z**+G\+VAH4


MV5:7U#SAB/YVBX&HXGSKG0P]!K $U(X8I%%
)FUL(.H)^FW 6/@O!)8
. JP
MV#P\%0!#Q0^?!-JVBS2*4Q1H*BRP@?IOK2]?_X!;WM/_?J;_H7_*=80+&5?!



QB&N0&5UV$AYGQLI
M)[E_(*SWF17X-^LK62#D



G-!\HLAE)-*A:]8J/A%
M=CI'AI1M84Q@(J8BBBA$BI^6!EZRBYV&\2@$@;+7@GH33;X2[5UZ^
+Q*+!;
M6.9J$0M\ /CN7I W4HM%] /K@/C^PU@9/N)[:?M[?'BN?(54%*@00
*BN
M6M::U_98SXZTJ#4OKNW+U:'#QL/H]?G /K_0L^X%IA^A%%M2G1W6A9\1_*B
MQ(\'+TQC_RGGE3P/Q[$2)[HO5$*


'F8

MS:0%2/]

^\C@=5 -6N@






M 3 3VA1%WE)W/;CW
IK1.2_N6
_;S$]&TFM+M)F
I%D5MYN
I'GQ2CHOYR.1

M^47J^T=WSA9G8E*4;%1DZI8,S\,OD6Q03EWBVLFCQW:7.(?+FKN%.B+)
MS@26OAI/
%*0#]F+5Q.*LAOL[%
T&W];VU'Z2W[Z91;^%EIEY&=P]SH8[^^B
MI:BAM*WUQ*Q.)Y%^JQ8DT8EBG
[Q@/F?(
K6EK/E9](4-*)(ZX:K2X5-H$M.

S


M2X=4(VNI;PK=] UBV&/.@C&C%$8#C:
43-]ZO&^?44\=DCS&V6




M9E'
[
&BF+'6;ZPMBV)+CS'*880.]-(R/&Q5[JYU0F


B^WN7:.9E)V!=7[T[:-9E2LY#M#N&;!]OKLTKYLOE4(XZTSA&M:

MB&K=DFL&$:[I4\.1?:FO7Z
Y9&.\&8DW$&_G+-X8;FV)MY%]I:^/F#E48[@9



[\]
?_J ]9 &C'#10_HFIAPTDM:A




MCT2










IVR2







'^AB'
MGZ+%4@

/BIV/X89ON
MV&PZ3II=%\;[H$KXM 7RS*2:=L'\9F@/M)4!&40SXX1U5PC7[%'[V+[FHW9&
M6T=M3H
(9QSBMC9&M1*Q5U9J[P^;F;_Z+YA8HC/B..S9!;HQX%C$'3GBV&AE
MHY4S))\)K7X
HZGP.$=R(TM=C88C;3S%DMDT^C0:%64$
8(
T^J
'SY=/[K3




6$F8.+Z5SS6T:(8@A?C#


$_X7*P?_^)



]'OTZRF)


!= +AJN3

M I
'13BQ *'5VC#;@^J^_8G\M^'/S0$9+V6(XR%C%Z98^N&8N
11.P.+3/





M2C&NFK6I6



M:Q)&










M-/HTCIYAPY%4
XT&+F\W$X^VMA(K@VC6+1EG$.$8; RVXP
;NY%KRMM5'157


M(7P@?)!+E;F3XEN77I&$\JG!)*



W0[MUF^394'B!F=IY
_3-I\FWP


MV






US$4RPVWY5AETN%1H4VQ#W:M@\9-B

M



:\WC8


]X/+S]@*?1^1K

M%\LO0Z#(\NL%)P##YGMD=@(T!W%

%\P5G1G-F


6

/7A3E6?I%^6T




M8B@MDP5_+A

M

MS\;L

\]%RP.M
NF_BL +
'1B*Q9)XL/?O,!RG7A&'PQ_@^N!-N%TG^W[I[DV3C^?1&%


LMZ*4'0$/!C['&^#6)WJR

M;.6GX?04GG(Z!_7V9*4+S



CGJ!=K2BLWU9


EU





MA[^UFTM/-(/UC.HYNBR/#J\X@AN#Z

MZT8QKA'&6$H4
6YV1H
V.$AS%2FNS@V9RH#3P.Y4#:;&;#P*1)$==X$D9*






AK'PKF0P+J_

W1)*?XBA0P+?X%5X$UYBO*-0([TG#
:&S5]I,QR<PN0ZP2YT]03/ ;<AB2)=^#^




XWN


(
MN(7.9-%LD('SC3Q'W



ML

DXM4

M7C&(@B-!I(P-O':3D\I#F:Y-!-VXZVAE!MV.+:8PXU]1'FJE+5*U&!?\5[.E
MOQ L6J9



L/'U#W80


Z&M:FJ




M5B!



:V#%[T#&CFA91$/CEP@9L.CY<SY:[

MHR2C9(







JL#\EC_FE==J650Z

M4F8L6Z]2MAJ2


?=!;SK39*GZYL%/E



MVX(%RM

V! &W+A*!S
@
^ N&'#C#L*L

E2K
ISVAMR?Z2D0


^7MI*8 AC-L:PCH#BZ?J&LTW#&$
835A18:PIY0&/3W=0YN)1O#-


M]7!H8HG(M&53*B21A(=6B,SOM\W7F? (;=4\[[Y!U$\VHVG,;8\V ]8[
MV4
7JKJL/F
WXU*V6&&V/NN6KMQU=I*;<=MN.3@
MBM9F]34G44P%I]!K#U)/.FHN75\$CCL5\0WP5RP#4:I.P]$&&*/PB!2:=&(





M ?=Q_56N0
T

LW'G+F



M1[I1&


N%E6

C:A#T?.YD%T+X&WS5]T3:5FOG+N0%[P?ZPZ[\$%

6M=))8A&HBXU@_MC32@Z\9_F^)J6W W3AU
M8*G?0Q^)^SD!&NMLN5]3D(+(^0T$(71(7:JLYT4@;X1[[^@U'0
1/66SI87^


?R.6<@2



M&W/0X%*$PA




1?X6IZS
G


%& A*37&;K&

%KG*GR# A
$PK
]UB2*!BM0!NR
?7:^
MH'.&[;'@CB-'2?H+WA1$=S#J&;S7_PO'@4V.DM*U-(FQ'#%E.:9_45-P5&

M!@(A%Q NYR_S

8EB3S6:F74ZW5^P&#7Y])5Y]E5^37=
M']Y0
D4
L*9E6UNW!6\JX*.8Y@6 [J9*42


M) ]#XI()$NM$CWOM:$Q4Q?C$N73A'%?1 F
8V'9+.P@T-#7#OY'4 8)PKE.T
MV&H;6]'33;

M%


LWUF31&^3IN23&SM^Y
M\+B13(=!!0#)?8'7)P%$A2N&NJ

.AU&



M4@[Y@4ZMLHU(4-K6Q/]6Z6VW%AA(=]'PC%;6$%'@$ZCR:(8-


:.K]T==MH=VXU;P:J])2B 6?A))KKW&JKRZ5S/@/.P^F%+^2 Q+-

M@#XZM


M1=D/TAOR)68+[K5#!2O[=Y7%ZLA?6H5GQ8
(T


8*Z SEC?8?JF*8R]YY@_:':%8(6?-(^2LFM8+3








M$C

MA5T-OUP2_VRS#8Y!T98S3V











MGY




M#DK


5Q



M




M(X5U4DF'(UL6BZFP:+%HL6CMU#UB$6
18Q$K[AMQ2MQN7;##\K0^80LH#E%0

U\M]W2=LO42(
M:YYIY31S?_[-\:(4*^(]YSCSVH4P;Z,J?$L'I^M7WL)KH_1]CD9L+L@Y0Y4
M_8G%KE-;D[
1;
?1S9IF\3-$


M(ADB&2+KP*L
D?9HV;



LN1.=SNGG7;B
3-P



M_%N67T57@
BF0:(1:N*'(G1]H-0\4CZ^%)^3316O  KX^.9Y%..KD0'
%/2
ML^$*96\P4FT#TI?748@,LX%LN*O(DY8+2I/V\5K/TS&%O-56;_MJ9;C'%M




<DW?


<89QAG'FA0Y4LM^TL;@T/C#X?!(6:<XOB3%UH88U*&D2
M8O0[7.=W'TS.A@:#0&U!@&NY

MA1Y^BM


M
MQ_-5$OOC%)=#ES0H*M^8L@[F':52$WCK) K\!8VCI1R1! XER(45&:WA6Z


M=X?5*]SH)B29*RK^6.&_OYWTV[TL]=$.1Q]?GE_9&=QII]VQ.K8W61D/-9=4
M 

%_(UB7K-Y*L1*Z
MO

M%$68!*A648 D\=(X(S8P:NPM\I#F2%+!Q5PU*5!)1YK]RM/P7(NK)&V-]5

CZ0% L.47&LHJ!0IF)@\@()


#<R,^I(W6#B\&%]1?KHL';#F+]+NH2 ^H2(-:)=JJT?70$RR
MZH?(U.)&ANX]W:1D?.N3I5.5,N0X:\S2;7=KSQ]JV-;Y LP&-7R<F)QREQ%







MJYC1:+X\QQKG&H R#C)1%(U'MQBH*/RA8HTFE=AGLK OI$NVER#F 3ALV?)A
MSMHCN\H 35$L=^M[A.N@W]+Y)

OE6*D'O1A-DA'J J4H4_E()5:)G9!]4SFS'6NZ XYQ4:0\(
M10[E*Y.V +=J8+H9LM


_


MQ3V=&;, IDDP#[EM\+T37T3B)LHE'4 _?#22S@9:E+YD4YKN!)#/-KV#!N


Y


RL1$ZS!N;798O50:523N*4:E_6FR

1=(


M%H_1L7&


MUWQ%NZF2WT)Y$$6 -0

)93

9[TM^




WGC 08:&B68CY]*ZA6NX&V8Q ##WI
D*:8F3P0@04L_@\
ME:OJY)?F43DG6_\.EZ/.L'

MNQ37ZOCM5J?QN678Z^R/:)U\S^

'4@N]MS&2%.IRW(V
MY8Z&PM
0VSH79+PEZ5#U=O8TKUZ![CLR]E9JW-V9E&G/T*?NG#+KE4[:_#7




M(OOTR9JNP3Z9UEZZ?E!=+





MG1_G
L8WBQO))5MM



+ABHYE!F
M?4CPLI*B7EJG;9E I?
UBP9K\L-2IEWQF--YHC=NNGIK!A[T1&0_W&-&QR=#


M%[;K/C^\B]L

_!D_E3X&



G
'C%
H!T6%J!\4&W)N-(-%  ZF





_&FQ'?9YOT!H.3NVY*_C1%_]1*=V

MC3A24 NOLAE'4OJM[NF(J\5Q[.NEK02&
(:PK2&L
[!XJJ[1?

0QA!6$U9D





T


R=
@@=N%^2G7!
[G85W LE*\/
MUZVQE?%I=+PIN

M6!Y8'EZG/#0^G&F3F)_1_GH+UAD9:C

\GT6)J3S=7ZXBR-U
MU220_OR;XT4IGN![3H)
(Z+F]O+3-R5AX]LO#KLG]EH2/4JV1G 1QZ]V;B@P

7#<K\\;L#Z(^^#PZ(I\<
E4)
Y4W$HGB46H)C*.]6-+



M86D2
#6$#^SN@!7CL=
%SG;E2-L.E98O1@YW@=4!#\+*^@J!![B8[B)Y\WQ%
M]
&Q4*GX_
=)2A
B
J/]KYPT 2K]A5=&8R5C&ILS$_%7.JVD3].W4(*!F:C=

ML0 .6
W9.6<W25D]4I


#VV2L4=D'=VJ/-(UXAZ8][O[<]M
MYZ?S\U^=F]3W2 YPR4HK8QJ5 (<Y4U_&(G:G]UHSSF,_@N? U7YAID4V-](

.!^R!R-^3'#F\313(][&H,<
M!_)6!BK+ R]-.?+P[9 O1GARYIY%FN.A!+*] ]1R_T\FC/7GW&&A=7:U7^.

M

./+7D:&EAP%(-P=K[9ZP
MJX7O ^LQCL91;ROU@HCGA
H%&&EZ+K1&=G8C-/8


@V


MZY(WNI&'67%)P;@7P:] ]
C;P/


E:)SB\E*7O_(=

 HL89E!Z-$!



^7

MC



M

M/PD_- 2*@%@F7+A E'L]&\.8CFZI2_$.(B'($EI=!54TN&[Z%L9IGH30W[#
M+4ZYCC@NY #02J448ZGNT:7'_J)FOSZ
[3O#
W1DLG7IE4.;?S^^:J5QV;P





PNRG84SMEQTCSNI&FVSHYZS/6
-8PUC#6
M[-JJL5CUK.XKSSC#.


&Q?J+17]M27Y=6'.71L3;#


MP++L/DEVNSV+




TF.)3




#B?V*J5EQZ8P$O/1CE

&-
M;AD]CN6=C'%RUZ'GB[9SKIRYB/
^Y?


K
(9!AJ%9
M'!R




YF


M1Q



MSK#'
MK<=9)E@F%L@QZG5[UOB%Y8+EHO%RP;J





YWO%AFZN[@M3%\0J?T0





)]\ \UZ$#-P6@^39G(
M5:ZF6M=H07T(5U\(Y$J#S''


M3NDAY)_M;LZ[Z+_8YR-^C *
 J\:!8Y[O3-['9WRINOR_IS,)M!@D%BU7V]
MX:]G.+ZRDT%+B;\ '%_]L'%4](1-[&4







M^S
1P[6.%_NW





7+A_
MIGX
 UB@SHKJXDB&.3P%GX$C?2[WZH]X^3L_@4FXFI]_DU])VX2L-_-$7E
MEVFRDL=(%.YD$&B16
GE-S4/]**!$%*[!
M$J0.3/.YBV9,#V-=T(0\Q A=0@;5YYYP%5=1J@2 %25TDB8I8&!%@.6W.97F
MKV!E5@C')X),H@ P0RV7OBDM=<5+6%Q%_%SFA3*9R)87OE\9<EV 3 
 G/-



,:V06UV!OHCBUNK=5]ZBX']9AI25G#96EL AM\=YX<? LHV4Q[(ZYY



1RC@( 8TQA-@I_6'@:WOW0=+6ATW;^


MM)&7QOEIG


W-GY7?&\M;7][AFAC6I0
(FIGU(:3=
MLK$EKM4?5QSQR1;T=UI0Y)N?#$
T6#P_63@4E06R[9@Y2[BP0NX]J34!2:Q(

*?PS-UF
M8#B E7-3&JV*



ME

]V0^@
%

O.MNI7


7<:K25JH$U7
MH;_2R@B^#S-U2+G:<-JFG6647Z5T6@4CIQI95


MN=:^J B7-?'JLA=E ^*KO
]1$YZ ')R&6.I 5TP!;3R;:]M!I?.
D7'@%5C*

8F1@M-KO#\
M'W;V6X;F./_GXMT:R?X?02V%%VU4)S![/.<#FUO-I@X$+H(:&B %
W4@^4Z








MH1062F*2E(7Y%O9M%+Z]B1Z*B66QHFP%41YIFPBM2K3)# MH/_JQ_1PCCY_E

.@!;=:NRUM



MJ8?\.JJX'

))U

A^!QZ'J7B_E'P A/X^PKD@^TKOK8!9@&AKRX_L
MVSDN=0'CAF;97D&99@:04&E]P*U+ Y79)G2KNILVAI]SWR?'UWQ'S*QNEBXJ



='I
MM&L



%SZ00R9(Z(V

D_.R+S
(X=%
M/M-*QZ^U.J'

M-O![
;U@87]:9\Z[N
U


)3JN2
M[!534@)0^!Y?44X.**51BLF$&G7 :TK4Q?R*10HCWIA DNF%LE#6O^*BZ4
5
MU1RB1^B$%+\O[

?D?TK5RIVF+FVK68P4+ABN$S$'_?:MO7*)D'7UL(KCL 9)OS&*M

MCHP9D4$#22[Z*F(
=D5RKQ-@7/34)BD.APT7]YF8RD!7(*Y*3B#8]]_4X2,
M,O.KA#UK(V2P,.@79K_DRI=XJ,H]G@]K$YL^.M3VI1CJ//]F4%6M*(\B7UK
MG&.2!+
ACU


M4_T8+BQ



@GY@C)DMQ+G4/
M7A VC
I&UR)UJCGFXK=K3(\N6^&EYRT_#$4QE$';*4]^V%K
5$GPI&MVZ
L$
MV$#=111K1C'+-\G



42BM(% 0-T

F
M)WB@_U(.(:X_*H#TR'*M'C(+LT98NL=1)F.Y95Q6AI6E?W#ALYAEY71V*20!

*2DT ?C3FC8H
MKX0XSK$F1Y;
)\*$_*D% 8\=VNJ
@#P^5J'+##M&\IH R RKF 4FJR3S&S4
MR?&9:03VX5=![F!R/R]\A@ -#=!\V;B


,*[UFM4O6 P:#!+\N<QJ*OK8QXF2H)4P(5BUF9(O2)C

]<1)C_74BG<WST\^7%)P!O$OV;+
&5


MJOUVHX+H1%HY-WQAVVQ5'.&!E F
9T^67M!E1,PYU)0V+F%1UP#$H$WM0X
M
:84)3O

L[__\7VJWMX(,7^7%6HZ#[WYM)AV2M?N4&$




M50T65(M7Z*I-I8



V
WQ[IT]9;L


M&)Y(X\Q.X%I-NB*EV.\@O@DP50AS,-UI4Z^RN+F&#M&Z5\HM%-H_,?*4Y*0
M;.HV%PGNCQ]#+UB=19H2B0P07\=Y%I_)+PX0&2PDQQ:9]-2)7)5IE_;7=

MYB+ZE%AD=KJ*Z]!=1

MH41GM\L@


8

G^+K[)*XQ ;9I7%6
OWOT
/4
*F5:9_X-LR%\S\GZ
M33R[E^##]'

[Z
M8J1YY4C3/VGW&&D8:1AI&&EVBC2CSEG[E)'FM?CMSR?AAR@&WW0YG7X#+[WW


M7N32-F-=Z&O/NWR
ML]Q/W=!2OO@-^AV+/JF6].S$7S'
;2:QM 8(QDC=XB1



M/++F=@



MU;YP]2S6SGB
.'7A#X[&U$A-'9I '?=ZNSI)MYXZAUVMAN6-Y6W]Z?Z=%4 Y


M#JELG9^MP7&*^O%6[10C





MIJT).;#[K


7-L@(T
M!.L#QWE1BIWKGU
4J-D''NWEE#U&V\



X_]F8CAH8Z7PE61 _ N8_A:XAWF9F!:E2HG@4?#]5'LW .]
MVL[BJZHWX=/-
P4-@Z[SG(G.

;W3AI.Q&T4XRH[
U X
M





M3 3+9

K<V

MD(LNL;7HL$UZ-B.XWA]:#*Y;/6[4C(![+O#?U9()#TP'L?2R]++TLO2R]++T
__]3
&JOCG%'J+1$G54U/1&V


#%*Z\0!A_9+ W]161XKZE(&C
MI&))=HS
58-QT[77ZI5P0[@AW!!N*
MXO#@_;E15LQ8RO+KP:O


MJ2Z0JA)\*G!AR_$#Z:42FS-




7I7Y

#B/IZJS.-K.:#


<\P<W 7-R;@(IA
MH
70[*T%^CP44Q%,54E+5MS(.9VVB/%L54A]57(V^1HBB*HBB*VGK?B!:=




AO( HC
MJN@,T;D18OES\GV9YY86BJ_P+B)4A.4FJ#4!$&L8AC!


6.RY'$5O=
J&KG70(HM.V^Y^;*_M

UM@XD\91R:2U<Y34
MJH7:,VS-RT_:/5O?796)Q/MH8?!\)IQ(H&8D,&YWB -.%T/5WIOX JZ$*FD?
M^<XREHG@22 XGDQVICSBLXV 3\OP*%[@AHI5=&6LLTQ18R$K:)'ZXZIGC %




MPJ/_E_MW03EEF9KCKUDT

1^UOS_O $468M

M/TYQV353L:

%E]JUJA6.%LYK:$5$@Y
MF-[#:=SRJJK
@;U8XT6XVPE&[




R (;([0#K.
M



MF2DAN[L3_ X4!=7MS_

'PO%#)0$

.1UPP
M@]QU*3Z@ZN.$^+%2=*7Q(&ZA5%.JN0+5]L)43=:< 483YP%4=@%X 2C_B4B
MWT?J=G4!CB(J)K'P$#-YSV 2 V<8.Q@VN%#


WUV[2R[?R+:RQP

!0-V\(
9# 8% DJVLBI*P\#Z_:%?


M@/L?E9%]

+T.?A



MWEZ_W:^L6H^L&S/2ZM*U&D

MJK0I)CE4NG2S1'Y!!&O+C$^_#G\NRBB*Q8*%FQ+)OUB/U^-A:*[YX4WGC?I9

ME=)XMJ_D2-U*[JY1AKJ](




=H4X)IG-4[:J*1E!\?-[\-='-Q=&-VQM9S&=?M%0XF'/E7Y[




MA%2MW7*R_
8DWUA2R!7%
^5TG]..5'X#927.
E9F?6HP:8]+%TA5IA[OHT7X

4UG0F?M]@8
U0M-WE_#P'07Z1DN







M$*4._2=.U_?D3!(KX73?Q*QO=C=I Y*A/?18=E2'0BB+Z(O:Z=-[%6_(_HB
M^B+Z(OJJ:TT]XJ_U\))ZR+WP21]2 2]3K1-:S@-WYLQW&'8,*S0NZ)GFI]!
MY+KQ^4=11[?3[EGMX=9VOLX#6?@.[#NV%
&;C5\45PSR-G^JAJ@@FS;\BT

I%P


M E

MLDOX^HY^G^[PI_OO


MTE9B+?:Z/

J8%95$79:.*WY
M*+V9B!<:&JN-'\;JR_S06=9Q,T!SI!KB*LPHR:MFEKI9[C1-P/*A[L&EBR4#
MX%*E7'DLYEN!:MEC(8)9CC0=C:3:<9RJP:?:S0&S.#KJE@L1&I(EW%4W)8

4:173+(N:SS%T7-H9/#T3 #9J5JXMW!P&?^<PW]+F.WNU
MX!CT;+
ZFP9'3]V


K\LENHY4U!Q#L9PH4(T



I6T:M#'&&H




M+HCT(%F:Q-DO]!JI^HWJ!_]N








M==G;@]1]7^.$A;MW )W*1SIJ!:
3]%UWHFONJK0[8T$DD[5J

KM9:=Y90_/SD6)UC#0WK0E9I09-2DE)63MDE*24U1)TW=/K



AJ-$Q!'05UC:X+70NEHZ17
M1;TYXD?BQ]+XT6KM;N)'XD?BQ_.K*O&CO44!J_77B2#W2R#\
\$CHMNN/]G

MO7=VC7M;*N4A\)/YN]YP'U9?U\[]+SXLFP/??8@6/I-K4%^_QM@HNE?I99:V




MWS@\PD/W\)Q.\3DPSW
&\S?E/%I-)\PYMI4-
3UIGL._@00CK3B@8WR9 #T)
M)Y RA;$+'C+5A184(X@2+D$ (1'QQ.QE&^UJ7(2P2+)M&#@(V%D*, 41 B
M#8-%D# M-/7DO1X# \@^)?]B(P/XULYHNRP[HZ(


RS



0:#Z?!5& WPRR#*)[+O$CP=U%I -%F!HA
M*N[-/#17BDQ=\+G'04EN*P*$XT#_L&U



$GYZY1-H12?!V#4.TSUXV1I^#+0?W








MV ST9FV/A*I.K/X


:T\!5N6)IO2J0
M/7O$EV2

 33\&UQ1#I.;VQ*=S5$@
MS?N


=F,.B.QZ./8!<[-\-/G6MC)=U;MW-;NI4\
M?_2?^<LH1Y8-

M7N/3
8-E!((.8Z88 1
;BI.5BGJI!(%S#$576IZG(?]+A8/@A2(O3(&G6SJ

$QS9TX]6.6[  VA9[*]S$-? #&9
M^26SX)NB/H7B0-_F%7+#6\+LW OWZD@) GTYR!YANHZVR]B/]0WR;6T@T2








JYRQONMPOK_I


L;#.97_*
M





 ROKC
&
!+TU3I
MO2GM)_989#.@J9RD 





B3]H&^FU8M*(#T1






XCR(<W$K)1W P+KJY!XW4M3I+EEWR(
M.5

SMSH'GO?^-0O;.8'UK3*I$T'[W7U



ZK9ZO5';



M4Q+VZ6FH;4/2M18$=P+4!%W

KO EWPG
WP\%N^YQ\U2^M7WOY!%Y4

MG)]6&E-O OO_TC K:O*:\]9/SN]FE1TWRFP8!
1FR_#S6<UXPFZ'OC&OGYD1<U8J56:O4T_&
M:UO/#&W;7QQUYA;9;M4LQ-&''DWW#7PU$
.+7**[ VU0EBEQ_RQ?F%OS&UYB

MU61;&=!:
9NIUM0_QBE#5Z3@7VTK_I

M#3A%JF@[:.XRS)O9%(&M_96\Y(!!U\KER5ZFZKPO V/258NZF:8M@-\BD'EE
M6ZRVP

H*U&A7FNJ71O^-#S'LEKA*^?'C$V[%%FQ//7+
*ND




!X

MB9PGK\_-+!9P$]B +
E;EV@39I);)K6%(]PA]+5^P4^$
V52MUE1QI:I=AW&




MBFPV6?!&!/Z=;HV
6_\6@=XQ-^-;6MP=Q;)PGTR7.V0+(GK_3 )IM$ST++MZ



M!2A3MLHQO


M&O EV51%0R@=4B$KUCP\62LF3'@B/%T\GGH6

MU*P':N;'*1XS?PT&=T[/_AW0&['#YB79OF8+3AFB+


/N;I8_7=#7:*

M:R7CCO)(W-?;3-SJ;O


MCT%/O3^Q4/0-DWR*]?1OPW3:6CGR/R9^V[EZ@_=\T8^0\V#YYON6DPBNR@0S

MC:JT#%^1R:OP[:;\]8KPU1SAM%AY]3^ZW78O*]=BY8FZ?1:XE%@
?
'^1&OQ
MZ'A


6Z/ Y;]8B5YIMA(:\#;_/?L6[&J^Y
BWG/0


M 7@UZ&QD-WT!OA
\
3U5OH0L
AT1]NAD
)J

SZ'WJC6]'W='':]/)


F(8X
R
M=5
K_W61%\T#D1

M7TG=(4?U$Q&Z9Y+R_P$H61L9=:43L@=I#
Z=:BF#'0D=;!^!'7V2QP)*8/@%

!JW(
MLZ9-(C:=8*&7Z@NQ^^H=&IQ4.9+P\F(S'*!6



M /.F71OO



Q'G\N-.[R+LO/TVSJUZ:WSSL1(R*
MI%
RNHN4)@K\(\:P:]A 'T]S
?P#''1L*
4T.C*:R_I7H@'3GKD:$^;35)]=

[U:C@(QEB@@A (%(*I-_:

MQL?
I&X

MQ[7^&]Z




M7CS3U-ZS?KT(;](@Q*')U_@WS2WSW1^

MI?U%^M/4A'I33VQ.A_#!

M. -(GMOSG8$HK4U!485L%4'K$J%%(='[VSB2B4B]K 0-6+ [



MT3OLS=3J33KV3BUO*D-YQRJKV]J1C%O#(=.WF-6X#
A0A/?


?!WDH)=4JE.)N:25=!5XDE;;+D:&+QV!2QY+Y.YNY^

ULOA'=SAN]^TV3L0#


M@




UXPAF@IMMK1[20+FY=A5N:Y!IZA5$IM==4
ED^:X?P.5S*:PVLZ/QN.+
MXF1ET;C?
AVQMY\0VG*#DT(0@
=AF?^H7*FL![5S&YM.ESR:L\C+7$3A+
!J

8
K#XW#68]ADTIP=?GN&9?9SI3NRFIZZRBG!=
MD+ 0OE4W1F.$(PWF&2P?ICI^07_Q8#+!5^R0&B#B
UIX94X2O4T$\+XZ/Q!

MW6L9+WCZW-V^^X\Q+B$&]TH(NG


TZ-2
MORE7;A;V%@:.K'.W\ZW%&XT^&#\2T

MY'?P_TO 4Z8P'L;;!F_X!KATGBF%#WKL)6H
(@ZSV __HH/'0/5'A[OF$/J;







_89+


M2+K[2J[V^F==?*_3OMX9M.\%T9Y;'S]PCR^F7*P$VW-;SM9-?G18G!3PA JX


5)U[$[]$-%WV];V%S0%

M#]
+[IZYE)$1!'1A'=






M



G1




MZ51EZHEHB&B(:

FYB9GA'^:L#%*FYA\XA1K!V0K
JDUZVA29#
MW&! :'&


MTBXKTJ.R5E36JI&)G


ME8&J




%VZ#?

M+RKA.D[


M_/)5[.ISY

MH






 0

-U6?T).684VB'3JGBWX3Q%+Z2Q%/ O.6M^UWFFK


1&!$8
=O7;
6I=1;:XC B
 JHHI$8 ?LB.N?P 
[:C6K%JI&V^6(



Q&.^UVPX.V
M:L Q Z


M@ZJB


4J;EG


+F;)I!:J





M6_I9F6.S2'H+HI'AEEV(5K.2M3@)9B]E^9)LFW^^L-









6:I/W5V#QFS#V_OR/

8)
U2




M;_]7&Z8P9A'('A@27LGAC3Y^-'
4&Z
Z9!.5L!$#@\Y*B92I@2?2,E_*D.


MG95_=
),BCPM !]Q A$<:_FOP-71

MFQF
/];4


*G L(G*F?\W=E(U'&/?\6
MT VV

M(=Z3TA6



MP1[I
C6R']X

_H
MA:
_ZXLDFZL=)1\-\H#8N@(8GR
M:









OY8VN]/!#(
MFA6+S63U?.B$\LLGE-WN*X\H#TY^8IB.*%=EH-7^P





M+E25IX)WL2U5T$
$&8:  FND.7[$3C\G(VA?F+Z@0^BP6'CX7WIE&R-?MV

JHD7@(G5 J[)A,H_
MGC QV!O6/3&X5J(N+P)B386HN!,5=]I79+W68&BS?0?5=J+4%3$8,=@I&QY
M?2JP20Q&#%8)S2

M_*M+(O;'^[#CNDZ453H./O$0G7AF741]_1KQK569/$9+LB66U\ &5W-L?N&K


Q?HB1^HBK]^W' ;/ F7'_^+??[K]G/VQA8MLSL
\
M\.9.%&\.X]&9
VE*[:^&S;]YG.-4.QLS=(Q@W
YW5IZ3E5'5P_6V9F+V;B+]



PMERU'I@ 20(
7@(G]7KT$G@583H'/N&U^!;[IE

R)0_O046=?P$A+):Q



MF2R8^)/CXYX%5K5UQD#/5!A%/S^!FD]S+DNTRS!E 0S,OP9!'(/Z41Z@
3

TZV'TC@_FF:


M7U&M
B5=5Q%X:PA3C&.



GT^

RU=OA_I*CB\%AA

P\#V(@D%WXV':^9*J@OL%\XX)S


ME(M




Q%N8_#=*& @%!]^A)PY\ K









MZ
CLQ



1
M@QW 8+V.S0U%Q&#KWMON?BTG&Q@U@]F90J%F
=K!O,YJS6\Q7=?;:Z.'6'





MJ!4; TSK48+R'


MQ%F*(!:.Y.(^\+AS9?(?W\

M.!(5@QY5=R X$!S(2! J!5D),J-X]C8\


M!# V#D!YKI]:K1(T)H$;1JF#-I5&KD*_M6.





M#5I]:






 $9^
M(VUS.)FHOF ')3PH$OFFL](REHG@22 X[FO(2S&7?)*D9@BD?#WEZRE?3Z@@
M5! J7D)%OTNK6 0'@@





[2P+/]
&(AFV_4GBY+5!R/AZ$1
M^P]O.F_4SR!%+_O9C*0X4V.8EN+(O@8++IV?^8/S:[Q@T7MGUQWK9H\!'XR






+B'7]&(O-)P_F#X

_6 L5EHC




9[UO%;
2!G0I0


\^34NRX=]QU.C7D#1JRH[SZ_#AL



MHRK;CSG;ILIJC!)-3&BCA!$($0@1#QKADAK=]9-3!BI_J(=7^O3:K--1/V


A89#
O&(

(%!E;WGUV%.5DE.
M
I3G-D2:A;




R-1.ZHR6Q/GRJNP]
MQC3445#Z280I+R2. H$H;] =$QYX8:R2 2&^3;3]LX/&-PXG0IDO1'VS1)U
MGR3@$Y62OW-QAK:4)3(63+J\HZBCB9;N9TIC:1:7ZU8'=$U).8T'4HT5600

'/5KPP+%F#1YF

M@F?*2Q)19?

L
M1M(:

K-.^]QZX


P[CM7O<'S5YC</;3
MTKYF]^C1&;.0_
^(H)G$@JTOYP2GX0SZI-7%C!^?7V@ QA$PALLXA[
MI#O!@QS\*Y C9D7\T[K[P._$UW 3EFX<F; A'SKKE98.$.[!06S3!;^.4M<

MAGWNMCY
H05@PZ63D%U-__BX#!7S)6;#;C.XZ:T-E.X0N!

MN_

_8Z^MY#VU-RYL2^?]!Y(%8X6( 

M;0R)#(@
N'.
!=5TL2:C]B;A^;U'X+7\;T0]@D@.*7K[^'%W 1CV3Y$QYA


M^?9:=(



M\OP8&1 3&) !]ZA]4(4[28UG$1U*\L!Y(S?][\G
3!$8+.O^I-K?Q2NR


MESAJ 8%Z]

@\QS(/.T.L@\R#P'
D^GA\R#S'.HVNHB\R#S'
H\
MYL[



M83)SD1LK? GI5$@&LICYO04/ 5FG7I1@;3) 
7.7&KGEDQ[YTC(+XV
F9]
B





X'




M@XQ6+49#C$+6R0FC#N[.N%




^P
M[\*]Q*\?AO

MI6$
;EO=QG6[;@[JW=;===-H]!K&;7=P/:@/6KVSGY8D.[M-6^J$UP&MHL0
M%&=SC$Z*IF%7QS2 WX4DY#2_3%HA+$3FTZ8224>0:2^/C;\.6%+
0O27XPGKO_&VWA$(\ 4T1DC


M* TR8($
N'.C!V1 9



QE9 7#JU.HH+B@N*VJ7
M7,0%8^;B=@?1BRXS#L



MJ]M2J5*SKO;06PT+&?$%I3RPVF?UXB-6:F*E9EE+0-2H4]K=@#\UZ^I2QBG-




M('$ 95GD 8/9)RI3*TWQYWF[)Z\=$
9O


M+]6!'S%B


MP^FO7#\
+8@?.


[AQ-F.;Q5ZH@&



M?_: 49*S]C24$PI:P#/H9!+XWV!E$2


+P7K_=(O]TF_'.=O.
CEX)'




'MU;&C$?P)@I):X$![ETY=C7]X^.R13U?5/;0:6:5=]<F

R#^U9)*ZL#8?[

FFA




UE*L8;4J])2QAKPUK78R

M;Q^


M?*(
.-/R&6=:JNPWXUA+=*QQ\J\*O(HH*1

MGK1N;*G'5TB+]FH]**%(8/HXT,$_T;=5%2A91K%_OYK)P3XUA =*(QT79V




M120:


M[


1UQ@X'


81C'8_<3/SUPP3:GF F?@5Q9P+V1'9O$

 M]BS YG[DO(B ?6
W]3



M6\@L'[CJ[QAH J@(5\OFS723QSO/RPZ6UF[O3*;1.



P
.
MRAXF1R

F2Q_7*4AY2[7+XQ&@@8EL-/





MQC2&PG4

MS!2.
$P$?H C[-+DL(R;IXD/


A:_YN[







$$R



Z3A
\K!'UGAG/

VJ729^Z11(,=;K:9P$D[?G.;9A'#



M4=?+U:Z;L#$1I U2LNI@O%NNR+^P^%[.RY
VI1&)ZNR9#\.U:L =!D!GFZ6I



YT1?5
MFHF'..]?^



M)!JV2$HS_:[3DJP *E]]X73FL!YW*FRRP@J!--Y]*_39L53 +_Q;&Y=2 +


MKK0I::4@=B

41D







.QQ)U]SWF$^C @N6&Y-CWV!OA
MI=0LPP;YT%AZSOS&*21K9KFDF;ZVP[T[7I86 30*9V+SJ6^:;#.]Z[P$?#%_


MD5Z6D5B05#E145/=@&U+]M%;]OA*1&C6TS8=






M]^NV/GQ




6!0#KOI3B)*%H.0V':V]#CZ_]Z:AE'#G6-E!7+8ZS\NR
M&!L.E6*_XT%QD);#KO%7W_=/#X7) LE:






MA#$, 6-,00O/Q_=WP6BR0=E5?0;\+0!(8F
#2!(J:8B&& 8K-:RST\T0 S

MO7C
M;I;_SKQ7KL.J#GJQ0Q:7N68!:W!
RR)#XY@6'-.BAH6#8UKT:1&/8UJ.(A].
MR9!



MMDQ:J*/$42TXGF%M7+Y7:\AZ;U4VDE^'!X.G4^$( IJ!0+=61PPHSH?2WIKX
M#*:$:&GOV63BAU' (B=@O#*9/#&/#1U
 WZ?@&VC@!XIJG!+WNH8/4:4K:Q%

ME ?]Y0%]I2W*Q?7#


R'AHZ24OJJ
M/+)E-%VT$_:@X;W7@2ZR^'C)?
Z!M82]4A(U@,-L
M/^;'KE,6.P@)57A:)%1MY6E9!@]815.4L#91)E4GVMJIO<#)UFT
H)!^9
MWL%H7/
H5?9 GJ^Q5=SE./R:)E#)HS4_.6#:H'YV' 1=& 2[$PJ0H[Z@&$

\SZAV6F-)9S

JS+H@=!_SFT8B1H1\'T8C\'=
@8@'QA\2L&ZT+


M'V/XA[]C1SR-NNZZB):8_;+)].;/?F)D$K 0;B_:?2R8[+XGEF/YGG#?*/_)
M$W7%D\

5Q8ZPA^]\28E^P!W(4W

MK&@D]O P_GK\E682-)
!W+CQ($H( 7XUI +\C=@#<XY&GMTPS


!4!*_H\%
MOGA/9SRA(.T@^O8RK=-[(_ Q@Q9ET#-6_JI1<
1X2Y(6-
8 O@NC!D-XV#V



9P@


-'+6L(%M

_*L


M2QH--ZYT=53182L%))NY$G-U

M2J
=2KX$R4^=M!0 Y#F\C6:MJ2Q;=Z0K

MF@

Q
H^




M

8T

YT\-&6

#)C9.G&.SV!+ULPG

F)V#A
7X^/K)K.@H
WXYR[I;OS].\?





MX[^D%MIZ(\



,DBG:\Q4[Q.*7H)/-
M4XK4D'#EX%




MN+:V5


8OE$


?39Z02G


7I%'ZHT-#G%


1X39+46=W)618[ G
M:94X!N68+5:]3[6^GI0:1[C8;5H. N*D$YQT@B!8@A[#: 26T0A4&P U:.


S<:-0:Q5!J+I;ER.&6Y@9@'0MV
M0S^$ 8\J8D&FS(



MYRU8G:N*&@7
NGK<DQ0@.@6H(3Z86(. BXK'B^5$G!S<!C+8L^J
MV


M+2L!G1J


M





D?78Z&Y%_?*'$:4MISE9PKHE64SAPKHGLZWNR7ZG;)OGFE3W(&*'
MD[9&/EZELB=MIQMM8M%P1+B5A%--CIYV]6*PH9P.-5$ZA:KWG9:7]].#86#

MJA@PW^M$=PC5]C@WD2U*9K?6DR5#91$5S!XO6.^JBAH%S')#7BHIKM9
A%44
M!815A%6$5:4]O[+ ZV&5Y1A;.E* I%+PY)(E-9&_[$5%X\
#A0V@9^F*2F
M^KX=\BS:]U






MSBM*D4[NBRTF,G#.'[V@*[.'ZV&--V/?67QL]Z+(+_P(=H#!N/
VASH_MJ

M^-D05:D9UPAFE+



U)B25:E3IFFTFQ\-LT[@YRX_)8A8

AL :UWF:OUCD]
Z
@YIUCPG]1Q_O9




G]!J;AI

M


VF

M%6A#CLLE]4$=JF%E6QE9#\L9%MU;4QK35;V
1YSV)2+.
I*2
^#6/+]


W]RE[)%W]


MMRE&'\2Y
,J<VNSZ46W'\5PV^[AMA,040?*4

MV+?Y)#-LTUF](B7#
.1E:& LKS(JJ!K8B$5*&C&1&BQ3-052QR[/*/FH/K D
MJ[SLI08S54VQG#=K/:FOC-TY


Q_W)UE57&&42E0(6-*F#L^A)EAR0=MR!/98@E71=]TM&U'C
MI$-QV6J1W$Z9AA@L+$+/+HCMFBR70ZBG02*QG%#CSM33/#&]+D%)K/47UI 

3[UX$PV(M_B?/(ECW^\+4=(8VKN.QRU%2
V68
M]0\?


MO7 :
O%!=GR/^$/J#4OO6B@%H1B?SD.A]^%TY\CZ\_XT\2FB2A$/H$6JCV


M_=#A:[VC3O!OZL;L$8AX#2_YUT___


^+8\ 50Y/*F8S1;C=O;




MZF?B




M 9$!#V' !JKITZCIK3:C]C;A^;U'X+7\;WP@K!O%IM$9,($O* $*%C44=5

M[\DP\
?B3



M2I_Z187\8UV*&&5$VF74


OJ1 !OK
DNSRD S]@#SQI@.\XAV#0N^1

MBNF*17ME
B8[&L8(W\@_R#_*- 4=IN5E&CK;L*_/+U]_W(C___Q[*)I2

A=R%W(70IR%V9&8V9T95T
9;P(

#7
KK+
MOI;X1KJOA9G1F!DM4XNCLBZQ0&!F-

MEC^[QZCUY

X4C#


2X


$B8''
+%9Q/=(-()_&_NQ%X4D8!
_X&?
M?




8T



M74;#-


M;1]5P=R!&V:Q\1

B Q[@#N?6/V

M+THO2B]*+TKO(=*K?3!
CC'-


MRQX&(C


M6\U)L-1&*R1T
G&!!%P
X6(?Z#6M%GN*0]C0

M!6;IDL1L[OEE\ OQY.3R&GF$M2_\:WHW)]D3BX\:%PVTX8O;./ GC+R.'&L$

MIF1$0S[Z?64_.%\!VP3^-V]B 'KR7F5MIQ7J9%[CW4$0E(B42$;$425HHB

J;V
J&)BWD[P0


M5R/O@MVVI=(G
-8(GP0$SX&OAXX'*N__Z'3)_#?7_
M#'\FC:.1#WN3BFE0P$'(TX&E_*'BCL%\-*O 

M&CL1ORK='T%9)P@C\G=




;&KU[&[E% ZB0)E0H--H(PH4Z2QI;S;\
M[CG\F%G
RTC/@*.0@
\+%_C\-/00XW7K[

MRM9OF !'8+*(EOH L]TV?_ZFQ_G(=P:2=#35/BA!I5]AG=0G74C7X2T6[5

M62P*D
9'VVIN52E=5O?

M=25:88A@BZ;:YH83V;_WJB?

V
M_PJ!?ZPH8NLU;+;5^=:)1V

M?\$+]E^!\?E_^;__
KB?_N

MO&#(:B*1]@E(UFQM]FYJTJ!G;2U][C7P&VKOOTT8;ZEPG31S^$S?^#:'BV7[

T/:'X-
4IH*
MT;'A*T^TOTC_D7FBT0-/W'GX?'LMFL^$%^2)\B89\ _3
#:(3S*J*.U5$QTM
M1FF

M70




BH

OZ?O=\1!Q)B-


M


=8&)& 1FSO

B6 YM-^NU5F%4TX*)
'1[VGP;

M/E
ZN?IJC9@=N^QAR)M;BMZ6_3!D4=CW[)\=^N2X3N2P
&UW:3]X7QA/9P8^



& ^%.62?XY)-&(1F1$7QB!RR*'NL0/2


MC_UX2S.U

MCS.2Y

M=T ]:E.

BQ
TT
M.S4#!4ZFP.')_4$G]TV


MTDBMOV


M B$Q8Z4L H%=@C5*@B[//(!SH]XJ+IME*]VJ;05B!!9E=R_9-4R)
4F4791=

9%LRZSZ0E#4(-0@US9KK3)D-(Q%G





M(FS9[O&;SLRJM*L[ZB--0A:[*%+%)6W/KW\ 2.V2K06D0/)TS'1;2G'!Q3D'




MQ*K'%N7&Y H3QFCVY%43!&% F

LQ!.
94MLN[SM=%KM
M_DT-MEV^0:U7_UAR+=T<KX^4C8^IGL^'=8G%HF2T<@*7_GNXI!&-/S.OXVB

B]DF4['_=
4^^[SI:I:QV1-9QJOA



M4NO3C_SG%V[
C&MOL0WEK7U%6VX&6K^3Z+
5)^P=V57\1O[3 PU'U_0QWOG\
0OK$3YD<ARY#SMCRB,/ZGHRFH. -\@)N08:+]!_YV8?1, CC]#NF
M-4Q/F)&CL]DYEH-E'YH?\!CQT;@<UAED9Q;Y#YR7GG@?J=2;I2=HV2%]
UC

^

(3QU]G8;

\#Q[79'W[D
M!K[(W?_ZZ\T5X79]$Q;(&=\O9[S1/C!IWPZ:;Q5EB3U/:\K_%20@J_KEN0]






M:?C=M:F(_
Y58WU

-!P   &HKPT$ .$ $  :BL

M0



649MZKNAQ*GR#5$P0#P3L85@#



G94_CE^8U!!QJ^A\*

MCP@]0AXACY!'R..ZRUJ&O)
_((^01\@CY+%\BCQX'JH(]01Z@AUK) ZMKI8
MFE('N?RQW^*+6:7=;\O[
7FC.:Y/CT?4B&DAJE_6
!V=P[;0EZ:_)NCVW6;
MUY]LWEE.KA=?2&I!^I'__

MOM#XBOITX




[HA'Y0I_)MV!D;1Y?#^Y&07C7


VI//NW?QL^O$0_8GZ\A








Y?P-

RW*Q
5T&YMXZ


ZPBQA]O@W! 79ESU%+M



M*ZNUNG [9Y
('
6$:/4Q'8!)2


*?[5$_#8(F:?F$SL)0^K;DET(Z+5J]LD3
M2^D:0^;EG]*7,?4C^N,9\2D.N\IAVFSF<(K+#O-<^4.;QI;JE7_<8$MNC




MPZW.4JU
/V%;JV%!-OUSFVHC6#/%FBG63#?T
$*^.Z^9;ET^$VNF6#.MD!^L



&6 H=*K


E.4WI0D^#39/_@9: GT26)\KZ
*.=3W
NB!5%
EZ8#4W:
G15

F?$)T\JBUV%!'!754







MQL. 2]1W&@G%T\C-8

MXTZ.S



;0S.EPB:%-1]SQV' )BI.Q/N?
_5MY;U-\V;UO=
M;MMH7G4:U[?=2T._

LUJ'.IP3T(/]X
MYE9J\ =48^-(@Q7?TU
SHB5V9R!8VIT@58IX%];DG(O%G$ME?5*JT4*]QH/
MWN3


MA&EUL!8!PH PVQ.FVP)A0!@09FO-$T0!H0!8;8EC'EFM!O(J5(G062Y '_I
MH@7_(

MMI^IFF9+7ARYW*B!@$' %($B!&Q[ 6L86&Z&@$' E((B!&S[C!D= @8!@XI
M!44(VZ%

!BQ%_)CUT_X)$8T]*


T17FPZF.(\?$=:CW


M4294HVM-%*E!-+F$7H+R:(/0+.XR-2$T$!H(#80F;X]&1S4L V$!D*3M] 8
M^6?IJ-+U$!H(#83F: 5Z4+(\UY!Q%2/#&\I?[0DZFXZ9W

M#

M.7I%:)=

M Z&I0)J.*ET/H8'00&B.ED\CK0B/\EU_J-@K!7*6J&L%:HRHK#[N9 M1+P





M2






.0MMX$/X$/I^:#+\Z; !_A GR0-I.OA^0%[937M@N.TJ4##*68@N4

H?YF[3&<=9
MHEWJ=K









M-VJMB=8O2+8AQJ^#)HK&X3
97B).9A

MUQ&G:X+$&C%%B2

3SXKI




M@UF)X2-^94#) #UG??:O=LB@$Y''5Q+1IQ%_PQ7TS+5_00F7F\8_SQO(YZCP
[IIFF_55M_5AXK<PJ?2L<40O)G]\7/9#UH]W

MO+-R$9VM*^HM3IE7Y[XYV/+M6;/-!EX:SEFBNY\!^67B4^HIL_9Z3GJ?ON5;


M


M33@T6_


MK:EG8M #\\\8PQZFKP2RF >F ?F;3WFM4$]2=1#KD/\\38(*;LQ$9D.OOTJ
M:M\%O/ =L9S_)%$L(CY


Y#&60P,JI0&&
M(2^ KDI'0@0@ A !)(1 Z %T((=&ZVC4 @T !I0:PTP6I@42 DBUB75K8C:


M
!(=Y_H)?Z%@3
/LVD?*.IM.?A];+^Q%XV#[ZZTX#MW'1#217_BY?]6_6&'!


?GCX[+:S%YQ?N%VMKC?7;L4O\7:







Y5H7-(F7:

%:B4K2,-E0 *@ 5J+4*G!IZ3^O(;GFUTX4@$A)




 P
 \/ 


7XA3I#P&
HD
M]S+?G-4JU)#=VH0%6RR/C-^6UB[

YHGNO3

O9)KUQG-'KI_%=D
Z\*@=IQF_YQ%]

M&Z?!?IMZ7O:;3R?ZB?C
Q

MWM+;7=-LL_9U6Q\FBL34QK/&$;V8_/%Q66%FKSB_=C.;'W?7.EE;+/^(5V
W
M:'UX5P 7I3B[T-CSND[!SROZ.K1/C?=$^^K9/D




MOOO

/.GFRH(
M@-Y ;Z WQ]$;\\S4]0)*@JC2^] :: VTYDCSJ%8;2@.E@=) :?)6&LV SD!G

_

MZAT7!&$J3!@




 \/ 


OF'FO'@04](Y

G?C
MA0%'7P(:_SS_9#\(1Y:W^ISIC=
% 9MZ7O:;3R?ZB?C
!








@!?@Q7*XT.A*3)U$7!$R<<^
MR@2V

9 
5 
% /%

M )*U/QYR(I@LG!4XIJF[6Z1
XWBCW9!7RD*5GLQ[H
9X#!6HE JT&CU-API
M!: -5:!1A.N $0 (E!K$3@U#.0,[I8S(V 1M1+(\R.+L]5@$A ))02B5*L


M
FM]8_QG#A
91)[F6^.:M5J &[M0D+ME@.&;_MEKSJZ^^:K10H.M1_FHOS

M];/8;D@''K7C-./W/*)/(\KO:'DT2D/\92FR0
QI1


M-YV;FUNSUS!NNOVK:[UW?7GRRQ(]YLW\X(X8+K[09_(M&%F;1_QMV)7)(;MP




MS^LZ)7E/($:5GB@&




M[W%4VC321RM=


MAJ9+VP:DD





M^?O??G[K8;]:KR.FT^(.\P_[E^4EX@F7492

M\;\U_WBX/B&NP[ZP[/B\=VFT&Y?MJ_9UNWU]V[UI]J^-7L.XZ?;[C9[9NCGY
M9:FWYWONP1W1B'RAS^1;
H?EHG&+EP4+/&%@)CK
M


M$&URJ!V$HA

_
G=&/F$ (I'I''B82L

M$UY:DG!\(?F5AQO9T#KZAY*8M




!I:3UIE



%]ODJM:NW'XQ&@9^..F\:


JI=09_GJ#-B]![NK%;-*$0MVGR@9;S ^

M25VEFWW=SR_V$=;7;/9%_TIX;0][[D 4

M\AZL

MF4@Z(?--]ZM^5M^N)\/E8;$\SMY1.[
OAP:7;JC#B%97)AGMCL1$/G )7*HO

7P:YJY@8CF%AC7AA:$WP '\ 'C!/@!7BQ.8=/


MIOYAN7
7.
R76@\
Q6P=:GBK@3NA_KT6'M2@ZR1DUA&3_S/R3$E(QTEH#ZV(

66S^T^


I@P1#VYOL]AP-! :(H(

J6]YL9LCU@10ZO'
M0!M=K.!KSF KPC1O_YYWJ)^$(XL;]5^)WN-)CMT=3H^]'I:5V_I[:YIMEGG
M=EL?)H

Y


J'A3E+

0\#8^
(6'S'M





M!


+

0RB1AQ(]RLLZ.0GEZ7Y1
M;
5)3 E]&;MA6IR'%]+QZ)


-957SF

LS/*&
MLJ.[0CJR7%&.64[CNIHAM6T;.X2]O16+EM*(8]^-ANP'3MK+O&41/ZK
(7\E



G\'(C7G1NHEM^5TMXKG6H^NY\:O8*9OX-AL'
-*<L#I_9?Y*


$LCHN

MKMUKPCB

^6
L+PXS-)Z9(





_?BQD$X?QSI-JR:
^1:H9&$EK9LL$R]
MGV#6:ZLC%^N#:
Z]$1U_-N?O.:DM!:*VL)#H_JF])YA:TS.M=;TM/(0L/7VQ






M.PS8;GK$N&X39_%YW1LLUI%26#@6N[F6\\9B_!219%(FJ0OCE_LY0#Z9O1



:L=U\FII0D

L?%]1./R:C!)YEGDV&0
M





MUCBB%Y
_/BZO@


5.TJB


M 5YLMP5-6A)$5?B  
















MH)'0R#PUTFQ*K!







=.@[Y$H]P$?P@'/&108@[FW!PI68PBV)^U1/3Q(C//)PU
MP[T;+9I)(XLCC3
#3


4B;=D%O:? OZK*.8O^^3:[
6^NVR
MRUQFX2^X[(=1

6^5$R8DAE
M31^P1_-2R7'P;#'5L]G-V*C[I_5$LY^-A67FG)

M1^+%$U^;W2AV_63J[0MS+;=)T(7Y1#1
W:F &V#F*;'/$7
)Q/W6J-341V=7
M9C]/4FNS1@8VI:SK!F$P2OG*\P?9+X;4&S-_)3



M%N /%\84QA


9\)U 8OPITIGU$YZ=@[*[


Y
!P+-\G[]Z]IISRB9I2).MRG-CR]KY2DM8E6_BMP74A7V)-27F



M!4P#RS@-;-1D&AC-O/II*&GWP)'KOQ

86XG
W0

;FQ:DW
M)^8]T=S4D[_
%7L*^[?[(&$/FYO'\#O_KOV/QO].W:5GFH[[_)Y\;9:UC=_2



Q\02+PG*W0G
.?.!/M6#K1



WLEX])Q%=+Q60P+?TALO[8





!LU%&*1'1R\XGGQF&DD

YMO(UZ.:;IR#?-YD%D*V\/GEP9/;ENQ3RY.Y_\O\2G
M




@9A8


#P^4X=#W2T
_F

YJ_^(]^:Z4Z&4BN:Q.?6Y4/-#]:O


MK[S _O.7O__MY]7+_F5Y:3&12]_YC5WO#EZ9S%S:-A\;HVOV\FDR[O0VPN]F







MU-

M*.&_6HL_!UNNL=];CD5W/P-V-[H55Y8GENNMM\]^.];K/=(GU^=!2B7?CLV\



M @!\I9:?LA@/$H_7!!&KGBG=NJ9A


([$FU


KCISVM3TP@PRXTQ^)I*.E\.+HT&($.0H;=ER( ,088@0YAH\I05^M@

;5&%:-(DY0R*8?1T-JRVJU*1^8=EX'# 1&HE @TM 8T !H
M#:BQ!IPV-4-VN^L=L(!$0*J)1&&/#\!$@&)@$143B)DYIFITI%'3C6-:E5


M6


 Y_ QJ@K 9(#


M#PI4E*50KO+Y[=C9D%-^LO(]SZ_##JJ*C/[*HPTZLZ@STO; *-_ST!GH#'0&





!GW+9A[-&*B(T\

M'](?TI]CTQ\JE%&5@KVE3ZBGHQ3Y^ZQ&IVZLL$KIYQ[OHR/L!V+_2Z]MQ#0+







H/F

MKGC$:VQ%4B_IX

!S'45(




M5U;GXJ+3;;4NK.N+WOF@95WW+]Y;E^?-QLE/2SAYC!
?@LQC
%MRPZWEG7WU
MA?(^71_69M';5C-E9D/@O #U 8/EH])!QWPFOMD3$+=@8

4L_]7C?GFNZ

B\_U)Y8E)_?(G=QF



M.BLP3'
I





M6#X%!\@
W6&LSXBH4VD1=ST%143B4$#GH N_XH$;-ZBI:RZN?MGF

M(2




(C!CXSNM2Q=F?5^CR/(XV;/)ZT!X%F(6TJ]320#V#TJ$.(]1JZ

MZ14.46UK+/G^ EI%8%P&4UC7WR._)+T!\H508#,I2T' A90A)H/,,F:KA6#
M0-V]Q%+-6\H#\0,/@2IP+5Q+B=;\J#LQ3?@9HD7*AFJ@Y$Y8=DB!#/DLP4!

O


B#JZO\F2
M&

N_%!A2\-@#O&9&(JLFX$4R
M0+NJ^\G];^934 D.@ZD6J-!$F]/+O%/8-8)GL<&#<1(4;.PB &HZ\#0FZR
MB8&_JI)^\[A,<8Z]L+^<K +F%1Q]F^ TC]#5WPUH]LI
Q?4][\'8LQYZJ

%G8!6Q?7RJ:.A^CF ^.#N'I;9K

\K%^*HNEK7\=BOP
M^28P2[?(W0OARG]P/]VOT %*M9NBZK=-U@='B]O[#H'$V/4WD((95=&P+VSK



/!P7[:(@?)U4==/P3W (GTL;N#I
M.&J:O#;?W

1U%[A3&W_P1QC


MAK[OA ;*R0B

[[J+'H
M?I:D1&!/.A3_/I5%F):D=


WZ?DQ?8/0$?
^:@WK;;
=XE$D02P_UJE=
MX&SX21H-N!1N@#6\TA0F^YS*9N]6J+VT(X&=N1.A=Y:OWV0@G
:G3BSU57H

1XOK'*7VEI*

MN&V6Y=)R]3=6R$?R@VF3
Z%JU[N1F$KFQ*&;%*F_!^P #^--R]&0)\K/EV5;


NMOFF;_^[1L'-X R5V.G\F1^@0W90









MLMT6I*=



_P]*WW/V\L87: QDT&JM%LTK5TW_J

WR98)73
MP[



B#A3C]F-H2N_PF!\KLM5+.=VZ(6]



MJ?3Q



M?)N!U:X/B&N(:XAKB&N*Y9IVFU91Q#3$-
0T13--?;5( O$
\0SQ#/&


\6)R+B^;+QI131$-$0T]#)IM&J=;H^65AM#IO)Y&-N+\&;I





$(8(8P01@@[1H118B$E%I+&


ALA&

P\!PC

:656/-AK7Q
MZ\LJKY?&I5IP%F

M=&+E(V4;0?*]N'RAC2--&T7[EH0SH*01R5C-F.;3J2,I@2];TW-[T652UE)
M'P^6''TU1J!'AT(L^PFQ/!GXJWQ@[_3&9W3A\16[


0TQ#3$-
4S31U


M0JO=J3=
J\IQQP4)


2= B:!&TR'H1Q AB)8%8E\HQ$+0(6F2]

AC6Z];VK@99G)H@TU


M



+S



M]ZE4G84UR^JJI.# MBW0 \Y)HO\R ?8?E-]_8+7 !/A:#KL2MI@.P3EL6376
M;%@;'_6LO%X:EVK!&8L%*.7SPX([5=-+[G.'FXI$4(R0E.T19?N]_OGQ53&I


MC6[=(BN_H0 JGWJPO0AODM=2
?%M)GSYG


4%R3 %.?T@2VR) 0+LB0D'9VZNJ

0[I)4?AHI'LSU 20:49%!&6T@((X01P@AAA#!&&

F6I2)6H*]F+)DHJX$BS]<7EP6


M&COYG#SE!I]R8J1M!D-DHSB$X83


B/

E+MKW4)




M77*?.WR?!JWTIT'
-B5:_;\YW/11,T/KXD6P#E3M0!'H.YVQGN]9O] S6^SMT-ZUT*JN<3H<


']UFM5KU'[AXM@6@)E-S7


%O.
'
MAZ3'P^$97#+.'#?$AX3B6WUA*R\@

MN?]FC9T@E

%W'CG
MA\ST;LWTSI6PE.(JF795E_

M(._/4A
NCKDRTP</+@HF4W7K&A4?4#K*(JF4&W
MM

?A+&BZYLS0BX56%I6B6$(%#-OQ0-/@
MRWL(F@1-@J8Y.0X
EN@]=FAN'R14M=(J[LSF:O@ZSSKELLL7RE:A3N$NTU2J


M-=H$+HHD/T.&=#@_


M&-.FA7(*:])]Z?B8

1?Q%^;\U=G8/Q\




MQQ+&(L+5

@Z%&$W,/GJ]D JR%\P+S7$UU-[

X)ID6@

E@ [='!1*=:E4JQ9$1!C*D3U
MOZC^UZ8B:]4ZW1Y5
*30U8[]!&(P8C S(FO7K':WOO$):&(P8C!B
&*P4C%8
ML]$UF+A%#+:XSJ0JK-LLP:D*ZS-'N-6 /NGJOG:H*,PF*JR;*X/O7=F'OS
MW2YVYT83UV=!'+)+ =_!C]=Q&



MX/-KL1)+[M9&5]X&4R7

MF
WO]G5
%FDHRTSB?91OL#]+32Q0

MUXV]IN?@#VG0PM# PO!XL-6BRD@%&[G#M&54&2F7!-IL4@T86A92#9@Y(KH=






M;.=[-UIL(S\ Z&$V-L9#

MX;MVPZIWTY
]1IJL;=VS)*R6^&H*#XZP \WL;]%+2CO?:]4'1CNOYFUW_6_W

D&'0LX$\IOP[I'%Q(R[S@+[


WC1*#+PP.\WM]D=8



48E*:Y!7';8(
X\)XC9J' V^8-Y00/.#Z;S;UOE-YLJH@3AS@!
M69T-.0K*#J8H
M7

![4(9!1

MJZF()H&CYE'9DELAE2[ TLC%[W5(@-_Q$.?X
I'^0R)D
S ^4BVS\3*8 KWT
T2% \NT;8@0-)*8<1TY@7W(J$(!^ZSHR$CN.:-M_IY)D(&@5^1RZL%/Y


&PGU6\Y5UH/_8328HG%DRYRESE .3U_ 1H0 &#[%9_ W#
M:O

M0L4SDYV;^8Y




8)8R2!&YZQVF+U(Z#K
W& *)AXQ+JSZZHNN ^$
MAV/% ]D)P@7A8DT.GT%#0:EZ58@)[F'SYB6&15E-39_=U&V[R@VA2L$TVK9

M13\I^DG1SW6[9


MW&691



M








8JH3]M^A;:/V%/[9]E&H'QR58H&=%\BD(@$M7




HR


MC&0\MR\X!Y\$T!7:DDMTHG'HD:(G
+Y!.$LHE9WBT*8L.5H Y!F)30;[W(W
M9M]:[U[7P-:5L*-4VW&^!C&#&UH38F2N19]),C6/ 1V$1IOL?OH!4PR4I
MR@L-ERRX^G*4C0:]4VP_@,;X: 0*I,8635P0)?C'D8O.*SQO%D[ZD)P=F'!
M#-/TX?+BLJ;4-)






M=+ 

MVG1E7A72.^$KC]O) D7&
V!XX:B/]VLNE_'N'6#6*)SEFI@XMBL#J+.?E?^
MTI4 -TG%9] 9U3X3W$7R!MZRE#\(3JA:D8G22PI5&N2!8\8;E*.LI_%AY*6



N\EJ\D 2(Y@RGP;?%IH6L(J+XY4]/7&STR6(OEX=C8*



FH%0S99
M
S


M9*


M


).ZDSR.@O0+G3ZJOM$99H-!O=_H-+JP
F1Y+E@
M39]-IE
QI( O44#C+Y B!2R+ FY^0*FTVKD:63M4&UZ 2_D)D^QME8V79-?$

7H91E?.
MA

M/$
\0SQ3; V3CL'B7F6?^FV)AMZH%KW[=322(E))H+
T9^$EZ_CF?I?Q!128



\95
CAB)



M.HKWE'2+E/B1^/$PSK)56NF('XD?*Z*JQ(\5/2]7::W;RU)\_^18GF
-!_86

VY%Z
MKS6



M?;S3#Q\&GJ

 H4P)_0D@.JJ\)
MP8@%,: L.'OF0BY4O








L;9HACGBN/:ZU!9*PKF4#!G7G2DVR!$

]^+&/NX9%:UQ^%XJ\8S]*SSBED[0[8*K2*NR%$\:1QI'
M&E=:P54E'F-22MG^X2<!SHP4+!@Q\&?.7-\.IN(L%!Z/A,,B_HV%0HKP=K5F
M^OZ
UT*SI#338M16HP2+@@7A(N7B..T;2Z:OSKISQW]'E'TN@RQF^JZC^^]

MBIV..7C3KY5C74R]X&






*64.'+3Y?B;
I+7]SXH=[YG7]RID.RCN&.?
M@BGWW[&'NK@N!G'G.M'D;;N_8<O:N+F%S\O# )#?([/;+YHT:_0,^XQ;9=
M#,S:_A01;EF9'.%6 _I]%O@LRAU($8LB$/VX<
-V9UZB0S/59LV&U:^P.



M$!$*%
E%P/\N7M!44#04^Z@\\!FH$6JER!A?QS@53+SHY=&SIVZX*!2UQF


OQ+4\)@47\(E$J-VI  4P]Y3@LP270+6WAJ4R'QWN3Z/M;1AD($M
M!$S=* RF&J^8/PA73(0W W\E$1
.-PIC.^TE/%Z
1J[M8GO*=?3$-^4S)4_%




HNG7#05GNVJFTT(]@1$L(
M#&PEP@//9!S7\$9WTJ4$'$F5^[!5W
5FPMW%&-P@&'=3
1/1C=)ES+(%2=C



MNJF:HS
!WYI1K6;=
RPTP'@]JM@UKWLZPMQL3V;3J?<
V\B:7

P'R7$;JU$U1*7

:V-J[@V[AS8VOAJ(W]@OI[5B51ZCU3M\
5#&6%H/MF$U9M(RC;#


_?\5P^

O@WW)-!7I\]6$AY







D[OQV3]B
M7\Q=N?2L?1*I7SJV?







MR2;%D*FVC)MJM5N;V&3L^FL\FNFFII3+-#ZW+A\J;ZSO 41X6!-NRHBZ924B
9*Z;RGY396LQ[4]<FN/C[!([;
M@_K@E2F6GF<SY%Y+&KKO_^R?


#CO6 &\)T&H3X3(B(7


MAPL ^'LJ1*1+ 68='8
UPN
/JNH162HM5L$3-8]96J]R=3W4*26RQ7.
9M9.
MM49OM4SRBZ@US42&:7)QET##


2%LIJ
M)Z6N\*2

MDTY7P9EI=5;?H[B=*U.L_]+L=TO&=#U#-F?N+Z@SZB:9V)1QV)E5+*D$BK1%


^113^'(BDZ0@M9
X%!CBD_%TRD.X6!] 2NQH5M1FV2L$

1GM0N.6
MGTF%N]#!=CP
.L_ 'J@3(:N!Z!W:B ?%7Q;!?6=*.D\JVJ;8W%P82@V-2J-7
MMPJ71UEF'N\;ALSV! ]_/

Z)?B**R3'315IF
[R$#HFW.


M8(R@1] CZ&T







M]_6H*- N;


K9:YR[W'@A?(=
M2EY]W#B;Q3BIA!W*6W9X4 
EE#T


M(X8DAB2&)(:L/$-:Y$
20Q)#$D
20^XK7$]
24Q)3$E
67FF'!C
4R6&W'!C







M?JO1L-2-%]W.H-&S5@<)7=K# )\U&?D!


MMU

$LY- J
M&X;(?*EAJO^SSLZ!#!



8K7=TOX.L



M

M:E(L]:CARS$.ZFEE:LV5J89?9N


M(XTP*B8G[BC2(_)AE02S D-/%A[0P3L.VFQS/R75Y#*UF
*[U
/X\I3##[_:



5+@CTJ!C/X) .(D\]Z0)^@Z&CRLU@2KZI&P#-E^=7

O]16T+;-7M**]F
+I^&L9)







M?BN OCQR_V?&9P+R^.PMO'Y$ 4[!*:



42?[2\( H9:$D!(_2A\LEH5
6/Q'/
M8

M\G\6#F\*4:%?=CD!50W
B7
MSD/*848

!
M]4;A'/






)6



%J0P9NH-IJ

MRC00:P4/MD[.D0^'%29SC$-34S9A:^PEG.2S8^DH3X36Y*DI
-?H;C*Z&5X.



CC<97]X.'H0 XF&HZ9G[;<Y\#_/@ZE\15?';QC

'_[I

BJ$E ;=SUY5Q-W!;0]

M)QV++N90



M]KX2\D]
_6+J\S3#B^Z#G5K
A,UC.T)=Z:R.H


^/V7\&?%7=94;/];JY'S83%N1##AGCL+
MH948&.X.AV/



MOL

1^



RI^NMA\A:C#UZ\8ZRXM%]0*M\D7
MZ!VLTM4E

G$[S+ E)&T















U]5Z.5C7*

:

637TNM8+9




[$]/Z
DD+&


MQ)

@ZD%
 H!\P7

+6+@QZ21]EX57
^^7TELS$#(#M&]5[?OL&1J&6/DF
M


M+
3]R7Y#  ME(XB#UUR@2.0WGD4;(#B3)E^4Q +9401U!9M!C&K'UC)_\$
E'7 ;Z3@&&T87<T1G.!C2R9SQ

R4[?SJQ97=#'B3%<7*
MS:\-RDZYC
3:+:FBQ[((RA/[^&6/')48+CRRD&/I^1!(ZA2TQIS-.%J41=#
M6E3DD\QB'?@LQ
2Y=0^



M)G@Y(J4^L8]?@5+Q3XO/MC\6QL?%R!.^%HNVK\B/E%W0P0+N%_DW]D)&:(A%

QO@D\W6:_G:NB$8^V


.'TY'P;@15X:85!R5#6.L&6/!BKJ-*

E2HQUC]\4V;N0Z
MS)U30W$@UKI+QH@[IH2






46U7!&%

&Q




!=8O!?O
MO+CA0:GX8


MYYXPC5J
;TIBQZ;'9K'BU.=LZL^.HPN/:8:#!Q;3P+W5UH'^CZI3615K0_I+
M:5G;




MK$U.*T&;?QN7!(7 #.*Z(9 5LG97ZN2TW+3W.+JYVQ _RVTWI25I
=FI )
M=RM.(U9WD%NAK(NKZ$R9YA&KMU_)@;'87

MX^=3A
?Y!G&MG3PH&R@]L.V


M
B7@R(%LMBOVYZO9UDM&8[Q(%&=A.6+XA]!N<
M](=P=GD59 AMP6(HSWW5G^ P@MR1E!69',!/CX_?@X62/TY*-V*W 5GG[/Y=
M -#1OZ,_@V_LG-*OA4%TKRW3I9_(!)@GN9HRKM&Y!P;9*-=<NU

M=6M1V'U]/#RS-?6A4MA=??14@NV2 ^?DB?AB:+I!CXR;B&V
L_59Z0;/8-B/


MG





M8PJ\(Y;+-RZS(X-CMH.NN8(UNX,@10 CB2*8 C#AV






M0H)
'CG60FP[!IXR5U_Y&)0=E.70@]HBT!\8?PN&-+^:^!Z#)Q%7[!0$RU(9
MP%NTS(^YAENTTAHA?EV-D**0)N!;KSZ;30K)SFF682CWS:9Q]8E C(HDIG6I
M[#_VQ%W/KE#XXE628D;+.*A&O0D+4'F-TOC6NCD@X31F\SZ(@DOQWUC\!_4;


MU(K:1VU::M;IJW&
 8F3JY-QDK

MXUR.:P*;V03Y8U;



M6MM]E?PBM5ZZZ(EP692:'I_+V 7%KL(7@G=Y%;107'P? 02RBA.0'L2Z277L

5!(

[:ZDHC: '(-N&:QV^0 U@]
M9W@NC+'-KVVT%E(687T3!A_RBE*6@B+Y?D'GC5*4GAGL0QC)!;9:^Z^;6%


(?V+
@VH)V=VH\=VPD
(*4')1

BWDU!RJR0
TPE37

MA$@-\#JDRR@


MK7ET)V!7!TG/Y
;HBJ7:JZQRY<22\G3\DXA:5B[2:SN(\L-0I:5/;

M(5[]&WO9Z0)%N#:];(BJ3:J291=7AH-.&[!-@K'X9/TCG*Q/4GGD4==R=N 7


D%:Y3=!




MW\
\B//4!M



MP\$
5Z4[[-G( AN2U)'
M(YT,ZF^#[X=JW132Y!5]%419]%0^DEA];)T_E\2DDLH)?;KWWT_&?[Z%D0(

M
34Q
C

/A !P._-O_^.OS


/OWMYS\_P

M(^]_FS@_F4Z6D[1 ? I:_WI5I_RWGY?N&IE )65K%OSW@^$LOUVGO_V\F'R^
MGB);?AD
[U=IZ2;3WM!_!&XL*CZ67_=&Q$-HQ].P^KR:EBVZGF[^^;I.5VFV



M@/!^R]$]X-C*HWKZX=$SUY

M

O?/
5Y_;DQ%VY^MP_Q T <

M
AMFLI$Y\%OZDJ;\_7PZ1=OMJZL'THC[IAF9ZC_2$L_7R3Q.PF6YCD#=1R
M]\XS
MT;)
;2?6VG&YL+]?P_[^_$NT#I0&QH.]_(?&AGCQX%='2*ZD^I.*3H






(?%O)7XN11^+V-/EX#TK/#^@=DP-=U='R





M*T-3/


=UD/:=XDZVU#[-G!_2.2;D90:?C\$OE+J!ZQ_Y #Z(]

ZQWK([-


,16-A@O.&%@C O4&#CA



M
$_!
I$\5]QKZ3N)!_N.Q6
(MHT@*4WHOLFQ).28O%7:]VQ9V2EE+6!0X\

CO6$)ZYMA.T7CB^. /JG)7
M[2:S5-\0]FW+^F[_L

3&;34J6#I[N/7+L*?!*.Q]Y%!*TA8TX0:R<QF(
MYYDDB_^F\HRUSF@R




M^V0V^;SZ?-OW8I5VR&!+%4(AE)&*603+;87A)1 IJ/76YV#M24(A+0EH






%13Q4 12\$+
_3(M5?]A7N.A*/NQ:&
M]V_]3_(4X=XSY?(@[MGBH5L1_N&5B[9'
O-D]&0BS/^9F@:A0) 45M%'[

MGL\^?4SUYU?)+UM5:]H^H#+6&^ZDAIQ]@!R$ 8KG*63CF8Q4\23%&





1IHP;M60+%N.942)%%MZR'T;VC_B
B_?)M!/%X2O^M


2 EBXK


MCVO''\F/
0QUM[@J-B/^I^SA+V[:6)'+EZZNO^$V_;N;[GSEW&I\9?'_%
FX

M^;)Q-G^;NUE75;$71B43^JJ4
W!2

M(W4IZFWMC^3*F

X$U'A9@)36


B]K_VQ[)GS+5_[[[^CA9
/7'3)@)=^C3O

C]B\/_3%JK.R$6]1;
MR
/V 55



R$F=;N%&ZF+

E^W*)C5^7?);=<8%=PRI'DW.Y-.B0$C6@8!P5

ISO6_.:3*E)FC. 


MM9*)-L





S3;F*=.EC+
[*S3&H9:QJ=1K'Z8-X)DX$9)B\7=
M:_$&YRL\VE[@=HHOYY^OTVS1\/8P_704W


M\OWR;#O$Y+DAE9322)D2*)T#)&X$;@62(7 2N4A1Z-2MCH/ZH62D1_Z-[!'=


MN3GBN80GZJM43[X@7[^DM[/%LEZ5GQ_F.1T.K J,V)C*$%Q#49I\$K I)H
M22U/3*BC8\@_@(8:A;

M1

%A
PH)
8U2$[431
8H0CI)C?V1U!-8_%TY-/NWBYHU.N!VNDP2)4WP@=&

/M$2VOC_.+@#RL$U(25P7I


M@W'S%(KHQ6HQF27$N*2ZK9


@UM0%]9!Y!

K[+=R=Q2RO[F=$5
M3RHIJ0A8$MW4$* Y$H94Q1YT@



M/%F6KKR[#ZW-1Q5#$K1&1Y(KCO $D4A.U&!UEH(EKDCH5O[OI$G31R_7T[.I
.Z.Z
M#@E9+3KF%9TT*MBW7/3+P1$$97L&]@X9V3Z@<DX[XH,$HP*RBKNR'[24FC;

?+*2O&2O=3T]4O^QG)E+BXN




]U27




^49#(D:@G#9*ZY#X!U]!OM#*
#S

M%T\B



MAT3O&%5Q+1.)5(
PU(!@W(+CFH!ST1&O@C/)[Q'CT4G%?ZU?W5P6BQXWSW(=
M3&W$:5X:I)2+X_ETVEA$ZUR4;NSI
E.5% E)Y9))'2Q85=)=HG+(4N6]MXE&




D7-I %B

MMWX79U_YQ21.W#


M!;L@3#/U4C

-^5


3=)HO4*_2_.CXL

 5-R*B47Z*]F8B ZQ0UERN;CK]:&
NJ?&?Y(0^?H[]<OW1_7SG*?2<]S;
A)5D4D9=7C-'

CZV?%UIYEDHZ?!XSCGP
28(03.TH8TG
4O%_#GG
M$9_-BC^^E.F%U6

MC0I$JJ./Q$%?S/6S4+N+WG;@TBB+?E.:$UX*^-J^Y#*,1$-\\@=Y@EH+7#


M
H)Z





Z=U'31S'P_)1T!\DZ &9%

MKJ=_
8O;/8/G4N@WR';#ZWZ?P+[AOG&3^N]NNDJ_)[=8K1]U+?YP==T\9GB5
MEFXR'8RH&ZZ]1#'XE$:;]IV?3CYM!'*D*2\13E/)#L5G





:+ @_O%!9YA^XQ9;
MVNK@4FQ:Z3QM9GF2R4N/AC?3^=?RBX'#.TQNOOP-HQY#FC=(O/3=TLI ]7

M
8S*<




FZ %0*FD\4Y829 //P+/TN/
R

/KRK_O(*]=(A6N2=I(HE_-/B5R[K%JBZ1YON^
M[W/UJ/L!7K%(2K\?!B38 $PX!EIEOJ[+*I
(279KOJ1^ 
$Z*9]/HL?NHE?(


@8++#
 R0\3HFC4J=XFF3UI]@_69J#:'\RNDK
ERH^&EN:17PS
MK^_IB,6ZR_1R\SYS_8_#&-06:A4S0[LH:910M(PXZ54FHDH3$GB;S3/27Q7



MED+4







320\L*@.O5;;IS]OCMS;4VL3(BL19?SO6MIF\5$^





&B+ \NP@$Z5TE/A#W4W&Q&@9)6.IMEZX=PJA:;5#


MC8$.L3ZXUX


M?K\R


MEZULW!9 *IDXR3Y(



MS



1:
M$

M*Q5_S2^DL&@5&?Y*O3)




[7+2(^?&$Y32GBX5YQ[7








MTP?X2A&2:$@
HM(1@L*3UL9 @&K%J'
N.]'-ZAW'8#DCV1R U8??*1^ :+GH
M=%]Q
R&H J$EDL^% DO$3041@2CW:SB<0JZ#QD

_@QNI;;ZQ(%AG#+55\(A HP6L)=8*9Y3HF*(_
M3@69

*61H!J-QXR:O\6\9#PH5A'+.

Z)0^8IEB90


#!&W4;4EL8OFAC_#Z



L4_^[J27F==L/JUVA+



M@:R[M\6#2.MC\)4R)DHN* @=*$0M2_\L32!PQ;5306?5+:@_4B;2]R.P/;#^


MXQ/#)71[.U*=)1.'XUUE2K)#E@*U@)2*71-$K% ,RV9VC[8TW1^'Q/I^-%

M[U6(^UJ$



MV:(AIZ
RWEAZN.C<

PJ
'QYTP6
ID9+$AC
M%/C


M]33@*)B5%

7EN



YIY/9QV0C_7\.M7W[ZJ'




M0V
(QE)_KK7I;NLI7*YS52Z6RWKB5\NRIS_.!Z@ V&72C(IH[8$5.0:HB2E
M%0WSP+,1TCO%M#C'?(RA1.C@ E\C,7T$Q:-ISMRCQ36@V%5@K-D+2X+YS(




3PE@(3C(*QVD 
)FK;)3LT!31,1ER-
J%W4F






M

B&SU&


MT.2W-3UDM%QZ[H5'1C=G.DD)R?CXAF[8NVLH:.!5]0RYT6@0%WV4,P$D!J=
M9




4ZIYWI8^)[9

M2 !%4X
:@S*


EO^
M'3]?U3OS

$ZKI166
R[]Q

!#

MD5X;NYT\YMP%8#2&'2X03Z


KIA(:#=H!$PX]0J
L&%+*!DIB
M0_#X@[-

(T!09I
B#

3 ./C2NP@/=JVLM8J+H\N*#%G(


MSH$0*JM0M3K.01MT?8GQ!JS-:FVL

7@


2)$

SB)BSS(855


M8E7*%:


M-'?

H6 J0GF( FVZ)-#W2U1*I-+;S84U$]FD;H6!3AK[

D5[+4MF+2
F=0O.T!\W@'PD




M$O$6S\1)7?[1:-92$G;73CD
4$4M
9:@_I5$1 @.G4 B*(68..KF9 E)W9XL

347?SBL=)BN]3$@;DV1A%LVI$&558GNQR4^Y]56GMM ZFI&50




G_]/V]__[A%XY?Y

?DQ^;S(U7+V?GV=EV93ED%

MKP(]%5E_O2[SR[__O)Y\7A!M$M6O^]]3SK'U_RO_^\FM]\600$?QV
;INO




MW3ZF/B-WZO(R+$E!&)_*R7(UF;;XP(9^[1E1



MX7BI[*F[7_SHS




JT^P:ZOZ


70V&-T#C1?YLCI
4-.@

MX?V&HWN@L9%']?3!SF\NYU^W&OUFN5J7F]K8_(]\=K55_?!/34YQ6L^3BN[:
M3*K^H;G0^Y@\%8=W#^XWK9[9//V&5+SNWW_?;.^9VR;O2





M'?FN78

M/5-Y5X:F\B1O+PQOPN_;7F_O/&_/?+W+UQ\GBZ:[6
/1/=/8=J]M/+YG.ALM

MZ4$TGZ!_2HOE/_)5XUSAYA/T3NGV@O?[V[R+JLY-L9HT#:3%3=8[!\W6IA/#


M)O-E=U(?3-

]1^^L

8A/HABMLK7D6Y$VTR&)NRM?T06@#7:MZ
(P\D
M(



M0E$




MD/#_F''K(17[)90+06




2?7*1WUL&W^7KVD:J+K_;?#6_6F[7Q_)_;R:+



MND42UM-A&:[64$N(5@0#XA4':I^+XJETH[5K^Q'=07WH#:I7JA=CLW7'IPXO


M82H#2]82Z8WWVA
(8





0 I;J&D5-TY!R#*HN:O

6Z^UY$Q0S9W1

@ZAE+9:#P4T'G NO-X!83P!
M409


M(_MV-RU;H?9B;MF1[35UB06&1F






:6NAHD[$VBN@_C


MP'S%VC
V@^PE*DT+95G?:@M8BM;^8=?9&_GBT58FJO4L(,FT;//91H9(0)5
MS@+-G- ,[2--E=2KIM@EK=42[Z0Z2]K!INC!^*Q6)7WNB ,-M/E+' C3*2
MZ6!E:8QXPCN;3SQE6Y=O$L0@CB,,7O'P+@^&^?'[1BUGRJI\:FF#G6X%
M]YAAH6JH5#4CT.?AA9S7'IA)(9GO T7@





=813I4::
M39 QPCG4$!/$'-7,$,+@CGD)PXZ3YC3P:)&1(439,B<MJS1%A898[(DMT0A
=AEO<6^8NUY76F2YU&:\Z5)0B:PH5(!'U9<AY7SH&8XTC'






''5G32%M/)8
M&6&
#/]5U)_R/09FZF3L^
&#F:

N(
(

/J
+.(X @@'LHM+ C*U 3@W_1'_LI
MI#CYWDR*]Y_+D UJ*P%D3%N)-
-
UCL

*X+9BQ0[L)^B!%!M .C-*MB


MX(/G


A7'3D.N4V^W&:+R?EO&BZO=Y_/J/2,$(A6$+@IH)2@(0
M.[:,U%$1I8%KX_6]K7; (X68=]3]L5Q]R:?SRWD^.[W<'AJ3&8T,8MA8+VT

NB-$59YK=W0=1R=A'0

B=

MR8]J\:N

TU(SBQA!R.PQ12:J

MF

$24MXH1
MXEAI#4TL&;9L[AB:.VK@9[#E.P?G7

4@89MR @!Y5UU26(



M'XX&:? '1V72 V
4\5Q;(8Q0!MY%Z2B)J^ [F$4ZI$;T!U(/?;


2 BB\04RK^L8.YP)$U7@?K&[($/+L%9\N



MU2H_[9 T&I\QBBHWBTNON2?:8CKFS0
Q55TZ+W=E\IC-(AX&K_;=OYZDL5





MZ?!
XZH

1K'RH<^?3@3DE'BB-:.6B&IA5[OM1
J4<-\,</9Y!Y:ZS5G KH.-!,V/WV@I6.DFWO;5L'L;8[
M0C&@:7VT2GCD3,&.\!XH8B$+A!F@!U%%)6?:UB!-U[H]5S&=C1.7XPA\T


FOHX/8DF^?J)'1!)4G



RD25165)V%H)L-9!J*6IJ6;8CZNF

1!QZQD6.[Y

VE&939)PX03VF




MG?QG49JJ8.$)HZ+%+)EB$GDAJN(
2FNH' 1[0PM@%W47:.!6:#W;$
.A=5Z%


M$M7J#(=0T]LW.JJS!NV63LX)K-,.@2X]00@3P'0\,Y8\;;N
I9#R:[)P=4


MY
O\VV3QC
ACI\JH=P$ZRC@!P3\

-=;^A3!1)!%G%[I4ZX
\(EP:;]#/]UYP0S*<L?0;__,5ELCE4O:CI%YH(1'(Q6(G!AG.N*EW**.=
M'L=MA+Z58F4VG_N^USFQHOVD1&9
1@ 9SB4&F.

M+


L/:80DRTX0X*8

LRA]2U7$*_EZ-0BY\W#.]ZY[/C #!(


OG=7E-LY


M3%ZS;36+*D



M48N&
V1((








M[Y@S4MA$-9DGB\7A3[$/T9SJA1T#QO8;JUB:K?\Z712K?!8L_W(;$=[]
KPA





MPM*+^'[U#29T5.W]5$9%.OWH [MACAR6JV(QGU572?1D




O;UDPG8W%/'\ZL

M5/KC8)G[?4JQ+TA2)
9NKQ\WN./Y\
$
8A+\1ZJ %4!;X023JF9$0N-'M77V

B

8+$)=-:9A*&PTS'!7LQWVGG&=
M.'64W&
#:@ $NC%AWR:!V+#AE.5MVN^ !P=E]' EZ# $T2%P]P[G'-9G7[

M3%HTKGNW_0J_1UP2?OGOBML:S+\7DV7L
G!RCBQ BBP7$''!F204 EV?&2@.
MZ;@*APZS)O0-4I(









M6 *OB0IN:[T#*N5HE$
_F%7?J\Q[ 22QJ=;01
N@DMY7!HV@ 1FB+


M

(#B*MX.5@Z]YT!:!R02#0X@V'G6?^X6$PL\M9=0SXI4H?.&Z1'1N6



.U]KLK!6VUK\+U95@O(^L?;


VPM)(_
\^GQDA *6$



6! $OK!+92E:/C
D&]E1Y;#+SFFB!8

9H75BD=4

M2B;Y3.?+\

P^@V%MQUG 2M8L
=G(]^*??&U C=GF;V;.=)\\0
ME

 8$#V8+L


MFLF7^7IR[#K*@1$9%11[I3E2UAC)#0:\OA);=4J-NADZ6
1O@$^T'UP2B/Q#



9G6Y!&X?.

@56JNF6HV@





K



M4SXLUWO7P+&H




M
I@24A]A22K



;2N#Q@*2^
MW'I+[Q%A/_-TAJD.+BJV*JBPY@!00VM%5D:P*!D/=O6Q)QEWQZ&]M_VDX
9)
M/_O(B

'9Q::R#U0(;0GP=X.A-@

P18
G]I)JMKORB^K1Z2L+^<MZ.CWW<^
M+9AQX.VCOAK(:) @@F$SA(H)($S0FVI?5




MAJ.JXG*^K@J
'3V:JA_*L-
V@U$-NJH9;!U+*4BM=#A9/?4:^K=DZ3177P^%N0
M5,7U^Z4-4'\-G'W-5ZJ<KZHV*YNRJLU%4$'G8Y_619PHXY)2Q%V4CC@L*P-
M^.$C2J],M@:.T)]3@;]F=?H#_FTNH\;;-+IHV_3!S&I]^;- [X[+M1;\N0

M4460LBP(G9
=M!;SN./^P;*X1JK6Z? _LVK?OXCT]-MM#$-U?25?7P0YE1_S
M\NM\FIOPKGSV;SKIY0PHPSZ* 
7A@SFE.M9:R%ITV.KN
%@6W$@_G?'*


6:RL C73


MU).A490&B8$ U13K6IFG$GF#E3%FAC$1S/ FW'_.O. @6:6\Z\9L&DQ23\



MP@%2X7\:$8H$W2]UPD5E1::

D

M!@A3@JQ&6#*%]E8MC[LGG3)^&OM-=\
A@4A_*ZM4E^V=@R/BO/=4IB 5Q'LI
M(!'($ 6J&]\[%KQDHX]8QHHR'H

U7EF%8IW
MW[\$R_1H0*71!!GA5'IB$524B; E!;YMS;@6.*HH8




^2I:



)1NO]1!*J.:2@X6
MKAM.?H*
<RGEZ/






M68R9!L9[A 7V4AF+]ANEAC)JAQFN)VPC1H.O'/M2VWWHXQB)C4A0@A#D9=&
M,K0/KD,2EPXR7,_8072B#V#.(&\[7VS6^2S$GDT



M2  LI@34#%NB68S\A\N2[R:SUAY
2W3NU&'XLFW;5L?7Q2( OMIU45[.GC\8

O[';[L56U'HME]2DV+?#VW+A



M0'VVP
1S S*+*!(( : %Y#B8J\K!FC$#=2JA-XS==9/-DUH2/220-1J.KVM
M^9[/#C7 .G]QG-DPJ-+2.20 N=5A H7;,?C*VH;.?A OV]*L10(70D4]5



Q53H^-@!;1R3'!AJ/.=_KMD=1Y[7MM_BS^O8=
4D@





F8(VF.B.:PXA-X+6K%M


41EW;&ZQ&VFB4K']D$VR
M;8MH2@^TDX)H@BB6
O@$.T983J#O!@!=52;671^00\*$LR(K:NL[!$=$W

VVWN^T
M.CZ87\ZGAP(%'6?
J

9%U%]'2+U'W!*H



MWUT'

]L2U;5:K?I1?D#([+*F'7 J\4KP
S!$)QBS3VD)H

1#S!PC2N  (ZW950S1



M(^\O



N6/18IRHB
G9]NS^H#F?]$^NXT?'
M98A 1




.X&K%)
X!V%2](!O_U$203





*2$=$DHNX82+ \T.RL.(!*J&N*D()SST+

XKTXQ;=]C$'Q7]_]!M:SEOC_+[B=%/FLW?%
MNKJ^&$9@L#;^6(1

I!:&Y4!W+[


].V_JM9_;^\V)^M=WS7EGA+T 5Y))HSZDVA$.G
M

M5SL8)B
M_/7QNBC7GYIG=S[[? 8
)=AX(S2CQ#  E
4U%L#!1)9\YWA38Y$^
MKB+: R@)]O(G9)Z

M[9@3VJJH??\


M;W'83/=


63KKQ3Y[-F+'*8!:<7X@)


^'?=P7^;[X\*N-GG\VJ.JQA5DFQ@#Y8GE7W[_UZ9TVB








MN4C=Q39%4


M






2@N
0'^90FYT*Y
MP!#GJ #&8T^]
()4H;
**I2T3V0*4.Q#(OJ#)H
$'%7)\;/%YI^SY4.I[O[[


@O)NLYZ7Y=W6

8Q;T&5UON@%QO7%A(!)6A#^9 -@SZ6D]
Z1
2XB:*;*R
MNV3T#E!*#%[ [(_-(AJNOBRW[\MEE


M8'6'+\4QGFM26 L
\@0+2!A$6B.A2;UU8YIF?-R


T(ZD [\L(7.AS5R7@


C :HQFN


-IO]

AIW-2N-+;PG'A61
&I
3H?YA)TQP'MC8ODA






M%F&=$)(J[:I^

5(ZSKQ_*9%]QO)QZO!#$:0:0CM&P


MX+PP9C:JCX%XKO:7K%47[S)NMYLC^(.GKR+%RVQ9HT+9SWDAID@*$.4R:\
MK

M%WP&@CO!DV'1[E(R2!#BD




J2;N-D3U[0C[Z9C$HNRI
S!D)#$6&$:8&YA=9RZ^I(12C2
M_)/9DQ1T(KD#'!G8'2)AH 

2
-LA2T@V$V


R76;N?/C3F- FX?+M
+FA@&D1TT43




M)5)




MZ!:WTT^P03(JV2D_KGCT81?^N'M7;N;A+V;WS4-
+KVD


T@K


/8-8NF-B+.$1J4Z6H0

M:QA]D)L&2&:.WZQ7\U8T/S4H$#
ZED/T
J:F=5H%3:0:& 1I-8ZR7[[H@^ED

E@*
M QBR3IC*U2 DT6DI6







M

&2F1-M?
I0UG2




M$!]/J*Y:;Q?;%=%OJ;#%6D/$N63
R\J5J8.:.]TSP5ZX:R8/G:!ZL9(Q-0-_


M^;IW7#(:]-?8OOA\08AP2E

]CZ)Y\$
G7M=GG_GRLT<-!B
M* 5DF#.II#)5J(,)4RC)09C!#9P_TC8/P!.0VN5LNUU\6I1W/NOYO.'+P_+






MH'4!B5!2$TJ!L5H2I(S@U99L7BRQV^]\GE.5GH'[B\A,U,[F)NZJ$Q1+;U

MI
'4+0O-*.7
:


M\

/[\FL81GDX:DD1GI9O*AQG@ O!@
R:-X=A0)K0$1M4#!]XG99@;
M./Y^4EIS?]B.99__/((D9\[9]Q30$$T,D90@IK1Q1'#SY +QZ!84Z%YH;F+
M]XSB7U:H)JQ;3U^6QI.A5ZNO#[OM'@_8W%_X<ZO:
&0-A0Y*P21GA'GK1

M$I$&UT@2@9

*B3I*:&@QQ)++;PAS!@

'
S7M!Y+9)]-YN'\]/'[T6[F)6HHO]YK'
MVT\7DWXU;%D8:[PF'E.F5  8()UO2%1DY2N)6\FL+9\#H-
5HV[MD]CAZM?

M%450;(U5C!(OL'%!^462UH/W-FG/&-XW/&6A2L5V?

BV-J60^HA

='!X1B _#

M;+) ]%.-LAUB&32?HL,AKV/*6$8 $AZ(Z&'JD93$C3=R-#T]FXVF :@B].

4*[*0UV+U#5FIU$URG:@

ES5&T1MZ0604JINN


D6]-8A#YJ4Q2B!;

MT:@.44B-J6D6/=H.D!N( D=2


M[98[@V4#*P?Q[N];E8;^ER3 EMDHE[IA!?68LN9JT5:9:T.0]\*;LO]TE/
M\M!#
MK0Y=8<G%=YNMX-E2I[SBP6;P7QEWAG-$*@O.T@ DQ+3#N:J&8KE#HCD(OC-


1XV*J8Y\1QP44 $-:^+


MQS#KB/]L^5@%Y(2

H.IB-M_40H&7=
M9H[N+UZ#:;O?

80\;Y
 SN7^4X921;\_UB^WM@KRJ6:PXQ11AP@%#  'A9^L/@V36
M@TQNTE&V^1YQR4I^=16DT2)_J5G!'('.0F1TEIQ2O))P9HV^A0%(7ZL[*




I&T(@ZE\

A
MT!02
]^[;KNK]XI(5_;T]^KC9Y?AZXT*Q;U74/H*&4$V]Y!0'CFDRO!D%?


MKZN-=.;1$8WL]#9







'8#=JSJ?S;7#B42SZ:
MJ2P#L7=.1CK#E4$B]

MHX)]E91$LKU!

-MSI6[ZQH-XPB+VDW.JPE0;UFL!:<6(JR=O<WHTUJB8P
M+&33E*;&^T/K=Q8 4V\)4X( 8$
FCBNS35-)9F\9C&8/'27OTX0_Z\D_@#3

(TJ/()





&!4?(
M*2NU]=QX@66PD5@-%4D[O1K


CE

MZT2&+/@]LYT
2/M#FN$+&Q D)&((6@9P^#F8&ES4=B7RF3+:YZ1T*&RR;-
-
2]JNL783M=GEQG3U^I% .
MP:-4QX3@!6BB-6JMP0ZR;H<C*'.H*Y[06&<^WIAS-M%P'?_+_O[1I_*8$G=
MO5[
?ELL P?E]M5J'HVKNPM3M=N+T481%I*X)!3B +J%5IZ:0
.].DQ.7#



MPP*O%74\)K2JH5$!JDFY]?

M?;R^H( 8)82@P?S5
\3V<5CK[_+(X L9CW1^
$^PI.\FKU1[.8)5^


M!G&B!*-A+86D-H0

M'W][?+RWC@S
EF=]V5=:%$&0:9 O+8#'RGG )*M2NTEC75JBFQ?@R^X7MZRZ



_.K1\!N\??_SQM_EZO=F&/[_\^Q[8DP9P.J084Y%O7^/



MX7 U-(U84GJ6O%D$&I/3


GK0OO2=8TP)9XF @D-!H)#2DVJ0W(DD
M^O-FJTR=SCWTGY.'SY^G'[O






M+I#ATN
%$)ACAIC3V%L*3!@4. P%!Y4X4[FIDR$'_=&P[AV(J08$U'NJB1%[

S_UAU7AP5

M-( 2B8= LP%2\1P4JF7P21)BYX=[ ^3Q;[@J3Q
MO4.G[T-;PO[Q?;W6:V
MVL58@S.6\:E'^\%XER(L$=(QZA',0M.95EJ-8TCCT'LXQ[@Z)W-ZKK2]R^_
MK9=G:'SV3.&$Y8IBAYD#!.#:[%3T&1=C'K)OCK@L- T]4
5QR^6IU5_[Y
M_\KO%^?A#\\6RBM'N!82T/ CUMYB4PW H!_+O8^T00XX$;OAT3NAU2@_AM=?

JBD(

APR



M4XU//EM8RI7 #BAL- @Z X2\4A0H0S MGN66W$G= !EJT7[4Z]Z77V
&U=5]
M/.

M[_6 YU_L)6#XQT^H 

MVQ/_]M./HWA](=JX[T\4D'J'K0VJ%XG9]H&4 #EG*#9!']/T6DS70(&I=?+!
MCN.\EJZMWP\5FD.




0O%ZO[G?EYDO
&40PY-+#2
MH3$B22?O R=FFHB2U .<(\C(U0WG=(,4
(5D$9BKS46''E3VUH@_&ZRFDPW






!FERP_FU]?U\XU*3@)X
E@
'($
M@$$$ Z!K)5+0I!/^P6Y 3TQJDF'
$1N@9]O%7*WN;
2KO!OQ[/XISV#4_B?
M'RZDDI0((YG#Q@%!K3#6(ID


M7
'I-G/ZY) 8O50UB)W@;=[+$DT(55^WKCPE,:!FBL
M5%@);YASSCX-F$[+*=J#6308--EEP2ZV\\=NEW=/O7Y3[MY^^CC[4^UVF\5O
M8?\*OC'=7WUY?'^1&.1Z?-PA# '.?::D9 !X84D\E!WFFF(^Q)2L?@AD$
M

@=$$A YG_62[N




MJ

'9%/\EG\NQ-

(VFY4#IB=76OI0ND$W
,,A ,
MQ+!\(XAQ!8]S:1E(!]N)<DC4<.-M2VUW8XD +'T%XF1&2!&N0NEI1PR@I
M8'XP'\HP
M$'

MGE*2)$^MWEI@IB2@0!'C E,.(A-!1%$+BE!;S;%9!C)&A+ \3:K]IM4(0'6
M$LHM

M)HT+V*,IQ;* D(%QY1@.H%56B4I*X
=M(SE$0
@%2.:PK[/]Z77Q\V\\^S
M;?ENL[[?S+Z\F6TVLY%3#IZT EXWN






MVZ=1M'!X-'A/T/%\&#8W (7_8R-(6
(K**PQF=*X7W1V]
SI69]'_W!-U=]Q

?]AS 8SFBH$-R6F')A
JD57Z27H5EI_R^@P/9Y;$
M4#\/XYH]?;9-X9Q2&DJ=;!68G)H0Y[ ]%Q-UILR




MDXF


&X(N3DY?AP

M(=)(2*FRA%*L94#O
%A ^+0N^_7 65L'7CM\_A(./ 
-&:C9AHK[SG0-58
MBV!13MPN[BHRPT
A*'XV6*SO]7RCT6Y3W[_/W%

MV!!($*R&2[GC4S_M[

P%84-&TBL'E<< &VH09Z0&5J)
\;SC*QB#P)533G[9



M$HOLXN#^];#8?7^JS7I5!$XW*(AQW#%F!)(**NPLE:H:& LZ\J3
B#Z)^K&L
M2A_P)


M7 4


/] 8P%H&XO3KB;C[(%Q@!=Y)!C*'$FF!CJ^%:A6XX




: @5(*(X2C

X@(;C)9
3VX
M4QMSVBWU:RNX)NY.'3GU:\S*Q)4G+-@;EE%!PMI9
\9HIAKI0Z9^;2HLO:1^

7)R43=KY
7
MC^QB



M^BTL\K-YNV)US5Y9$*6%)RZ6#C24&TEM+#WZ [A-E


M.;]^N.0*27QCX3V0HDE'3:&NDHKJ+'J








5++RJ(










M
)N-4RND ?CBY&1JY[^W(A[9Q6+(S!N0:0



MJA5EO*LZK$P-@F$?

AL%9?/H_QD

F&G*41L69U=/
L]\4KU$?EMR-!J:HRQ91X?4A]^VMM!.

K
/@+95)VYRX+5$:&+

M-IA(#@OE
!-&:\

MQ#HTYK13K$
# 78)20.N<AQ;J
MC<4@+SYN(;&@G%U?^D+Q!S'D3]W].HI]=DVA880









M44&



&UKIQ-D.26BBB/:3Y6[M_'B^\-F
MLUC=Z]EVL?VI+
63RM;XC2E:4\
^RG/^O'0Y5T)= K



R5G56%AZ

7)R=0\


!1=2+H#(X8U$
8B2H&BP3:9DI1BALTYBSMH5MVN&3ZW[J
MJ(5MO!

(AJ!6B0H2ZNT\M?T+S+#0S;*3C-TDD--H'!![U.2((1=
M
$IBW.TC!)*(I!(#DPH_[4_'[0O$'%M3KVGL.#9.&L8)EAX!;Y#']301TKH;


+QQ:2LGLID@U27GIIQ^


MT+M93@JA.





@/6VV;*)
MR?)@%:Q%6Y@L%X$WY

M=ICC6@YTPV@WN?6N?ZK(;)25W$D&-$*


Q3;@Q3S$%-G7! U%%R



M?R0(J1(TPASC;


M5S\@#L.QS:R+

M-8T*[

13-H\O:-#M

U
M%M59L(P%-


\$!(!T


0-@ !



+NG@F50V'A4=(9Z1Q$@

M[0SB0=C[YVP]O8LC^*]J
EM_






Y+8 !#
M*4E=#39R)*NH5D$#[
N:!04D-++IL)OWYX^X^\V@Q;=3F5#(M.
$I%3UP JD
MZZ!H+2C)RHU9T
.SZH$

S/:=

M2ED\VDCUCJ3S7.8=@/-B93VV&/8QB#A3M*OJZC]O%U__MHEL6/Y(DL7U7Y)0

0D!CGJXIEQ2CUG=501(H=S39YY$




&RE4F2WW4N9

F6


H8'BO

$@IYE C5
MD&QQ


M 4Y/.WINL-.O[P2)E)=
\7B\=IY)[YPP]?0LW2TJD$'$ML?_=092*^.V-3




M.X\/%T'U:IDQ-GU@?(2X?)^?Q 6PN49Q8L_?\VR BL33N8K*#F;28@6E:&PJ

:G5 &6K02K(7$2NBP0D!8J^(?



QB7[@6AB$%FOY E'?5O#=]I2ML%YV
M43+VM].<E59)0Z,B9X!E@'++*H#:)S0($OF[2L#C5R?Z!#!<K&?+1
=*ARA


M 9EQAE#F&B@P*A8[DY.I[VS\C\7NMAO_H+&[)NY%G&F

ME@)=*+UE6U%EC[J]RMM**SC#J75QFT%P*+6$R@ 0_T1

MJY!L+$KBZ^16)S$[AYU7SQ\)P&&*$&52(WEYN(3JONC/U4W.2$.E(4^.?Q

MH






M(HG*RN






!


5N




?JT^1[GVW;


 K77!$F0RMILT1(<%\IT?M8-
MI
C@.X%*YIWVGIIX('#<



MQW[-KW5D_
&'VTO4KYVLAA0\!CWWUF


M&MI*R4HO! $-HXI *!VS./Y7.-FLME9DT:3S.TXCH$D.6D/08'
GIU(*=*^T:


EP

M:\58[;HRBONL;:HOZ\,!3I!;[0A**T#
YO-=H1UD!4LX+[C2E$./Z&F8
M4%G'HLYST8U&S^@'U0X6G\UGVQ^OG[T6/.- $81TQ(A3Q3=12% 09GL:'S

BC9
EJ)UA&!+1$)5
Y\%PX0)LMET&65U2P\]1QXUA
.@1R



&BB
1*.][G:16

M?*LF P-










*X4()[LC@_49H4%MQ?U
MT'IP1_ 
)/N3NL_AEX*
9WH
#);
*

[@P$4@O4(V
MC$T5'A

M7



/=R=%.%/SP5/M= &4&<%DHX+*$R]
M-EE*_+C\EEGX+[H;?@DI3KZ?)\6GSP5
((:6 POB)B--W/QA'7#IK&994[$W
M6TDG4KQ@^




M.2&M0/6V2@!0.(= _95_Z(%!PX

MS#M)\7:XTF-1*#[L:-+23J7V_!)6I_!


*$J4\C5TDB SQIRDG4EMGT7J8H@NL#36WTY?/II6X\@; 3NH
M.)


MG*9:]^IV66U6[X


;9(<4VFQI1(12*S0@*IZ&#*S;$J9NTVY4KQ@
M^ 6DV&TF;!\5.*LT@




D!T[

MI.S3N3]^\

GZOEK5Y,ADG:=WW
M%_DPW0^6?[8['<I)WA\

Q Q


M
\&\XZ6*GI_'GB(2/LJ3G$L2*?=+9\&IW33-!

M)1^5&CTDF7I L^2:]*C57; F'6T@&&650IY3Z^*C^,N .NYI+7BA6I1OP :
M=8KC\,I3OH(4I=801;GB0(2&T



MA92PF
HZ9$-S)






M*:&#M

<R[P25DE&Y=?G2'R<4P?TO
M!)%\;A(399SEG#H%6*T2$0)8UN&CY_H;0VJG: X#U.:@'7@G.4N$
11YC

MU]9!00V$7-.HWM!FNX
8EA)VFQ16EXAFT3DD)=3]5G6V



#^D
MV_Q%9\9KG&HF
 D0E1(8[G4S&!J&]U1,965B*X_T^= [MDR/;(F)0)MAO2

4JSRI@[ HW(0X9LNTM-QQDY/!?=W\X' (%5Q



DO9
X[?\-UV*K








MTI\-K



M#G]

MV1D)CTOH^7-!(

(PZ72$IZ;.[XWRVZG

M*9V2J!@51TLQE
PV:!HBLEQR/588Z-W^WQ=R19(;K=;+AZOUPW(ZOXU_J99?


MI6-6



*66ADHHQ&'5J8!%DC9D'Z7$EH7HQK+P8Z)$R=+?J
M]T?2O=\(GB-A())66T@94QQA4</'I,TRS_666NK%\+0+K$=*U?X(^A2J*!J$
MC$-20%(U
W;%$OAI87PCQ2;CZ^\VYI)O?3]636
36?M1Z$
ML(Q93962' '/J:
[MR)$629*\9=GYF4HCY283W8!-;]^;*&_K;SY1##*86.)





]X@C[4Q3%-.;2T((_..


2H'


R4H6$?Z87.YDS7

M- !I+CW.7I#!AF-.


M+XM9Q'9U

_15ECF#+'$QRF(J&:R67.E

5I
M



M D7 7-25(
!$ RN()S62#+H77&3U;(XLBL-8P.[[O*_[*X^?C$=ITTS QF*


M:K)Z6%;7[^8?JI1%=SJ_U9/5=/7G?/$YU;)YG#;W#^OXZ\7\*KZUF5//!WQR

MQ6F]L3_^FI3_H!)WUGL! (V]=P 0YQW#E#F$ZV%Z0L95
G)$4E_T!W(!+B5+

*.H!J(
+[PP^= #5*^?'V!29








CD





M4@J(\  V=
$L+_-5P8+@EXOG C1*A-TE=*LWTZ]5'/!Z
K^=?IY5F^3U*_WC







)DHXH;!5-*)HG78
M.T)H
;Z4OGVNL^7F9MYKR_DVD_Y8_6I-Y-B

M&
P2MQ\^7A
M\VIZ/9TL?[Q;[HO., ]W#[/(_J_5;@%MRHBIFWAJ5K/9I^5DOIH<K(S3V[<


1HUE .?5_AI#P:9L
M=;P




MGVO5M:;1KTT$*4F,F[BUD.%(T N&2 %]I%M4VY+/J\1'MUS\@5H
V'V-?E

G/U;K]6



QNGQDY%-U\F


PR]1$-KUU 56+2WW:VB7ES7A;/3U=5L

?Z/X8XBS=2:G_8W@G8<



@



ERTPK

MO+@(KE? @[$=E\8I_K'L)7F;QP8MSAQ/@Z
$:\ETPS9HB$9[F#VRMY+V^W


0HL0C@9)[;# ACFW2CNZ]S9


M?HFD&= 7JPUBV@D(G.#488XTK7OFHGH_JC-Q5R@?]\6V0J3/6 9'E;(&:\&$



M4-@A[8W%TK&HO=H:)Q/7Z5%M2N
B6U\@%R=CRIS5T2JVM^F '!%1ZZ(XZ@QQ

W/M\T% :



M



G



]X





MMK-%T](8U ZT0@$GZVU(Q*?XT1
73/8]'JPF-(X!$@25E?$4RJ1K!J7S4DWW

M*Y+^6'2!

;%+X7%
MQ?-MQ#-^__;QD2-\R&XSGOOCQDJAMH JIZ1%DC9*%E(H*^U;
01=IQ
M+(D$28CR:M=JF]H$3QS ICW68KDM3S:[W9O-E+/F\^/JH@<()O3HP*%EF/
M!(\RE\'$0I(*YAZ6**'$\\A(F8HSQ@,F3U](WS[49-C6'Q9_OZ^VVWM#UPE5
MX?B@P!T5FGJ<!&IMJ;7:JF;.



MT3+MDP U^QH5YFX1[ZV/[[?US;^ZUJEX.B9( 2A@% .
'
)6(V_$ 7SH*)MC

M%P0
H&:.&$65L! +I:U


M!%=1
/9



MT%?S]-#40

N=:?C;L;J6K(/

;+


&XD4Y8CY0CG!PL


M!KJ\(%AI!4@=FCB6'BB)/6P7+@S

%UJ\CI5 MHN)W[Y!?
@#I/X


2I




F1J5G5UX9#-Q_!
_


M3^TA(\)4Q#NSO-OK2JO;YH^]N*+3^ =U!0Q+K&0$L=-Q8@\+)LQJN?1^ZD$
M=TP!5P$N^6UQ\SE*^NOOC^$XRQLG1@6AL&)*84L(@$8H;@5NE@BPR5)Z)C.S
M3\D1XX%4(O B*DV+--OS!\/31P-P'C)J#%*4&B0$E9(TB^&99T!DYG*IZ3X






=;


\66M3

5K?W





M4.W)(PKCD/5H@:BK

M/!T3?

B(G'(FL11# N#E9'!(@2QZ?S-@S'E6&@%D
M6

M4PF5O0'YVWV)G)-U*

\O4E^TT3#$V5B7

)11(B
LHWRV!J!N
1(



:6EVTD(14$4Z0QS#=
M!\U

-995+F 9;0O58: 

-8R;UDKA?IH=YF5R3%4(;
MG^IC@E. !WY?[3:[Q=V;=532U]6_=RD0-TKI9PP7)T8%P*6B\=0BE@%/$)2

UH@Q

M7\Y5HQORVF]@YPK2@4U1 -N@1 -2%SC0CW:9BLY%,2VA-GFR&S/WBG!P;!
M.15






A+?(YO!KPV& %I
M_ LP[ZEB6GBE&KMK_ '.2X8!U\E2Y7#L;WE\O4O(U!^?3.3I/(\8'#N.#E9)

*V!ZK




M%(7A=1JY)T6N  O]$A'

M#A\3J/[2R.

MB!&65\SANNS*T\'U0/3IJOU$C7[OC7WA-7T8]HHH*3D5TCB'G9#62( \%)J?
MK_P]=:#RI6KZ.*^
 1?$H+Y<)6!FA('I7\HY0TZ<?9HN9

X1 Y+C+L










RR-


P\/6NQ












2P.BO9



(2




M(H.



M?O8?%G_K:A5)N;UO'-:'S\;Y0
#.$@P1E%H+ZHDT0K7 &2RR*J-



S[0QX^%*%
:
M0ZQ)EB3&? @:M'E0./L@J 7XT+M#/9G^;*YB-8(D^ZJROHB8D24LFI! XZ
MRC00SA
HFX4P)/ULO8YYY#ATT%@7#%UY^:BNP11AUH*7ZU2PG24A\?1VD.
M)[TF9T8% HVB@
4KT3I 
)! D6;6&+A2S::ZJ16YB-=3X5%W\P*/I+$$JT
MT)X3C#UQ!#52#X=:%^I5=&4W[Q (Y^ 'NX)8#FT5\DFV@OB!?-6_0 JIUO

WB@1U)&'Z3\
NLTMXH)!3FRV!ME&D
2

MS!9N?Q\\5Q :0I'@7DB-
-.XF8GP


$?_Q(
M4))JBR74QL%4S9=#JIKY6$NRJF:P%T_A 1 6D
GW46YG3%WM
X$ )JF@#$*+


MUJ4087GZ#@(AJNDZ-PL+F4)69R OT4TO^R^G7A#\\%(;3R/

$6










H4
LX0P 21@PJLF'DI&M33K

ME-8C(P*&BCC@K$-2I?0];V53$D
RX_*J.+TDS]BX 
Y91#T(#V]VV\UVL;K=



MBF:]^F
OX?Y31?


M6@EVYHT259+R




MN7

MYNQ(RF7\N5#@FAG\/G[


L0
///+E#+$$,J(]59%H==Z0T3+'@[*[
AOO2M
XAX5[US_CC8



MQQ!IW1ARL$ HJ]?+G&N9S-A^
#:QKGJ'O


M;R.-2)\Y;YQ9YJ@#9A7TU'$*@-)0 \::6'J
I


MFKN(S+O%=I(PF.Y?#X9 KH'$*?W+&:NA!8TQSQB*7EPIJ.)[8#):E&+_/\\O
M^L\^BT[]P


=!J8@# OCT\D/!9O#V_[.8+'N1CPG]=?#U=X:5C
MWPH80XRH@!9Q(P@0#@#42H)*EXIVF)B;1V*IZ3@\BQI7P-S3ZZ+/*SC28N$9
ML

I
U]=U\HY-G2O8#(=]


87\


LE=3/4D=F77SI4CMD&H+

M@OUR_* X!L(DH6OYLPD*8BDDA!8PB+ATCI
F?\UJ?[84T_/[97Y^N\OOE^F)

YMY:PF@#+W
RJR


^
ZX8LUV




M:957#A&&#711.8L21P
JY?!*:HAVYHT2M1GS

_
MY24,]QKQ2D'G"$HEZFA&MF:Z _)^C.+-%_4GIU+G7#]$YY/[\O6N_EY5
MC^P\9PON'QT30,1+4\2,UD!PY842M!%X@?99)6FOJU9I7X89&],+/.N5[LC


DWC*\



Y!1AF

M60;Q_!Q(

+NAPCR
:/O'[W^795@N=GNZY&KFYOU;G%WR9#[

]]1A
M\S^2)

V.D\F'CGT?5QR
M'@UN'QNKN8:OO]_&9:4/_5+5G]:+KY^7-XN[







MZMUFNJLWF('IMNMH2GAL77)30



8+%V4)21S%\?)!


8$.(H1Q YS#A#1#$&)%5.FRZ
M6-Q1=M

1+(S6PE&+ &\F/.
7-



N

M

5C=+Y7RQ *=:!\3V1*D]M\7JP_/2M9
MG'H\.


B?1I#K(5 !.G3S\



M
@F:95J%YYO&


G_YT304ID]X1

EOU

&D6:)#+HO]D-I]QZ3\Z.OWW


MGGTV.

M8

MOOVP^/M@NC])RL[C0VI2;)

ML1$JH(Y.4PQ&*.I!%
:%\H@CHDN%DFH3K+M#BCDG*YCJ8Q02O!&WD%0BQ7

1A)#8 (
M&B)200$%O



$Y?*XE3=$%GTOR.C4L*&:PI))0Y0&@(M4G



MM0HTY?J-
WF9N!

MD)(!H.];H!R6I^!\R]4/I-9/54#&!>C%\





:,\U1(9YV%XK$KA!=+.7+8CPU]/

'S:)(Y'05'0:6D
N00<CK*([BI$FM)%#7+1
C
R#(R
M$*%R^4:/)]HU]^CG


@2MN_K;[?+;:?GJ\3



-_=Q8M1KZN_JO5IL\[/
M#X;4B\9QK80WRG.J(^^A=H$NKYS49*7WQMUW@]$HXAYKRJVX?^_V)J;MYU0[


MRH%8XI _


 (8(

<F ZD,LK #2[$5$JYQCH692.2
4I
MH99@08A#E*52U8U6R@&=KV V#G5.5J?+ ^=J:3T[
6H&)

HRI@]8(ZJ5$#D+_8%:'2&3U]RI4@+ O)88L
MO
 ^&K]C:Y3F4A-J@0#145&&#/G6W:@


M06.YATA:9I27NO4$P*A=SU:L'85VO3IRYD'U8CEC;D+P_!ABL*-RA'93U!G#
MXYHM(M@ZQJ






:*04E_$H

?H (EFF*=:





[

M'XPZ&[6Z/4#6R:#6ZSW!Q.O6N(9-5 XRJA[N&ZQ-5G+;P^D^N4H%TNK&62


-Z/QXX.2Y@#9R5*OZE-<+.RE(*W!SG=?*
M^_KLIF.E!'!\4@_

M^621^KK

M[F




M64RT)AQK?EBF

V%(S%3/L_M^G^CX'K6LGDZ9A L8B'


M!!P)*%N6\S+K]IS




M67EJ*# ESO-NA/YA$3CEV6A(K 
1$RR@$J99A 1J'I4@IZ3N #1*7='WD_OY
MMG_4Z?K);+HUVJU.1=PD_&V@*..3[BG0GA$.(RWE  -)%#*K$M\=UJ4@:9



IQ33&/.B+U6&GU('%X2K*B#4IZI+
I


MV%UHFW5[%O9UY:K&$V$T:/<^LBLE*^OYC?QD0 &&.: (@ :)A
W1\Z^GZNR
M=



G#DE!7:V=3K#C(6'M&8IL5\3)9&8))&6(X



MV=MTZKZMEO=\%O_PE+WBC^Z+5KK5-IYQ1QRZSSP5L.6&(R\(MAY+9[0G\H F

:;%IAFNL (
M/#L7[2#
ZU%1F#WQYN)HO0C-BJL.;Z-&L]JF0
[%ZOO9C

M%XR72CF!I7':$B]]LT2J1%9TQ.AN@=&(/!X2!8C]NE[ET?OTP.D\AP@) &B
M#D6T&W!DX9FU20=W7

-#6(
MX$!H( @41'FAFM

QTMO'GG(H]%]7#2*V/H.XO^;CZU*T%2K4W]N]M523YK[
MS@\/1$:=PF!C&0H HHQ;Q=-)I4V*NKQ:^
:CT^;@689=^C?M.!+7Y\
$BK



@! 1IBR@$#K)2\%9BU
MU%D&^\FN\8]%
:#I:$]W K'1H5O%WL^\UWE_'.O%(*BG@RFD9%2B-K2+$

M*.&(7=?QKMI^?WNWB(M=W29=]&NR:IT6]TX-BTQ+DZ-*
BL(P1 00'C+M S/

C@7D1A59D=11CB40FGDCMY!W&\TKE




B


MP9)X/2)@

M+U:/E
ESY
U[44@KLAXJ,-H)[E#!JAF;5;IK!*2$ZMQ@^Z0R2$JIK?U=0#
M4UK0E*$.$^\J*:W3[64H\YPPD_7H'-47WW/I!6CVZW+Q9[QQDB$H\MO/F78=
M BZZOB(@I;R30 

M#03WR#OH4*/U$D[=O

MN[XJ0
\ \=PJ:RV/?P-O&NV80 7F%;XY!E&/V/0G JRLFM+54Z.Q8+20FR




(-5 QSN?1D&!MBF+7WGA(S=LX-3P
M$ ]%JY4T0#,-E$#.0MHLVH.\IEB3F;&G%S+& .DBDHOQ21P1@23SD D%=12

FU(]R(K





6UN(I^&YTQ/]:[(0^%V1.O.-%Z]-N8G&;EPW,&]]N@
MBL*X=(X]H]XBH6@*5+]?$@!Y94F[[?1F1 =^FWT0Z  4<?OMR$%B+J@<4 
M1;1P5BK72B38DQPB3]]O(Y?(XR%1Q.X_3;\-)1U6'DL.K2&28HB];18*05[6
MUO3]-G))/BH8!:@^7;\-H^+J),+0.61MD;'_QV6:JC*LK%-WV\CE^[CHE'$


MR3T+8?(2W#

6Z: DD((
M3*.NS=ISFS@Z#ZVR!#E_TC_'1:X$HZSKFZJZW?B(V_M%
FKVX92S@P
F-$(6


$

/SY_'4=C/+/C,
MMN_WLJ A\I*ZU(I/H.P5%BU5YOG68? 9 E3A0^!2:$L*&\^6<?^+NO&6)EO

6&
M:*JLA\RWUZQZR+Z91R)704Z:#
/+







[U
@UPX0_ 4&I/

#$EU!SL((;99=_.J1_$+

LN)^^IV=QN

-P0RU)77DH/=



04*M3]5;='M)[J?):#1;;EHIDN)3$ZVIB
M\R%:[BD+_28=CC6VV?_MOA\JJL8?=DKZ8\33W=TU&0(U^ V102):?]$C95P:

-Z2A0/
M@^)B35NJRJVBQE(JHS^E) 
^1MNUS@B7P3)8HOQOQ4N=L\%&;/O.I




ZN7Y:'#^81(P%VMJ3HP?JX\5A'IY
VJ(9?S:.E0AIV3(I/!
M3]R]'SV3)\C[^=D_*FB+A4-$04$E\IP(CER[:D[HO&+RT_)S4F0R
ND6M[);
MP?

]J95


@TEY.C4V%6RF

SZD
^RI-:
MW;8_'J0N_L]9-N=



MZ;E(:82DB :A

.F<'08UO?+VYT?[.Z77Z-YN/
BSK+]S
@@



M


M!$85A.-CDP[4;[:/F[CZ3\UVNS\%2Q?OWY;+#?I'[L*G2G@W&?!#9LH8.X
MP 0[$'U4HBB&72Q*2IFW713K3S.UL!3%:KC=MR?OM[B%I8*^J8C8]L?OS?9+
M*FN8^@[O/=5CM&'U^83E-WRBP(&%PBMJL#(


MFKB_;=FLQ/X^)[=


FIW)QAGG/OC0X$HPA'UF!+)'71V
MUU3@0(!S



#$U
3(S


M/_WV^0W\C-Z^_=/_^
?_\O?_WYLW_ROZ]
Z(R_7N


7U7

MOW&LG[_7FS\9Q

 Q_:7\[?K3.3WV0/-;ZY7_]




MSIHZSNOUMJQW50;OZJ9*U\TJL$QLV\A/_


M?Q5B\F6+E&O-+=(1O*6Q2EGU[_G1ZPBKM5%6FZPB

M
'AJWAPU*HVE)O&MG.*=[A@D#I]B3ZPSWQ)UB @_?ZQW[(]Z'@81#!,@ /

(U6KQ+5-&1

OHPUH\



J^O


B1 NY?EM'V!



M-2A2$D
0K)SBIHIS-HV;@6X^J5/#M!;-8^/N@O0I)G\9JC:J5+KZM2#^/R
M


M2/@)4&AC9U1:



TC(%[U5+X*!M!YQ
MV)I'E6X

ME#&@
L[T.
[#*6)DLJF5?A[Y-(J50N/W#NK4ITQ.T75!I.3H788T2?KP\FB(


M=K$W  E#*Y2:^

MYPI&



MC^6N:(;OLKK)']M$R/VNH0=XZ=
VV6:W;E
B1EKE-8TCVA+T_?QN^VP49=%_
MB-9JS#H.:R




M'SY6!55(&Z$*Q*C%=G
URSZ-*AT2Q2-.0@0O5*/$?+DF51(




M2B
U-CGY%:& //4N:[YE63&:[_9GT-0T_4FW.X-N^4C75
NS=CF!6J7[4YZJ
MO%CG3]NL[O^


N;@J@P46&RFJ*^=1;7&T/=F5;GF_!
M('!M-X8)2A+D10
L/T!



PH2.G:R/H#SO641AAIE2&0G.:1ZY#4

:FTIWO7@L(Z+G*\HQ7$UJ(*MTIE3+#!1+C%D34+W
M2BS5P=@U5S&6\P58NL7[;_EV2P99
IE+Z^P ? NT7ZS?7PK4F3B 7F5?J6JH

 0^VY@Q2ZD-1G
! 38]
9DFF_YD9[[)3D 
/6P'^*F21[6

MD[B!'9M@7ZWDEC^&B,.8US1L&A!Q^)R1D5MQGQ\NHCSJI52)?1G'Q8C@

D5Z5VK ?C60F]W!S9GN4 :
91.-:#03#T1
\3


0);60Y_@CA3:0%[5
MQ&UKEKDD_TX7DN5

V$NY:8XKPLNW%9I4:?M[M._IGE1KWS3CSP_QHD?!DD(+!!98]K(L7$@
M/]=1 $+WI$=]@1C%C2 S%YJ8?U6#]ZD:
@? C1;Y$B9'U_GEGB4I;+(E3Y=4
MNLDT;U+.J^1E;V6YH1OMR0SN+8FIBB\YB5W& TQ'WZ^0F_A!G'AQZ$#H63&$

MV))U6XN_;'?6:6-:3LGCK
<!OB4HYP$<;F44H7K)RB?D#Y.RB3
E
MGL1_N:TXB&V/_




BG/Y9U
MWE;068$ .

'XX&)/0<!\O8N@&6GI(?
M
&#?L25G+Q*6-4]@Z/7PDTQ?9
@7GL%
Q+NJ9!AMC-_OGHU#R/]'97)
JA6D
MIS
3M8;JI)EXJTA
;



MLPXN*B]




M



F-AR\UD1BS/
;0^6#(S?*5*CA2H]A14B7'0ZJYMK



MI9*7AG

2Y/U8 N!ABAW2V.'8M%+NV






M-MF?X_!M%

MY9C797ZN+E-($[L
C5/ES

MI=B!.#$'+2360J;B+6)/UJQ'2!$ 5W?FZ^J



M([W6=6/0:[#;9]7]/;#YU\SXI]WVV;!N# (UD+M[]16!)V1:CNCYW))8]5

M*N
Q_2/K+O



MDCVV?*-^XOC4E9\S?74

SA;3/LU'G




MB*W(TUS8-(OGZ:(5HUM#^8K!

R
O#.J;T3EG4.]N#.*?01RDD[761:ZK

M4572V(VQ3@OR 8



M6



@R?DW)A^8L?RC*^Z6
KNZF7$B*5[N;
M5XN1:N%50C'Z5_\D&JIIM]^R[=?L5R)V#_4*F&X2@P!'CNV%9@P0\KT!%7E9









M3UJX*=2K



61&7P B:T*PP
M RHCZV'Q*8LH;VS2

#U


OQ08.QX(0Q!$




9'E0D!
HMY0B.T86MA&%HP2$NLXMC_.N!*0V
)BPFI@3C'A7)@2H8];
M3'3P)B$FT?QB$O&(2]]BQ,3;@?.BXD8%RQW;6/Q]_7#[1V/SWA\?DA)6]4

?\^
(C]*U3V%


<-Y X27-@FN

:UKW8
+H0M63UF5
MEQNB6E7#&EI






M;%U^*=JGM
ZL(HA=)[9

MZ;43ED.UYZT#

(6!9 @3=8CQW76179%UJ?[99]D%-EFDG-PD[-7J%D

M#T9J+XB\ZL99AE8K]ZK4^TJS;T0^$/OFG-A_K
IUEFUJRLOGK&FV[:Z1\C +


X'CYOY\U*R'*P/4
MHX6V*OO6[:6VKN ^[XE;F64#M4*&S^RVGJ
-Y]^:/8O7Y;P]1W%(T%U^6A:7

MHXMNZ'?]CMTSZ4_.'78\%+*E.#6QQYG%)
0=W5CSP^QUWM-W(5
IP/$RDI$B



E.E$()$CXE/(EHK:6!1%%(SV8K!TLH.2C



84+3)_&F
2+\MIWW.!LRB?LJ=^I\SKC=@K

L6I;G'_--UFQJ;OR


M1)WHU2


MJ)6%7! YT''
.'(\)[(P\GR7:;.X C.:EWP(



M)V%O+@XA#.74AM'(+'HC=..N.(^BFJ.!0A6J




)'1CC'T800N-NA9Y-O==
_E5R])N:94D0N2'_D_#AW(Y8D

M@*YMAQX(4)R8L1] ?[ '/

M2%.Y$-V1]^.E[BABYIKNK+OYX.JOT2KR

M.
ZC*W23<K71UE(8.NCBOWGZZ




4#BFF3!(
'^U/%%+FI6I+^#6
MH3
.X GNH9&DE4V?IF.43Z(DR-18 N\

M2L^9]1//CU!B^XX9.  GP ;CNGEB6O[J:U;=E5RR)6..IY\=(N/L;GN(JN1+
MBF



M#+-D$D?O+[SP_ PMXR47P%W*OAL+W/?71P$W,1B04%V'L19T]MW%

M9\9':G^A9TE('3!P[:7FY&E!KS4O\E
OMI#W'-=BYX^[Q]Y&XD5!A$P/QX$=


M!#HPG+ QPVC&BCA5


M?BGR?\\V!$4%=E]WM1=)?:7MUL/-?R$A;+K0MRW- Z,$A,8![6&!*NEJ
M 3!U1NG2Z?1J
])2NZY 0EX8NP

#2!V!NN08RJ-



M/OKPH5D0.($C.)/!!#'-KN@ PE-M=6^RGP:$Y
C*B

5_\43LI6&=%
^W(H* )
M+@P
4S;P
L:%23TNY^M.G+?89?=95;6#%:SKK*D_/!$
=(2BMVX?W8'2%RE=

M)HYK_/TIK[KS5*T2V0%P/#.T_00B8&/?




MVIF?OP*)7O?*B=Y@R6@7I4]YDVY?C;@KVW3MR+(2'/@@\)
@B$-GL&\ABZNL




57=


M&0W7-*'#.DK

HC3N^VV

O M983Q5Y5?B_H9$


.GIVV^IM.4/OU[E/U=

M#AB#!T;G ONJC][6NKZ4MYB&4C2D_'AMQ+X$MYBV$EMKT]EF+$M

O2=64N:


0Q\Y 3#-
M


%4S+*)TJ+(Y,]?IN25+$039)<EBCL
M@EG BU5U





M4
T-! !/3]CW/]S #!
/
MP=&0Y2?

H7
M3TUB[;P)IHOIG.S-75IG&V--YFU947=9IBK;MJ=HF]) V[2NC8C^_I'\IFX3



M-!
3N:-(8PMPWFDT'2[MDOKVM9QN#OPY$-0;HR#R2^N#I-]EQ%5K
XIH\%+:


MX

V(]BOFA4K6WM
TR=#4M@&?<48@&_OB93WX4L\\F3_/1SB=? TZC!VIT2&E V&$U

A[1/Z?


M$GH/%I%*.






*DIHWF$
MR/%A:'IF8&
7(:+ZV'+0@
BR

MJ
MNC7U$J5=DZ=R&4X)=B73:O0=+;:T@@DYBF3XXV&AEXCA8-663;J62






M_KY^H4[Z C5G3,?.B1 K1G@68[E(L_T73C8BSS ? 6=G)6)QI+L %]?)4-J
MG?1Z3-S-S5$S3]I4^1'J?H5XNP8T5F#D6D%5NB'V#9];



:[O


MD^@8.6%/=O#3N
B$AX ;EY

JR0); @$P@



ZP:\1ME=)::9^?'^_*[0H'


MH$=EM+ 
@HLW!N FC34(T


NB9OX^+P3Z1$1#PFZ='?\RJO-S@8A.G3;928(CFN9$


3X6HXZ.(_(1,R3/#H19+7ZW3[O[.T2LA/ZI5-8@T$/ B.+&Q$[IQ
M' V6@@0RW94F\_RI-*/#95!@1HN

G- 4-J![CU&'ZVBLY9_5B--W750F88Y/4X1(
M4Z IYZ@X(RG2S
VO*/(NE K?)'8]@42X-JUX;=

MQ%W*O@^\*Y])OLTJ1-3C2UD]KPTL1DBB(#EH\*?2N
Q_55 ##?NB??LZ=9
M]6PQ&0
HWB5/3K98%SSU$26TW






HU44
MW9L_*#QCP&=T 'E52IA-5H&:@D@A;1+@4)DJG2'EHB#)$KD4+9+VXY4
J6&&


#A[W






ML



M?/

/
M1^'P8!]X3
MX'(_3K)J__?SY9S;QXZ'@LI9I\IY/FGY[__86Q\;G6WB+/\LL




M@N@.J)
W];BFB4(GIH5G'!!;($(X&4P[
N5 TT?0L
$@ #;
ML1FX\?!PS_&Y=B(P/E*S2-V63;HUTA8+GSZQ4L*F0!K8X-




MGZY]Q8




RA0@1




_ *CBP:IN]53,)/6 !+W%@&(1)D@0!'*R&0<0S+$C;FF!8\(ZZ
M$WC1G6Q33+KD668:%B8EF']86JW7


MO]0K\Z14_VYQ2/Q!WNEP4+%[BY;K.28(+0L[9F#95F3%]F#1=4S
+/&2=G1+




73_TW




M_7R#Q _&//L 
F






J19$_=E


M^B_&;@^QC6B

MC9]ZK'^^


M90<DH',]$XR!7!#Y?%$6SX,U:V%WN^7V:&YG_)07Z^UN0Q?ANU79QF@O%T+

MBKAL
W!!;<38$!&=
M]\31WICMHRA,+L)33NR< 1=?RB\$5AF[*Z^9M5=*2(Y'$9X^LHA'JF 15Q=

EI#/X^Q'9+4IL]58R(\#M\C1'Q(D+LB/,:ORT+V9'TBWW53I
M?5.O;


M+V-L(J.1*CYQ:7?+[Y%
JQ_'+%S0#4&ZEJ$7HN!+):\
YVU^#V00-4H*JNJ
M_$8&F7KE(,_U 41.&#3MV


:G*.(LLLG*) 3R:4O'



M$'D.\%V?5MZ-X-YD0N9MS%7190WICF?:7@3;C7O=UY&Q;D$:-47)4:E;FM++
M$C4YFWP:=8K(#E\O60*USZ49Y2A\/B6S@E7/I1EFJGA^A8@3 J^4O_GKEZAS
MI=3P?O%%H:VU?DAY-U8FB (7.F3VBQ(

M7IY$D#^V8%

^U=H7+Y/1/*2-D:7K
MAZ-I2/?+AW)+5
C(:X








M4Z7K9@7LP#1=!%S'15'BX]@-0A1[=N@A


&6S+D
E)O6XG*\3\=QZVU1ENXDG_YK!

MD3

ZB9?
MKP*(:(WK
'9\Z 2)[:
@(5 0CF

MV.[ALZN:.KZO#QRS4
TW= P0#8+1. #9EMW?5Z0=D
[!
_OX
0O?HB/($_EM

R=F:$44[X_&.


/
LQDRX\Q.GC6


83;(XXA1(PMGA&$J&):UUE3

_!%?U70-YRI%^%
R=47QE'

P$^Z$9!UZ


FSYF
M*L*JT-R42R)%6;Q1.O.0I9HK5S45RQ*IJ@YBGR_9PY1;Y%B6A/-1732M9!

M

MK6?EE[6)\N!O=X/W \WFK8#PPZJGA?U



M63KB\MG#/&:6




<;\-(*

XU(=T
M_[%Z7]Q5V;\/)&M^WV2/K7)#RT6F%YG8(OIM&IY%?ST&*N92*9=C2K9 ^-









XQ
M$R+#(%\YB1

M



M19X.AN@!!V8^.

ML\8@W
A


M =N%\9)-:-:A%X.GZ*%QO
(EP=WUM&XFVB3D9D ED//)4
?Q4-D\%(KE@Q^R


:/)8I\AEF.R2#ZE

_TC=M
MWAR+Z%J




^5\?/'=L;LE


ME^FXN/*NB

!)T


+9T[

MX^L^V[A1$EJ193L)M'WZBG9@#Z4/U[
@4_5-^



Z(5QV%]U[WLA#.)-D36R2LC1'-/8#+NQ.2!C'IX=




X/ZD!K*L7VAG


MY*]% =4:]4;W-' FJG9_9


AT1J'%IL-3?E72H.8B




-)QEM.'A)J3VIQO'0B%TS3)H.%XH17Y
MT5!:]7S#9'HM5'6;FG7\!5\O 
4+&AQ@1'N\2:]]A?LR^E*F;^^BV$ITOF$


MV8;M8\






!-X8=BI=\(Z1J(&NUX_


MF1?-/TCG/%3# ^Q^Z$C@H85H !%@1F;L36T&(4(H03H79FC+E'?@G!0B^
M=0CEU$R,5:YXH9U0\3#Q\0ZTV, _EN-2*!HYU0^#O!SRRG]ISBXKOA2S*U*




'&#$?%FUV
=K


R$J2L[SRAI0
M*NLH/#OU2!O',Q!].XZ-DC&*$2.&T8!#

M!(^2KG[2U+
[EF1H6;ZC2^(O5740]FZ.'O(B?=

MAU-H


0MJO:_0RC/


.Y'AFL:1C@<KC<=[+IL'9;O

UK
;_/R
MFBN N93Q


=[Z?K
F,%H1_Z*(&QZ26F902!Z8VY# $B?OQ$L$'M%<P7IR@(R/YBH;Z21H&
M%JG4J111MB_/

=63O-V0;R4TKX.15-KTL5#+4KX$M*^+UG3
M=





MCZQ05U59=DE4E;+'JJA_%H?ZD.X_5N^+NRK[]X&H.$V.Z:5#[7OC&QS%ON_;
MD1\G
39CG%C&*.1.@)Q-T1XGVGUE3U.EVV0:NF$W=-_ 8Q[&/4S2T\ 1:#MY

LKUK4\!I?%R10&=7KT#UUYI2:NJ02A?LC

?5MJQY-HX/5?F4


8()2);GR#2RS'$3S!)LBVT


ANT_WN'W&!)+.


M=%'LNJ%A8A@:1N![5A(/'V\D#M
+
]P?JKL&UO?G#@W'6.=CYOI UT8*WRAG

MQ

U'IUA5Z/=R7Y


M9?5'V61U?

M)KL!W25-LLSQ(0VW_[?!!QX[- !Y[? _1^@,PT%H#=(6M5C*/0K91VAB6%


'[W
MQA-R\4RA2X3BVC*NT1/?_OP2=S&.N@9!\DW($_#ZL7;#
=@XXQ\SV=?CH'J_


M&8[-)8D?\AV:%&Y&^R2-(J.WX_70;KHQG;;HYJUEG^/H0D%;FM9U5+7ES2@5
<ET$I;%C[
M0*-R=S.$O[R'NCIQIMI-'R7UO1VX^X'ORPY B_1R3PFE?ADC:-4C6$7QZU

4.:2^V?(Q#







-&
M




PPT8$

SG$UV&

M]6R0CO9U+[H. $D&];=WY:'YA29=_=XT64U5P+ZHL
Y+O IU/7JBA_QBN;
#
MO;3 7F652V75^6BM4JO0PJMZJYI-B3V(997E]P4Z5%56;)_Q#Q('BON
'@M$
M[5?U9 .0$[G8=Z%O)3$T81B%+G('4&:$7=X#MEK!Z#^)TJ$%60\3--2K^VXY

M9O

B#+2SP8!1'/

MOK1)/=M:M/$ZAQ=D4:$#UJ&(*@TJM75641W\/6T.5=[D6?WQCG;)KZ1'4C!M
M%YS 
&V2+WDQ

!1PB




  6%EH-+KB^+VTY]L6E


:__N0
M/]%A


MG\\R$WF_J1M
MPS!1$OHPC%$8=(V;H6_[/FN*HJ@U?6-W!-B.VB-$

H)L$MN63.2I]




TIB8V@%FF;
=W26[[
UYS23$=[%

A-_)C







MXT''[!'


MM]%:JJ'YU&D )S@%DZ.35YTT
RFL3NPD:E:GMP0QJ9
$KVM3)QE3SJJ3-#^L


A)P( ^K)7/Z^
M 





L+0MM%MF7 (#1


K]+-1#O(N8*N.-Y<'H6#L7J;J)<
MLCWV?
[P


%7)(;%C&GSY5N'ZP^?[<2NE


MR!?6G1%$

MF46?6S&
W_/]GO01\D5?QPA@#!/+#R*


)2 )
G@F=.GVQ_)!3KN%Y7R]FR-PPOC8CN6[M/VZ!6 -
MC088(QA!TP@]
!3PSA9:K9)R+(NI87$' 4&A

M-6G4#/I&?2.( ;LT?UNOH-BQQ^VD_C8IB/4RAH:H8PX$R'D?5R&)F!F%Q)
M
\P4!N8DES\

M]G+JMS#ZU4


W0=
M$N&1-;088

M5R=]]


1V59U0!E]

!-1MN;M@7:'1R)+8:P\<5
MR[K+*QO/++*(
K'\BHHP\E*^'XCE?*A\O


B*/2\Q




M


M6E_K#*(D
3TOMJ!IX##!?NP

PRA.?)0$=AC#V!M%S^';

P-G?(+SEJZ%JG:GF;F@-9)4KD-H9(TX=[Y.

B
1#.:I88@




CP9%O^V9H)DF
MAA



MQHK0!EC*58O6YQUV($BBF:I
M&NP;0BX58







MNML
E/$F6P-;V_D.4/-I64X23+7H3+25KRYITT%*RS3L3C/ZFS??SS$=N9
M,/$=@P;6J[EC8M^H1$Q;=WA_E#=&W=:+.PS$#YKL_&M''!)Q$=#($9&1\?
M['

S$[)^^;F9&.Q2TNM\6=.7[4.V.^RSCW=?JW27
M%_=?LNVARAO2

M^O&7'7Z^#$VCC]ARN'6XAT_
M!3T#_J+@08M^YG10F.4+:-^SZTCI9S!SG+N


M
2\
 !




U 794L3P.G1+E3&EEE[(N?FJ

F?6:VBN
MX2 8!($;.B@R'-\*@W<SB<FUXWCLP#2G
T.-KR2[?+NM::/A;**7C
GI_#S


MRV(#H] V863Y)

G'6H-%-:YD<Z#3QQ/7Z
MFOD4D^2O6?6XP0D.+== EN_ P'/)K


++=H1+1HCK;


MA=V %MS+E7?1I2P!/GD7IO12

M^^*Z6%I;[VY!%=AEJI!W-K5:AG(^!1O8[DV%Y 1F,,.T;SH3HY2J$L(&S.#
M%\1.O1?6(8 :[IU]U^.VVM'0:X_9:3K%DUZGWV\F_SX2YNR[#:A[=BF02:M


MZ_PNSW8)(05NM]TE





MIEA+.$$X;OPD_(M

MO2_R)D_W^


M?E

M6A-I^GK
$&I8G=[(L+&@Y=N$=!?&84+F
ZYE&P




(SL*$$^


M[8C%M^B)_


#;T# 


M$33




R<VH5ZLUF3I)P?:KRLOJ2



I @1L$
MB1':
0[#P# -?S0J





IXAO08IY7



NEDE=^



M+)O_.?I98
T59LCDFMKS*_F


=E/M/Z7


;P
M%?MG\B%;F7!][A-/)@0\)S'74U-=5

+0@WZ00



3F7
K/!U.X;<+2<?LKT[]]\8COIH02L:+8SHZ.99DQK['CK
M
0KY^CLS&V5: 5#_A]E\2VKFVS7 H/;)O^6-\^O0!@)-A/?QP9]0AN[L8VA

%U13GN;
M6N&E/^A6@T7CKQI?\0;.V=TD'O%&J%W4 @/8%44G%C:9PHI2MZPM'J@U[JR0

M8LX


2Z88TIQ8=/M !;&M_

M%L[$(&7D+1]
R#<_TH.DA:$1X^.#0

M;X=C!XY3!6H9Q[S
(B9\U#C$ ]]8YS_%PJ=DASN@ZU4F#'ZS*'(F98:APD


X+L (#(].
[AHC/8+@5DY!N)9]@H


]-5^%;=9%6GC\6FL*($

M[:6B'&'^3]D5?S4^$%W\GYU^%?L COXX
?GZBR('/?3%]P:P\

]JL!PRR



614].*K
MPSX%30GJCH
:5%E! ESW;P:-J
'N4-';^(\7[]^ [P_Y]@'D-=BF^VU?9DMK
M1IV1.U*NR;=G2FI+]Z3EZVN+










Z%6

8L.9)
M._7=[*#'5Y?%=^5NFJEB('4897$/JSBKN;BGE1SAO*,.'J]JF$P+KY_;?#H:
M-L]=B*

M[AS



M*4[[:B51PJ3KPB?+E\2FF4=Z85O].=N6]T7^7]GN?1&EY.?;[
M#EC7PMFZJ
M=-ML




M^


MT]M]UJY.E*VH#X*^/X+F4_4Y7

E


M2#3.
]2G.'EJ+0
Z#0^ARQ$OK*]S

MY9E3

8.HP0F
UZ7+1^Y9[;WXL%5_4RK/(DV[C+V4&0C.XCMP(]M*PR-& TOEZ#$B&S)4ZKB
M#6N.S+I/IK$3+%J&G(E;%1'TY$FU%1V@.$\E5Q%2@4?66H)489K 839!_I2^
MIN$FH16ZV$2.!Q$V?-,?=G$A'V%/3B#YV].LBY^J\I]=L2Q7/.S/J#!2/5:
M!Z6$12(/:'Q)9&LG+KY8Y-$ENTG,/*L*
@

QU3''=F.\1-''VG3

JOO-SQS%E+@*:6J]

M2/*XJ4HH7+&*_^SI5_I/3M3VYJS

1


M8$ ;/H:W+OYJC0#4M:


MD
XS8L^-D1$

GRV-NW69.59V=;)*K]B_UD<
8;K8<$QS+/_XEL?UZ)Y&&)IU



MI@ 2(.E
-;
MQ$.=5V

M'4JDQI5

XJ_4!+^V*8E+Z%*RA?&




57\DJ\R-7V(8ELZG\?T\-C?2PUS3ZF^SV_4RPO

4NKC&B)G.T2A(_
X*HB7BBC*\C+N?RN:EJ7GR/4NY1K[(9R

MA2Z7




MC:=---;@3'9$.]T;?9Z@KO7:1H,ZR8RNPZ%FN[&BU!.2_BA4@O'\3)#SVY
MLQS?-L













M8YQFAR2+F:
L&
@?$EY9G'TMCP\/^_2E[$''ST;6C2@$'L,26!WP1FU7*$G
M[#68U:Q,/;15R-3A-5K XB5/J@D?EK%N983M;=IGE9MIIIZ\9JS!9M@7.69
MXJ80J3^3X^A



 ;8I]3RO0K.:Q;!%VBNT.B%N7I.2DTF5
$NW_$<

MU'


NS38!LFXEU1##T.IDV+;3YEA0WN? [9DIL

U](H)X_R\RJEBC]#\UN@@]J/F]4BB


U3_W
7U&ME47I 7V^3+[2'/](RPT-^.WWOAD$


MZ#G$:NP1#%Q32D]&6YE)4RZ

2

M/I


MX'X]F]36-WU-:)Z1:R_=G6'=$]@L#$BLNN9I#153V.#IN.:X:G5([K4%H@4]



9<^7-_%
M1?+I]N_L)UF9[]






M%NO9R
BBQ$0!


MTZNXD B-M6?TQF7GA(E?AR J\40\:R;)COA=G?4U_9]NS]\ESGO9)O0!!
RZ

=%;A'8Y!9S&
MLJ8;0

MJT563I0N1?2*2=C\S


M2K9RHX6RD+(\YV*P!&
LFH)O&VQR$C*%1#$QF8D_.5EY
M2ET+:R&).<_0@-@HH'4=LJ/D5QYEY.O:#VR$7R=WQZ^QT5RR00P^YJRN1V7

TU)F;1]GX

MY7)8UN:F44[



M;[XEQ4T^N996W*#

.MCDQAM976





M3&(Y-C6M@



\76AO?A22RJ0\Q((@$!-F@D_D(FYY

N+XP3NFH(CKLF


MW_



MH9;4B;/11K3'2KOFI!0;2PPP6YCP/

M59J%4CE1JB ]EZ1%3IV=(V= D2;SN0Y!FNY&KKB?25XO%6_3?7IXI/N\/-FR


M%L6$9@;ZY)1F#&^:GN][C9D!L9E(Y3K49JH3+Q[B4\)2)4?_EHD];7B;%G!
M+^CDFW7EEZ2X+ZODDH6P!6TG'P4$60C_AQ




+*ZE00R0Z%GM!68T2S\S] 9


MB1%7/)T$C=


M

7TV.M_]]3 OV[_KY9.-COB_9;]$\+TK&


MD



?Z8'?MUA:&S\BO@-=RZ/$M_CZ

N

MYSQ' _JC@-AUZ) *1W+EG4[Z:=SJ4$7$O O2;TEY2 _'@EF^S-@@9_^\S/XK
M3[/#/UB


M^


S\G\3[]5[([+1VM'S(RWB_P0$&IAE1;,&0AL0'+D;=7$9]J6!=N?%9
M\@W[=J6\:V#QKY_$ZG(ANOHF$(O1%V5?;L:IH1HU5N,$]L)HX1K/LA@MZ)D?
M Y6D=!2U]8ZZPC5];GW_

ME:7.ZJQYX79+YMP(EMSG4LB]?#9X/MJGY(''
ZX] 3Q(H&#J5TTCK$
I-?@U
*5ZT)<:EC-6WB$CR6):H
UED;7POGT[6
MYUH^0W^5?-L[_H%W_SPV




M#$C3=$;7H4D*_






ML




XRH2A#JWF^X9A^O66@NM=[C(+!
GBL' @HP^NCB'@TTK
MC

MM!40)3.#KK\I5S-C=AV$^[C ]*BEJ=Z:#I?M'RN:_A8FXK7I;@UMHWUE61\C
MN
SX(?2J9KMZTN++79S5-3CE[WEU

[)@Z!9=K0

M29'F OY1V\?4M!QHV9Y)4(0A:@
OYJT?K2


W^=JBDC=A
MR\P3?0^%IXL*=5G'&$RXF9@_5

=@Y_LHC2+LVT:[Z\/;'*OH-57#6(0F-C&$;*H
M2R


MLUC



ZI;+



'$?8]V_(BCX0LG
%6$'1+
M.0\J8=;U5C4+3L,G1%G.V/+OTA..533VK8%4PYS4ZL9*JIY;3ZH@?QPH@/
M1HMRB6
Y0LP-99:4
K\.25/LT_-

MDF&7&H(%P[#9F94




MLM:!D

M!3.?2DW.E.-
[T_0T;[]%$799#.!.[ <TVJ, @)4
FJ(E/:%R0M$G[M

#.5\GN=)Q:;VV9K?







2FW1* 'Q$;3-P7 O;G@]=*VIO' 5F
MZ$A=0##1U






)!JP1H7VPNCP&D_:IT-\L8(%UD2V







M

M%1P7GM0 K\RB

M#4) YJAXD8#S[UST(M



O0DRD.Y
%%UU5OD_?6

MTL.!&8JLPW39GF6M-CY TT;YV_OW2[
]/K1K([OZ$O$G4]-S+96HJM#2#.+[




/QY^

ILL
M


V]

M0'7N2+[=(
G3F*L./O('ORH$GY.'^+%:\'^ZO2K2;)L^Q/O+[/?DQ^'+]V3_

EE4TO

M2S.N1(#G\77@7@W=#&N1[O^3Q
67[_D&4
]B_PD!B )LPB#R
6FA1*8)M2FV



ZQ'6(&_AV8 
3^+[98C$1



\60HMZLI=[#/&@M  F7*)3PV*7V$O*R:C
M!/3$FU,C9*2AJ)J]5*IRI=!LK3HRN
#
C(%/[6H2*3/



M*I
Q04UVQNY8\
;BE]04R0
F-ZU=8047W6AS+9]A*,E%VS0O#Y]N*P#7^7ZW
M<7S+]U$8A,B,*8HL*C56J&.X[61]A?Q-;NLB1&A]A?YV8^C.HE R8#-&T@^


3?:+




*'.B(S[K3[&B=22LH


M^QS/=@EPNR5:+MTVO)7U(KV!? KP?JZE\ -8/D87)CK=8S.R5Z(Q=R2K(B7
M07S'V^HH'']EL\@S]N4VJ:YDN\KWZ?:Q_N\OR8\#85[_N7%#'$#@X3((
6^

M+8Q

MFKWBQI)3]


N71BM4P;W:NYK-%6V
MR












6#'5H.$UGE4#0++;5T^T'!K+25Z.H81K'=ORKTUXU


M+DYZ*+H1PLPX5$];
D5LGJ^LWHE
&]AUFFK; ;]@?Y'\VA2Y&0^5:)[JP(_9
M;?PM+_CE2I





M0IMV$W;=@C0'M!A7!G7!


MU-%G?KZI5#

=X?]H+12%T;$*H36PS8%.Y
M&]C-;;6V@T-$!85OB@E]DM6BJG);+:[%RAP&.!J0!Q7
KF-@*_$D5]_OY 93


MC?QZEQ-JXP3;^&.Q2YM'\CN@I[I;;!U:J]W+?-YQ(*?1Y%BR0*TL:7Y_DV;U




.[)_?XV+W
;F_28H-
M-#'[?\2$'C(]AP4 880;DP33R)1[6VV2*1EQ&O7 6H/.V!Z+(LFVC\9MC6_F
M(K4AD@8T1 FWZQCU:ES)-?0]L9%U8.:J[%
]SINL5&/*=+'M L^%V
*AXT7



;U



MG[)7/;DJDD/\8P
M:B+@^]CVH8-]XOLV+_2$D8U#UP^HS/P\W9KF.;72/*9B




!Z3PW#ZUC-*?(EU]$'Q]UR=;)]
KW!R($.M$T'




LL0B-H[PP*I 5WU&:L9:I;QI;4R#W)IT49VZ)EF'
MC&KPZTR\IYHY48&]S+ZQ#\^+1V:I6SD3CSC0A1;ACY9@1 ++#UI3KN]+W0 P

MA
UP:7F7['[+\UVY@20(*:20

M]'$U6E\X)'[:JP&UK
 \X4=$8

V4!-^9
Y




M[[0L


MN2GIO\C!JX]QFAT2OEO'GVW[]) 4
;_3H!U?O;T9.Z0!B6Q*3
M'EFT1XH/&




Q2?7TH




MSJPZ /0N2:(34CA-O-;1( )+7?K


M]2 



M\M'=0[[]\R[?

*-9


U$KIU/7








']97R
M)*ILM6Q^3 YW^8Z_@59V1R7^*T^SPS_8/XZLMW95Q\E+G8Q

MO
OGZ=X296*O([C




M6YGI75Q\3
'A1#Y5M!I6$@5$N[*$#-848#U(A;
MI%491=F_6KV&/%L:0UW3JL]Q+-*JLR1 FF[0N59U@*94[M0!6O]^AM;7ES]9
MI!?,E%QY(0

M0'4GAR\




S
MI0(/1^@P ^=ZG ,]! IM1[/XI



M

4@




M@LWR[PVQ,W#QOD8.*.7AX_/])



MX)L7+16^OOD2QQRH




M([OBEO; S+^#;G&
E
M]O2?=C&+$=H2

/H\1&;@_*B=U^
PHN..O8




M^G@1FSI


ZT
]9KX$MZGTEEV?+D\4G])+P)




T1D&Z)!CZ-C)\.\91X 2NXSJ.80W+


U)XQ(R%O
M
A3QZYQFJD:?-GG&W@5(CQPG^8PBQ Z2Q/_X-.[DR&MCHCE.;F5\TQX$LE
M3P^_CGXN-]FV_%QNZY(6\

/GSQ\YVX^I(/.\^$[(HY@0'Z$0? 6$0@EA

MQ?

[



QFN!39./HXM




M+YR.E[


M]F39!=A;=%#Z WL7I]0H0*PAV9-J_;*O7(B),SW!PC;LQH?[F4=U$L GUM
N;?N69<9V


W 1J@?VDJ0(733D8H!=:]JU$U^S]8=
M=PP3V!)0$U]APT'3B;=7*
M%





^@NK6Y)@#%

MA4-D6;9C#0$F

M\3BX2'N:^/'CJ-9G2@\L,=W 3J$H(5X 2A(D=YI(UD]7YV=DEQ-&UI7(KT




K-;GV272W*=8*Z

$=A308ZA)
MF


4;6#\#


(*..[*M1I?[

KQMAD;BX]!
? ?[D649V.R'-WR^
ME6[E@VJ.E 3E!5A3G.Q%WE*DXP.E*L)YH^0
7$N%2
8V&MAF6!5&2%6TBX;'


(JH$_4J10POHV2ERIA7?085<B2]_/@I
M+[*/M.'OR@IPB*'KDMS?)V-%D0.=02 -7^QF1?EA9MCP0
$!AF[L6J( FY)K




MNH#K(?_\PL1\AO:J=3G@#WD[L#Q@3=ZV',[@W^Y8G:GRU;7-UEM+
HP04V

M
W[;#1SU(5 .QS1AL


M

'
MIA=:MF\BTX$1W&\SMPQH=E4RS/8H**O?G!M5O$;6 Y2ID&5T%^K9VM@[+N3P
SR5:BG)%8LZ1S'



M9Y _2OQ1Y$U&-V4U67UF;
](/





QMOT\W&7V]Z<?[5QPT)3V[4A\/\N.BN$H/' GTLSAY_EQ@'K/+F5^N

M&
)'
M:ZR&1_VB7VB[V# \9(2&&1J^%9AA/UZ4A-PEL'&CS*[BT5@%XN935L9U4*E(
MQR-E.L[-XE@AU\'F9$I./I@VXZMP2:_N<DJ5MXA<V/V%2D]S%O6[7U];9C5



2N&[HD?\.!


F..T['
*.$M..

M+P=&C\0
4#M<4P*X@3Q+(_K6C4X;U 4R1XZ-:O<&I2C

MP#6P[[A&!)



5^ 0[1@PX^+?+\;$!K 6A-F%;YQM%]
M0BLG\N






M*]^U+.PG0638$$5^A$V2MMIAX&#;L8Q$2

MOQADP5MXU;J!3_1F\X8!HE7XLJBA!Y0B.U^&

HYIFCZ+NY'=*+(
M%4D)QXRC.0

(D24P
-'$GKP3EZMI.SB')@@R

E.FHW$W1


M;0
[O&W4QXZC63

^ZF+&[ 27N8AE-ZFE)F9I/
7U9&)7\3=2GI%2NB?HH


M/NL26V7;EZV-N5PP5K?FI#^DC;*]C+&_+)NJGR-?UPV^MG5^1-#3Y0TG_I
MV]&2KUEG54
2
K#)JVQ-U*J^(+]]DY
9/??'20A
M=_V%_QMU5V=%PH$ #^?U7P\%@L57J=Q=@ 9^0==#QVP*_I!5-V5USSIQ=O+]
ME:KW^Y?MKV=R=7%'SB_
$IC+
8\NO_1^+^NT&I0]=*/8#LT(83-&=N;+NR_
M/HX=DU=]A;Y4LP!_O_P.OPEHL!@AYV58&Q=B2MS2('&8GSPZ[$V7F:39)9+
$2QI5P]OVC+P2Y'/N(2O<E?


M9W=)=989NH%H,89BTX

M#IT\SKT'7PK

M^LN;MQ





MX0L=NY/&N/R=;T


M?=GAXN*Y]MP1M+TP5=/'%U$_3I-*:'3AK+D$M6O&9$+4V=-F$QJ=KCZ=.'QM


5IQ2C?
!;Z$6LH0AKM





M_J)8 0



_Z







-U#Y^=#JSR^ Z@](




M\7M9;G[DV^T*!:9+_L_PDL2%7A0DD


K

6[A$2&5Y6%^P91&7HY_L3O68WS*EL3JFKX\%#2LNUF%4=$8F-$1G$CTX'0


M!9
X0])L!T$RG&N;H4?W8+7C(R=PQ Y&J!M7Y&V4.BE!%S- 1IZ%\CY?#SLT
MP0?6

MT/Q8.T\V9Z*Z[JITG6SLJ ?Q&9H$0!QB+TX\/ @(XD5FB+[J;0T9SFH;+8

M]BH0^#%
ZU1YNNOQ&30/X21*O


?



KM&G]5J]
M
FWF/WLS8Q7\*XX TNY]OV% WF0%L6 DWSH#0OL[EQ5*'W*2V:Z(/:\.'(A
M#'W+2'P7N]90MS(M[=OQ1?%H#@?M(8K_ AF#I3\(+M#7PS0Z8GI0D#WNT.+
MGV
QX1W

9Q52[PP

C
)@S
!'LHL:'5
YOAOW1J0KA9/4?;7 EWW=J
6(=MX2FV8:E% CYMUKQO
[N')


M5E



9^!9_:VF#P-0N@7H

OP#Z7I=[MB%IV1*78%D6'V@?8X(+AO74J^J?L@^;9Q
MMYORD?Q&F-+@H?EO/55M4*GM:591
Z[CO%YORWI795?9SR8B+/R]BEW?
9'E


3K.@SC*K<JX(Y7).&:



M#9A 




M:XM3A0E
=46ZON%8IZ$2[=<<##))PPJ7;(X5!JW/&773V'

MP

\VHM#J44 W



$^


E(0N
C#N

\[L7QFWXROTROC4M8:\




M(-\@R4
W?.R&P:HIFW0K.XF2'%1HS]R CUL':&[^T
$#UW7%K;S9.A9,'8





MC


!0TZW3'6YP!P,R^ZWH][\
MP

M)6S:XE%ZO64='Q[HHGUQB\DO-$\KQTM
TT$FAJ%I^M@R8R?H\;D)-D7*.=.A
MTESO^7C8R:GM
K\Y%(-R
PNYWZ5
MQ 0(IQ7M7E9_S2K67^I@^A# V'+=V(=1@@T(G<!+V/3!<P/7C1R1HC\*)J3
M\AX8K4VV[?_$*APCZ.


3




M24QFGC$$_FKQ3)P-O2;DA*:

MOIIVE?YLNY?5'_L]X=\RVL@P0R3 WY;5TV71@W$P-EV
H(]M)[!(F+ -W(-Q
M78AX)5LC!

MP$

5W\.7F'



+0NR42BRLN/Q;I+
MEQ(_C@W#L6(#X2!)/-=%43=LA!!*N-ORJ!A



]W#5U0R(/B7*0W8&R2E<6+'G^Q$R

M=:
[_EZJBK3K#%NG]$L5T0O1





I%G_8/)UUZG6W9Y7'V790W8I&./8
J0?:00H-5O


E

0F=
G.+A? H.EF8A$_9]BI[K:8=#@_G



]/QU')

7%'A4V'8]!

@Y)
MCJ8Y!GU.?^;WN_O7#:RR :*T7LKR*QR3)J!V[%2DAPC8/^'YR)4.1!.0/.*:







0RL
8N3$ 89P


MRJC!+N&


MEC#^*L



.T;(
D
SHB6C










MZMG7F8PRM

@KYRBM+[[G-$%A)5)9#J&R(U]


_/9F


MK2CHM5C;[5




L
@C(;@B5VA5G.20VB.8Q05V'20+D!]5U;-K^1[[L%UOMVV
V'T._'='Q+Z-3]
MN)%T%_]Z<1ENI97JI%L<A8))R-2L&XX<$B!@3VRN8J)IW@Z55]4PN\RA$J1



M\YS8P680F5;B8S/N1S9L-Q'+B

#^4%@)1BZ


E
M.IVLB(GGA)BILP
_RE-9T



'\%31IY.?X1%&S@^:]=WCP=CA/8IF
CWS.T#$-[.$AWUZ

 M(!$)'D$47XZFER

C1Y*E;1HXV


M&9C;HYHM'3E&T

K1%^K_)&D1J\G5(GAAB$V/8RA



_

1K2/T- R
MB&@ZZX+$NNKGC_2JBK*X;5N@W%;E#_I/94.O.$JWOX&/#2#X\C7K1$21Y]L:
MW.6W=Z!BK?O+ZF!;15E=D&$:D-.(T8(=OHI]-+TFVO-K2O7G-NM:_==LD'1;



8I:OW# 5J6*Q


L5-$3.S&.MFE=PY]YO0KM

MK_*\Y(1'=Z1Y7)CJR-MQ3'-&






E(=5^6$:%1[E5I=ZG5^R-_;Z^RS:[




  &AR@OJ ^

L=9N93GM^R#:5.PAG]YTT:.A+#4
M R@1$:1RF],+;C=[. FCN^X(2:Q)(H-W_






7:.T\$^FN14BY_E\)
M
M

_1X


M;Z#16'AA



3C
&&XPK*8 :3V+TA B6O*7S&








M:P^#?RHJMK].$*J%41AA8+HA=@-LAC$*G!ZJ3[Q01)IG :A9O ]L8CMDR]XJ


UW
M'(_+4**Q1CRO\ZK@A&=/ \L(_TBR_K_GFS3J_+R_B')RK;O#^J1:7N
J]I

8=#!O3?_'N8M#2N&9E^L  ?S3817SL+!
[
M[4Q[EY$-T%GR\+ _Y






K9H'+%ABP'Z)
XQ^40O'W]1-Z@?*C,GRNH-ZG0*W\.0'.JKK
KG?-D4MV7]&)EJW8=($+

M%5#&
'\F

)K\[&B@

;848?


Y


1
NMC7(0GK#U3K9/JMW;





AT7

MP)?NS43]*)5G&YX:M
8QW&%5\ CPM$FC

MA

$ A=EZJP6=TKCG?T

[
M0)@?/^ZO



MV;ND['2/&9F8?G@4H]!&

J








MQ




\01EG%CF6\(6(GDJ+SF2/:MCBNGMH

MMA61]B*

+0L

DQN+ 04G&^0:59HEJ'H?
.'7;]']+7-NKKVZK[M 3YAG8E\
4V5

M03  05Y@*SCI



^8G.U
M 
?B^UXTD3MFJTL#R?AZEC7]VZ0'7GAW18L3N0P-&VO$N3W/LISP:E'\:YU6
MU?[=]*;1NZ1
84+5$1V


MUQRBOW@UGYQ62$=Q?49OI_'A
F1Y(EN+.4:)W&K3U0W.6.Z;;ZH5
8E+7(A-

ARL06AI1S-6[QA^;C YYY
MEG8..%8OI&A;QG-


M&*QI\]%3Y)Q)2D?SN8S

M8X M

MKT[NX1I[O$M8/Q:GE$

FUG'.0F1[.T+^EC\7VD;WO


M2.[;%WKKN[+8W;9']'?M^M.9\37R#AI1=D\M36GST@+6J?395DS1S^6+QP=A
MNBG8O!:7261&=DB(#6*/A # V!K6T3PZ-Y(M(JMH6W-41'?T7\V=&L5C6F[*

/

L1=Z ? M
MY)C8[_? NH'C0]ZYAO*&WY&HZB'^[?G#K)R+R6D'E?'=@&V7Y_9P&\H'P$:/





46W5B&?7]
R8Q?7KME9CQ2G[7_C7^OM
M;D.!T2^:Q/E;4J?QS4U*T;DH@#B CH=@@!T76;[37RCA8A0%(GGI5)@F2%JS
M#J[Q8=

FX*T9QN7@T-Z2CQ?&8(S16V
P



E<6 Z=XN&B$5Z6CYZ')IC[.TQXB-_HV-_OPPY
MXHOJAS$%7HF[PU+BTK3$W R8


M7Z=EG61LHEO2F7!15A?T8V\R^NV#W?]&NLUN

I.C)']B^P@H.RP '][BWSRS
_+Y[^=N/7%T


UO2#6WRJ[DAM3:TW.O



M/4:V));WMG73$

YF7
SW[OPK^#.O\XFHS/JS/M]@V5MT*7A]*A?

/H
M[[3]8F_;Q-L$=;GHW)[V;O%,L+B GAXOEMQ?D3+'/M[OCF_9KF6^SWK%5H
MN1&*PP#'(;!&9DF[T1.'+%WIE=%O2%!L0+H]TZUEQS6^X-6DB@E.PF
T=/

M



M_C11=LUQ$ KX?.Y8ZTF/R\\W.Y[T5\NXKYPZQ!5[Y;_=7C[@AF)@N]8[TW


Q6
A3SW()$];_2[/:.;4UZ3
OD-OV#?G2-:4)/

GQWDWY(6LW'+





2A+:A%4R#2KER-$4:'L7FK

M_J0VOX@/TS/.&TU(]HL5#=;%?4IV^:9_*]#SHL@BENL@E\0!LCW:6?O&0K;2

\FGQ!.2)B:L
;UIT\G5FS@C?2J7H61C
MC2B4=B\QK6D4#U156O?M@@BP'1H8\D32+L6?Z@:0&*161&_-,U*TR;;0-

MADTQ 99VML9Y\!1^GG Z+.?BY4R

5W%;%D-__*1Z4=2






@;\&* C.29^Z!BOO[K&Y.IH%\
M@XJ\SO+;-%_3: 6NJ[I,UO4J]DT?^R#IF^3$)O$(B&*7-?!ENF;R.9(?E4T
MHR_O/4#7++ =X3/^[!%RKHTJHY4_VYV:7KE$=S3-/#DN!Q4GTEN5)
Z?V2JU




H?-.'*(!2W/ Q#WP)S0AEID
M6!Z.9EVFH]#7)
 C7*!8D:=A7Z=$XUW*;K?YPK;0_?B9;A]3XS

M

L*;





M


MG@MQA $9MN/X/M\3$AJ;UQ\I.8\BZ:18;;#4Q*[NJ1W7(:/)7*(G;&IRS?N)

M]EUG^]KC*N]Q1ZTD*X^K6OB=(JZ^?11F.J]HBZM:O//.XBH[0OB.PNJ9DT]3

[[(F8.(K#&'NVYX7#S470

TSL4




BIC









$&(3.CY




+ A;'GD0Z(!P'DNO-)8_.:TX$&U6_7
M#!:[17S =: 

M[#I_&L.J4X.DR$_F ]M]6GT0^Y.Z73IL'@+H8NQQR.[S@7'14HYTH3*4
@_.

@M#&R$:!91)B^6'?=(!
F[?NI*Q!S=6G
M^C155B XB7@[A4R-]2QIU*DUZ



8.^_2CCO)PQM7JPJ(9PZQ#4?D\H#6*2=?


%.JW7%-'V9/_#]03^VR+\GV[2X.6P4



/






[S
P*58RGHC1$=5B
M:69YZ\2G*3A3(E; V_P%!56&%
K[E.BE-+05F.;I35;#)\BNAVWVX
0$Q18F
K+S_B+_$?WZ[X
M5$.$B/,JJXD#,37E,/_,DEB5KG^_+1[_=V<*6Q%S^G\P!7 .%L/VYKXRUB6X
MF'=,RP NI/TN-D:_?5\%7A@BU_,#Y!$[BD/+COL<#B 3F2)CE./C-(_1[VEY
MG25BXY.'!+[QJ=A^L?'Y/?X&+\%48_/;QX.NKH #\L8FR* VF?B^UU.;YH
M%Q7L4N<=VV SW+#<WK([3-#2ZOEV'9!ON*[K'2YNP@[T8@<2@%QW!A )P2]

;6P0MW2\QDNRJU&K?UG=INO


MR?8%HE5D0P \

MQ-)M+7%U;C1_8IG8%-1)9F(MM 4IVFR.#*QL30O2K7&6W,B$U/#DIJZWHJ@
M, Q(&/HA]OP8FSBPY8'%(= 9'EJ9%.:5YA^L#\QUMVX8[NH^^O%/US/.=Y.


V=Q-)B
;5\BJF?)-3*JE_STOUR]-!'B8YU%I0Y:EB6I-
M.Z&
&O@3S@3;TMRIQA'  -@D\' 


'(2\


WZ)*(]Y&_

P-\:F\N0Q FM[J8=PRI$)QC*^7
MBM)J!;P0P !=G4M#+$=.'B?;5B(Z_K^28!

M0/#PO%[OC(D!







M_^ZV+.@KXXE[0=TL3JL#=


M$$

M];WYP2/%'%I?[T?I98W44*.1_*I?C?G*@A@$'DX=(%+7!#'T#+[]\ A#BRA
MDR *F]5\*&0_^/LK J=E2-XC+IJYU:7IBY(0%_C4
EF5FY'+%DLQQDFO255

MEV\GIUANC58!U3Q+HCQLG%CW5$KD_(N;:LTI-'4XL43Y^UU1UC_2\AZGU_4/

MP8 9?S)HIP\?J220+^?5SYV8NDO1IB63?969
(MW9%BA5=Y/J4U[3Y7-XBF4UG].;V_3LN5&P<(
MA![Q7 A@ATJ=&[75.@!6^CF/ZD&-&M.BXEMHVI1&7^VN 3E1HX[/JW13IN8
MT(@SID5C7F/EC,
(G$9ZC+.A$)AI^*OHZ'B_CXMUUFR_9H\I.77LK@MD_NN
M.2NV(Q@[L0V@&P(VDXY!WQPANE&=V([ET^ S:C 6=TZ 1U9CR7;Y?+)J-1
M3&\6PR!_56PR)N6J8?*

7\

YP?1F/ N


N.SR5E







E- O2PIB3GYV)/-
$?[.7(Y\6YF5]X1^(_D:W+
L$C


-$*]O</V(N#&/@R !2&PL$.LP-JW%X?<=TN


 ]
_CTI
M
(!/^<

MG*[SDCP)4V)*+$22EF.1S\EX14A&\[:



Z

MMRR9S I2L/=6LOP6K/][EU594U/U3-O$/O&L$/N.9T+?MF'?9A [7+*GIB7=


/6Y;MNS8F


MP [

=RV15[LS'!.S*

 45*$Q)\Z
*.%(

BUH!5Z9D#.(JC_LV3 ('R\]$Q[8\
M]72TQ]O
ARZ


MBL7D\9C='AXC]]- +CY'KA9)?)NR
SJHD.]EB)]*@PIM?5/D:B!*V
\R8W4*



M
\Y!5?(-7EX9-*J8G'?
*+.B4-N_!'.;@P6==9DF58K3]K]9/BSKL-%;W



7V&2





M9;/ZP!GJ=+#[]J+=M


MT;%YXP#Q^ *0M ODJS]3L*^H]-._&1UGQ,LA9]QOIB&:FN%LLXRCUJV.-5



I^O61$;2'
=A'^%

^Z@43BG?$NN2%[I.R




/UMDG&_VC:://TN?BD:YG/S'7589Z39E?VF4


M'0:\1^#D&YAB3
SRC.M)2LX
CO$T+F.

MI2(
H17&?A2X


A__2/N<_,KN=_?[EU.N;KXGV[0ZZ;$DF[H_!T^?<_RVVW:

!\\2




F%(F?7

MHQ';)
1D=:C=L3(MXW3U2X-7;R
M^6O<.HTK)A$*_FRA;78/Y3)_'<@J\@+'<:%CQ29 MNF8OC\T#7V+.T=0UND


?KM*Y#NV4!E=YO
UE]
'2



^MXU&M]:L







 @M:


66:UJAA;OF0(@CKT_1

MG)


M/L0HR]NR1H0P^A
#08X%WOY_8C?T_E6LR H= B+?M6-',NR 2$AL;!C1BYV
M40R($8WIGF$L







MN;_%UIFRCS*BEU'V46?.B^N\E/+$?27I( JG 
GHY\P$5CY% EQ[!C[CF4Y
M,8DC9\!)Q=17$]'07APZRN]/C]8*]MG3\XS:=X\SA-#N)3RGG]X]\XJW4



M&9JHPS#.#'4T=S+JAXO[)


M&63/)T/XMI;H(99_U^G4!
MM)55 -/_S

M/^ABCU=#3S=:_5=6W^'LYB8M4TI8=9E_Z^X_ 
WSC2#?M-_(\EO$+H_*UT\X


MUW=IV8'J+U:

M1

6+





MG\R&T'YE6V!4MR\B=
U9V+)C[/O0)MB)L 5@''?-60 CH3F==.S[%QN6V#=
M)?(2&Y=2] GL7NIF3F8+L\-D=*]H+


L-
M30?Y#E5KMV_





FZ*
MTJCOLLI(]\U% +\:O_PRZ6RJ+%EOQ*A9N%_^9*I^$XL9^[)L'ATG6?GW9']H
M+LKKO]ED\AO/


%KH1Q^NJQ'%#)
MZ:X$WX(T90P2TPX97D37%1Y[_3KJ]PV#D
_PL#T[# $;FB!P.I+IBW;#K'$
MNHIR##





MK\M7I6BPJ=#9$R5N\OB0;XM[=D]1\U7W6M5;\2P@Q&$QB_'MFW7C(7HP:#



MV+==%R+/#[J/CZ+0(9N'M
R*W56=E+68@KS[T2(#X24*_FW:A'ZY35DU]75Z

@%0.

M<LTHQ@CB@+C(M0$!KM0RBYJ69].Q#BZ=0-T8'6C+@P&^=F1)X9:3MT4N4)
;
;:Z]?0HY[SSF?N#

6#'9AYR&P+2J(SK(



!F6_7MI_LT[^ ]8GRF9J5K8'?W9/B(WS@J23#'!
M:5\_Q#M-#+XCRKJ(D7N
.*7]('^M+GB+AL=0*099IUD3;%%71CU74I_^IBV
M.3C]J]%R&J9I:7Q.RCJG/?

II??NJ%;BA4U!5=L!+E(J\V
M40CP





8#ZY TY5:=7$E6R1K717Y#
MR_B.]M.T^I!_+HM_IMLZW75 +J_WV6VSP/:9=N7F:9@*Y;OXD.]2=CBJ/E27

XHO)V-;-ERL')0BZ.=

8:K;7LDSI[F]_DE.^5T







M82FMZVMR(_
Z:_(_DG9L_IW;UE?2D:'M;C1ODX

25[@BAWS^'EM060FJT]&DSE9EPXK'W*TW;;[Q.GN++PB3(^F7#ZF



M
:\K+6ART=9HS718#:V_B-E49CIJQ2S]X+1+5]S1U /AHH]?V*0HEB;W$%

M7]8MQ X) (Q&-(!XH-0M#,UW,=:9U9D@S!KO.EF$#^EE!7&M04]W4FF2,
M;)(I?-/O3)$:R%7Y43YFR;M043FC?J_*EVNRKN3+VY@U85U@YQZFGDS:;V9
M#/!95]AU7:$O6!S5**HJ/IQ*Z[M%AK/Y;4W%A/
9_6;1X


^P
M&PWXIIR=*4(7&ZZ?C)$%

M#OND-';/#@DT9?[

M4OQN)-;FLS5%7GU&OAEI-7

S




HO/


/=UO
].H4I?9]:'N



8!(3H1CZ

E-2O_?JV=8VY( .S 002B



V&<2X:]SW Q^*

MUPRB



JS+.*G46Y)#\;M;
MAN.%;7$

))89D@!;D6\#!P81C.BL




-41C'B]@VH64*[;L* :1WV;;<OV+4/;(B*ZIJ*]F;0MZZ*29<20OGD

M7B06^R9T/
M!'B+8CTTS\(:Y+((QUWOQ2AJ:2:^J=+]G^P0L:[CO@=))9B5:
[%K7D(%5[B:K@<<!D-L.56NDZ2='Z]:SJWZY M-::\7OM2Q0_/W56X

3(A *0P 

M2.E4&5-HZ852\\\WVL
.BB



M](B-9( \[UCDI_+
R-3@CW6
4QV&%=K[LM@8IBUOTW17L3ORV#[\Y0W]SN[0

MS]@9*51(]SHD4*5!A;:NR;\C];+1ZO(F/%19GM(&60E2NY;2MAY9 



N
R915INR:3Y3?[XAN;OQ7;K#FN\2VK[XRRP=_<
MS'2JYQH_);F1_GG(ZB?C/JWOK:<\YA6-4/S\X7Q[2[;WHU+-BB6T6_T=Q7^

TTBIJ!;WV7:HRV8]PK$-.AG=LL]C
MD]'T._TB8S&
G=3.;K)MTK1TLS^D5)%_G13)SOKT1.Q2TP^6CU:*[A4CQ!


6W




MP%3Q)!.N:-L=D



+(Q1C&D1VY[&\. I[EX2 6.I8EW8AFG7TVL%^

?*';\D+W(Y#C#HB2=E@O=S3JAF;G42/7$291-<3'2


ML]
XU7$%CIJ^Z?_3


QG[4M?G
MY%CT=

0CNT?1*P^SWZE#BR

M5NW/Q=^I;3IM?EC!GIT^VT[4_^M@4%'-Y5N2@K%MAI!X=F!B%$-LAY[5 8F]

M](WM!#021Q;P?(@#Z'BFVQ_+BUV+6(+KW-AFB4XMC-GW8=X)_9N:%&%9J$
MEOTE/1HY[UQ8$=%G)L5SNW(=L^/9K2Z6'4!BDA
G6?GW9'_H[HR@0$=WS?W6





4C:BJH7IFR*3'IE+RIXXO[



73O)C^Q'JY]DEAF-

M?T#+;E[IO]D@WSBA;X.(^!'T;8*=$
9N/^5P3!?9(L%'28.:8\KH-HSF]=D+
MXX;)SR






O[P'^.W 7






M98DK=)Q8+G@F\QLFCX

M]'*N)78TZY%O0+-(R(Y&^5Z$'1QC BQL]= BX.F+'+* %HP;-*][:)9U6:18
-R0#GB1XCFO6E??(54PRISV RJ-.MNG2(YB
M#TS4GF-N]0SDQ^2A2B]OT,/#/MNR0U97=5(?:OJMC]E]UI8R4)4,;1_ D/@8
M^3'PJ6#<$#J 5.= FF%.5<6NV^RH-TA94NI58O42+\_9&57YI3OC'UZFU7[

MK#8X!B (4!A&P$$1Q
 


/7D'$
M2^BJ$U9^*S@KB








D7]5U:



=O-TN%[X(1<T(?8^R,^-2&=OK&(WJSDT



[*BU'[IHD6M*-_5YAL\XHS+
MI!X^/O:0BU! 6_ C@*


MT-6
7XX%=3;;S(22@O/SS*-S;MA-Q)6;^\QLG!+B9Z72;5_'_2V[X9S_$B
MQX

M




M ^U- IL@=(!#:-



O%






#QVI';R?
MC3]ZA#
_7?8N8V=D2AW;ZQ MA?84NOJEF*!]R.FPIQE%U]J&A)%M^Z$5Q&8$
MPQ![Q'+[5D#H.)L\O4WJE/



M5T5N-%M41EBFW[IS'0])_C1S1!\3=RZ*2Q&\CH$IB?UEM)[  .\ B9(R9^\K
M?D[+J[ND3
.DRK;#8A@
;




MV=O0K4;8'O1@@+'P2V8S^BB'H
 9Q==J6]8\=GNPOR0MVG8$5O_CO[$4
MY7]=
XCSCD8A]LZ

=(U61;


RB&[\4($Q
[)I4*CTYF8Z=?

MN-:ZL8'O1
7-Y_:9K*2[K_


*&Q6LYAV


Z]TZVQ-NKLBL3U/)Z?2*O+)
M^F16E6%G-%8I=T+W[\?'RYBO#@\/^RRM^E:1$\' =3%Q@C@&V(YL'PZMVA[7

S(
M0(7]$!"&(12='0O&;QZ\@[



MO.


(+(R_R7QX;D!?&0U(:CPPE_[:- FK?WPJ;EU6Q
'PD





G=D'L$.O8HD
B(*EKPNW



MJSH51V!JY$F(4DE]TL7F=(&Z

MTZ0ZE$^C1C? #6// 029L1_ZINEBMY^
(AQX0NHD\_F:1:F')*5!4GSQ28]N

*S-O
')&7:;PMPY1F61!H:XW\5=O1-^W=[37I*P L]M '/8-




U

MBUHU
?

MWDO/'M.K='LH




M$I&6

M



M-5CR'X*7-\[F([X\9I7N$4MZE


UGQZ+]T$ET# 5B!Z




MWXOG5O)7U(?6H6.K8N3ESL*:L(FKZ_7[R*]%D']-RWMK8R('( *=*+ =DZ98











Q4*2.^IOE^H+I ZK5.\?9U.4M^?\-119.2L+;8J*

LNSZ&&
$(E]RT6QBRP_#N.HGVV2F* %:I=4(5]9[5(Z+BL?U2Z5:ZI;

C5O8-?2+^8)[$MWB;6N:_Y5 KN$
M?S4&=IV][:\1V+4RI#BPZ_?F L4A'RC@+*^R;?
6YL9U8A-!-_1M$P
_)L3Q

M)W=^_G_UFZ$G_-75CYN'V=1/S#
++.\\QVMM I
!A0XQ0S]P;

1S6H]@#
MTG)IX#)@5Y
'GBI.$U/U?6%V5=N=': E2S0#8:C8T_[+,U?-L]8BVS]6
M%!@7)D+?RLDTWZP@-!(

F$MM3
8!FH*YD:\!6%+3$U
M^ MI(&]?^

M9A
18

I^W%Y\9/+\)
M:/D9@F;GZ:^25M-W5A0Q5T.)GOIHE?[BC:(DO4G+

M+/80CV++?-%* Q-$/A.C\W8B 2#%6VJSNF)=^-ZS1/;[+:8!U332Q32CQ?

T&.\=SI;W!FD?-H:H
?.+IP(DGE%X':Y8AU!KL:S0WY%GFGRT

9(!
M4'-K5/*89/OF+:.;HC2RJCHDM(LN\


QQQ:F36%GKXX7<4VCHFBP'5:$/;1!ZT+<OJFW*IEHI7
M=DLU
TM-]O.!EFRWY2'95^/2Z^MDSY9$IPO8^[S*JY92






:D!SKM'B
FXZ8
:-4#F-/&WGDX?9


?=
KH$_5 DSE:OOYG
MN@F%PCXCEJITTYSH^_:.U:3W*1*AL?^1]JC'-
YR&J\S=L:4!8%FUM
A\K'I
M!Z:'76([M ]X(0Q0C\B#Q!:9'^K$H5F]_Y9DN?'3OJBJG]O#AS?=U#'MC&GF

2]JT!
M%W(=&YW:AF8I;J!=&'G*N5LQF;+W
^BYV!+3QE8&LP:6\5/: ONY84XBEYY$



M(=U-J\H_P\V)Q%L%F\OGWDJL*-3V


B&^QL-#9

M/)

M#9B-BRP3.[;I.





&?(ZO;2.0:_5PF*^/C]UKCIN
M/VPO#]F$IDVGR8&'_1CT#%9_<?0=FP3\:N[U;0K
LZE[_+NP!A)/;J^F\ZA
MGM*DG#I+E2);=GZJF^')

M_6LO9]Y]+7!1U?3[W9&H#:70\DQH8RLT(? )MB*OQV)'2.@5%CT(=&\L[799

MMKD&_N0[[8^ 5JM





T_6!-T2-9L$2VC'[A-RK)IHOG!SPQO











MO3THS2__*X2G:3B152IC;_EL4ITIKUXG5
:/F


?^NN703


M?@Q=;&


MA*9ENL0.G=@

V(EC2T4+9KKNY5*F2C)LI%([]JXL3RU$Z-$1HI
M5ALA!*B6CP_/V1*#I)$KC4VR)KS;F28Q!/O%CO;PK^\P66ZR^I^^M(]EA(6



HA#$*((.&M:$0@=.EE&)-A=3
MT $K6\PT6K0*Q%.&]@FZJ9EQ59(I1/9\:OF:/5&AG
#_BC5RBE4\\CB9-5YE





ML&J?Y[(VQ'0\Q_

PI=O5)P\L@^NQW0[7ANA_/574*[
H\_
M



F/%'




E) A#%SF1Y2!(?!)'Q.\;=B+
=;Q787.S*4PE65NF@E(9O='.


:Z
0/\0U8X)
W
MQ@=Q.1:WHS$LE2%I-34/(7BU/2BU'3P=;S0BX2!GDDN@=Q^@#3&#;JLMZ H
MORPS!:0Q#^CUDF(=T$6A)1FIP!A,0^2=Q&)03(*N$,Y-32PN+8(,*J8 K:!L
M5)4X












W1
M:PR%7P1-V?BV_#*-W/V3=$SQZC\?\B_+ZN)F

M#O8/.I:B







M ;-Y0_?UJ#G[XZ?^U=%
[)BH/\H?__MH#@Y




.QX^DXO\L)U7P/:8_?#$+WEPQF=[+6/O[;+*\+(*?<HV=I





T0.ULTW/YP]QJ6RZ
,]4MJ_P/F+&
MGGEI&SU(G*YG+KHA?EB:UY&+;1ND;EC8/VG/'-W_?;/5)GGMIS<;UTOU]S



M$??&YE








MG=SFMKR=%+-&8+I[/

 = R*IT







NIL^TTPI  2EEC#.+M7+;.#%F

M38=@ZD/&B8=B]G$\4V_A0S/]
B&#4PS(.O-$

MF132)282C+!D;SQQBD39#PJP^N#[4WAUBPR5I\

MJ4PL]!JA^=:-JG?BYVC1/L#/2Q3K
1)XH2?WOJR^3:K+FO/#=N[S S)

M6B*]\5Y[ L'F2


LV(0LB'[:)FQ64&(8;8<QH#+ Z3OA#+5W/F<Q/SB;#RON^*LKJ8UY]




YYBM@R+RKNUB5?.YN&)Z?(RKC/Q5O; _&)1%9^7BU6O




'=7


]5BKTC97=.?-=:


M0:N]A@[7C#-ASJ?;YY%ZW[VW=2?=G[6P*Z$IB[6AUEFOC(82::'L5F@8GT_'
MR-X@.93LS[@2%@0A8N1!X@#!!@:&N2

U@0RZ





M2CA9F='6CGB?5Q=1Z]?[FEPTGB



01_OWUO+BI%4$(_H


P;[+B=S)]9
M*:BW' 


M




M&
\8ZE[T/\\5#L6*14RE950!ABC!4B&$F?(..4&IUOK0F5^S 




&LXH[!FA5*;&
H?
MX19T&EAU(_9!$'2QOE
UH+X!B!X_G#%



M-J31YY
IUI$V'V/D&$VQL0\O_BWZ_+K[ZO80/4C0@+7_XAHP/?0L/EQ]H=^
M!@)WO\R01Q(XI&D@TE,C)0*D)C684HDQJ=9Z'Z*4/U%'Y9$R&W*?^'B1SR95
M43;='^X_GU%AI&$PK :0LT$)4$0&[:


'=
&8E=

#HCT 
!/$3(QROH
MA1%\ZW@0FXJ[$:Z1IP7
RM&]DS
M(H
.&



M%)//Q725

 P:C Z0T1)BSA@)+@/&&D-#:Q9]BPU[;OYC3\O

MXLL@K^!1!GKKO[ZZ_5*57]?9SP=WO$;C
X^4PYHPAXF



'(PM[GX\=7@&P4ED:]C0.+0%&
M;K\%11/S5$882N_+^A*M$






M]]^CE[^OS^33AS
A&26.:.VH%9):Z/46V4CXQ-M_Q^PP=^ &'2O&07R?_
ND



M$:6SH(X?OI@5\YO\\H^RO-QUW4OS3)A=(*62TL5BQ87@:P+2\JM=DI/
^(



-9\6I!UK8B$
M-(;O%\5\

H\+IA4$.=6!@PPH/L4UM1'6E@B%3Q


# :T@ A(@:@&K!

M+ZN\?Q:S9.%%=Q;+()E&M9@:P$LO:=$68V-9[_
Z#_7._/GK0RR&(8*5]U
M_6^^##X_)%/





MUQ\L'M*4J_+AP
F)BH;WD'.7CM&@.+C5/)ERWCFGB/
@&%K&&0C7:PETA -^

?HCZG[Z?_%C)

YHMW5Y\FW]5B416?

MYC3'

GSZ#CG%$+G
0^UL53I6TM






M06@==]@Q8BBI/07(J$B

MV
S3Y]*W<YNF3921L\%(A$KY92K255OEM("V
MHSJ+_6R4*$M60N] S/M]$F/F2[34#(@L=/46P*X$ 34!UJ0<O/R
^K'#+94

*BYA!H.E=C^U\1:HA;ZQ=JGF[S*)S'\UP'4[B;+







M$86(1PK)9!6



MD]]^WN]Q/WDX8U1(P0 /U'O.'-16@SLQB9=?B]&Q7A^[



;


Q*AN66?ZV2;W\^





:20QD-XQ10$RPCH@





W ^
M;3ZZTDG9@1@'6#A\



KUZ=X_O)13$-
MEF:#.M=]PS)IJ








&+O'9]Q# +4%L1^?50Z9LP=)ZE%^R/;!'H&2&?B/1HH[\,_8WPY
M_MA-B]MB%C![V0PDSX_-F+0VMO?C#'F,=8
U$E(1H#4&LH1U0$
 )!.1#M\


MZ9064@+M 8&UAVD4P.?1

MR@QKCRG$1!ONH  F[ );


M:@TTTP35!SG&2Y.8C3&BD
-PP&BT%1\G__8NY^:UOJSN.%PUU;3%_

MT@]ZECWY)G?XH\=/G$EGF2
4Q9Y[TFAB.=IN I*F%HB-*)HQ./9.HICAU\(/
MDUFT+^X[ZN_+*C+ZMERL^'\VC'+$;)GQ7$$01


M$@/(4H^

S+!CU ;GP88%URO&O85U



XY6G/E9+PYIWBQE(K
X:X;E=SWCH1KX#;&)W
P$1[:#;!
M#: $:&R R1F1F%/-1/6B\


C++%[[P@/^T:$O13)WP'P/WZ_+_37X9'53Q__


MM_MN=6\#J=U7PWL.


M2M-\KY)K.



^*'3
4X$L4D@P:,&&/:&0.I\CRU2U[D+'D9(< CW*3QX(/GTX4Q)

-C_].'
6LN5


MXB;JG# UQ4KIWJ



=S7;P88:ZG!_*/ D:_VQ

V9DJW
M&.I2J


MM\CI4*8# 

L8HM4&06R8M.I]6

CZ+G'
\TU9I1!'0P\IJ2V4-1A9T6%2#S5&6&#







AZH?XD)
M0/OMUWW#
NV

M[D%'_4CF!5:*:%\D!@S@FH\X(U(?1\^BIUA(1$P0WBUSZY4=Q]OY@N+X.A

Q^]D'0JS@%P
MLSO=H1%ZF@S/PI*))9&<,4F!,\!+59\_:$MD8IA^M'&XHS'4@U'C;\U@LZS


MV

MJTMH8QO2L$!N$GK*V6$ '3ESI@S@)G@U
K8RTMX3;K:B8CBU$?\(3R!Z@-RP
MLC^)T=[*6


:.P
H@DAS 9!%
M0+CZV




R:A@AU'COD 0$0(QAG4?JB$Z]3*%]OLO+7XBZD_(
M0$I*B-DG-





D-QCPNLF#4R2UU\$(8\D]+ W=R'0 N'S(%Y-XHN(F

SYS55T! A#3?!U==(UYNEEYXDVJTC
M##/W *+.Q3M




















]0D%@^


H=D[


MU@^8#0?'9 @)&ZQF9CPP2$JMA:Z#APICEUH,L(.IWVH_@A1=J;\_09!LX$9
M BR8/II*+JD$TD!LZI,BI1!*C&V,L9%&?S!(E^



Q!8:




5V)ZC=5.]S)1J-SZQBT%@M
M* /


M

MYUVI9Z2W#[S'S)L9A.-=A@1X#@7#5FFUM62(HHGU;


MB\+V@3UP[_A-&:&$
2.0-91R#A_UL@(FGJX77SO*2A[X8:U6=P6FVV=\PV


M&X3^JM;GT;H8!%SK2[4V'X'-/^]'UY.G
ZP5




MBDG.#6+;1=QHD'KC]

MEC:?) M[!R6



M@.M%]J=8W?1R7LSR0.T\B&^]%VQ^L[?G?XMI
HH-4YI#QX(-3;!1S-3E-AA1

M(9.8P3[*_*@!$-2CZ-M#Z$



AZ?$5

2[]=VJ%)Q&+[


=MRP9Y48HP#*)T@6Z?W!H5-
AC38*.9I)04A@L+7-.1OWUR<^C_9_ 33O$ZM,3W.K[ZFT6(2B/))M

M3R];!6F4Q9@R([442 .'.:E

M
$058IY:&8T4H*Q^FFK8\
QEKKF']C(WU
$%D:'M[ZV]^_O]Y^+'ZO9'NE
1


OA8



ME&+VGM_L=G_







$.=8F6&^TL8!IBZ+B!%VZ@_PX/*T(S519ITR2/.F^Y$I/
M@(ZYF$2]HG@7?VRTDE0/AX@#!@AB9:*K8P1/MR0$34;J5O)RZ^[V4D%\)Q


;

S;NCAM#YM<


MR\$#H/Z:&2.+\
RS0]VMUMO%?XY
_\8P1#4SCO]3E-/Z2['^L7BX-_5PH:#C

N#I5.0PSJ7$P\/,6%I;ORM HX&T$@BD.'&<&HU-A(,J:;@N1GD)FB<];AX



%K<G






ITP[EZ7%*Z
M03D*_ZQ3H%BN[M.)QBQ]U10D KBO120&2( E964'C)1O-@OX65HSM^8RBC

MXSA&/



M5^O'R
K=



J7@^PL_%]S3PY8V+#;8_&_.ZPS<-< [S1AQ2##I

MK$
V?A=_]U



M+DB!($* &PXD
-QB!JS64;6P:B=2C#FU)T^H1T$O9E'

M


MNKN&X5

#



MLM(1%4?#@==:1&6D'!K!;O#&F?3R/KB53_ CL9_RD6-]_2B']$NM\4'^[O




#M%LU<0)$P<@ 6

MX]XNA3




_
MUJ6=M\N
/C]W?+UL?CG:&'[U?KWV?K438&6;PJ**<4 !Q3P#6



M:R;HZAN5OB.)X\RL+6_[%U?)Z5XL-SL:9%+U\

MBWGQ


W1-L5

0#2=_=QU

M@FB*)8(RVA*5@-@)#.IQ00SP(ZUV=C.P(YCL5
I]Z6UVA/T*9)\X!!M/FP
M
H9J+SR)
T-5
T(#FQG9/L&T=F

MYMKI^
9 #498 X2\DQX[GJ[4EZ





<='ZV6.^TI5]VEUX?TB-]F*U3KJP?<0W;SA:W9TF U-?
Y%Q;
M0N/*)C1R6DHLL3 
:$XE%%[6Z=_##.[]:GD3-::[9Q(X


M4-P#Q0QG3&OCA5=U&\EP@WNWC#V\;Y)U[
#3P2 &O7-$6.TD!HHLIA02(S
MSP3?SDQL+-8#^V



1)YYRUW'M' 47E

.-

^#YN!);


 7@
ME\7M;11(_.%D*N.\MP4'J63 4


 ? 



0WN2U?!&C%K2R@1V?7^P8508ZTGEEA
6

M0HI0B[#FS'G@H.'.2@(Y-:KN

2/+H;&X^5T




G[U3O:2]V1?$/7&CG&%AK!:
I&










MLEH6/W^9K7\KJD[$CIVD2







3J9]TNYAZ3IUQ% )*

MAR9_N-+G@I0+9H;3HXAJ]^PF[:+E5_=WJY^7RQOU/S?]XO-(HG@F .DKEV@
M  '+/(7


^

M=_[TBNM9-[LOVU2&H.-.]_(E(:ZQG!)D$/0D7:.6$%4 8&]T'K$F'VL[Y#;7


M/:UFE92Y.5\G'[_;G56]@YL3K1G1_GV]2















MZ_F#P5'H#=


MU!%DA6;
5N?^%HG
9XHL5;@B:0
M: J9]M@DNPXR!*I)D7UVBB[8&3P\RB,0K9U+[I#K2!FLM/ <&F&AU99C5]EX
M&-%<T^9/X-'MCF;'B\'OEGYUO]Y^^]]BMLZ])%SWCB ]W,4*26^<,PX9#ZK#
M81LUKTQ^7+W=FB



O+X=%@
J-FYKF#.TBUM

M$O1$4:$IPZP
[OB.#HQ:A


MX PEBCNLG+








'21BQ


ETJ#PE'#+82$&\AM@CU@U&)5[JW+R88'=5(^.*(Y
B9S*0]0)Y)FP

7E9H45\$R*D\
MU [HT=GUOD/E(44D3#<S7+0=,7;& %^I:CNYWD<FGR <9\+4BZ8;^I
:.

M'U4]SKQA6%)(N05GUOP3&-J\D9W=T(-B/*9J#9T-B1G(&6(6P-LEI9F.*.











MZ!W9+%[0O3[PO3X@4

?G0B^Z\Z!G9

M;9?44.%DHR )DY0(1#BW7G)/EQX%2PS/R)DP^ Z
J$/D%M3X3/Q8_5[8_%

M'SH2950W]0E*NF4DD08HA6*)I9 )?N'LZ4S+R(-WDSI4]_:Z8;RQH$REA
M:9P @ E-K7 85H.3K.+35&3(=VF09OM$!V=+OO%:KY$P157GXKU/
GPIGDP
MT*F7Q/GG7+K$J*'!UAFD%:O658)59I*;R3O0^J94CQB/3C(S6Z]_ILH@[=:E


MDV\)@@C
)4UQ]$8JAXB@I7N18Y&;R7[RCKJ^UY@^01XIE/'K8XA-30!C^5C
MT#.(I:
0B;A^$AH-U'(00K/


97&3E


MC$X%_+Q

M1AHQ7EL5:8J(O\,U.B$Y!A!\9T+[V(3336N#); (:L$Z;T*@E)=&YJ-?!G
M8$=W/

MZU30




T/Y<?)_]3)KCYN/UI_5B.5]\G]V^6WZ(@'_]O;C]4?RR6FZ_U:7&R'YO
MD)%U2HOB2-<*DBY1B54F

MG@GF20D
H3XS'/KM*#GCL3 #[BGRT*_N3V87R7E?P-A037$*ZD06$4$ 4L


XYE+''C*


MUH'+2LTT,\& 3HCE]?KT(7]4]U:!K5^1Z#*.PL(]A);IPD%+EJ'J$+NTO6

M)A63@#' .8L4(59BF
K**H)K[RX
#5


M^N=#@;;=!?M=L&CJ:?Q'_?/0RSXO-K_5ETT9JQ/!4N(QDP2YE-O=6T A*X5
M

[4AR]L
6O

T$1-(8):[VV!%2R
_22
MJLE




*K=;&X6;H_YM]FRYLB_O'W




MS\5\=;-

M_/[N_C9E]/QHWD7]9#4$ZW
_&0R %C*+$226(VNA9]761Q3)=*A-4-\\
_-'


$X6O;

MC1B;:*(=QX(ZFKQ#1&-
N?1(:E



M*
9DW9.&F^SM![?





MAUB34NKZD\BY#-;7(\ARBQQ]3X&:&*(I 0QI8TC@ILGGXO2V_X!C?AGFC1



Q

MV%XF9[^.^Q0%


9'UX<<L
^=
M

E# 



B^-
M40+92FW'\G+*PW05:I-HZW9@OJ&86BHPYP![X82C6IBHW54S20 U5AVIL\5'
M-A9LLYC:=G^@:A\)63Z:*3


M

M&]BS159YQ:

.M@M'&

L





MOK
8?+0C*U-&S T3&US S&&C/-Q:DB3I- [2THAZ

M(^6#SP?B!$50(P

M2Z@8Y.6\8





M0LZ7RJH?%$=*EO





O00U7

PCFCM()
M
JBML);0I[

M4JI












+U\-D#


MH]T.+?[5


FJ%7W3Y8^ !U5N=8_

M%_5?/QZHIU@[S3''$KHO36E=2J04I=T2;^;4(]R)!O,$1BRG_RP3*_8*E7I
M\T;!0,4UEUIC&U4NRQ@'I0=$)Q;ZWW2;






M\DP13SI&O*.NV0G C0 J_6R)MM4^4P4:%AU#B2
E-X!E/1DK(O5+'





0)M-&.B+N%-AK*ZCJ=I$IG
MQHE/\CAL?.+UA'J&

MY[TM1!7&$(
]\

Q+^*/5Q^7

M3#E!L-


M\8^#

M&)TRRT@A*SW%P\M) CX^C\\@GW-=B$V3\RDGS;OE#DZSNHLD^!;5X=W#J;2L
NKX@LHY


M-7CGC?+B10N,Z-!IGCN?VX/Y &9VE*8-+8PZFAX/S3B(*#.)$4;C&@Y)


)_UXC=\1EVA.I5:&


U7S^$!Y17'TT[^*6OSKLU?M0

;DMSU]D]]




MG/ROO^\+)8[BM]W?OOS+Q]:O()ZO5NM-_/7N02X'#:J(UV
25Y7LI!V&.P#W
MG FVV
X6MYOGO2S^V!;+JVB\C.\N.-1GN]C



TNV 'I5!^1FE

.! @Y;T%V#DM( =:
M.%P.32.6F0UMTIM9CF ;)L!IAV9[^\_]^_[AH\_C+-/IVXF\N@U;!JL@9
XI

MD-R)3/*TCCY[

*KZW$E$O#2R');T/M]0?B.
:2O=(V5@NH Z
0SXA8;_/N$)=AY:#F@IK.4$*TVH/QY+D7G&=DBMH&/HT.0L=4!)G

L@T(R@ FQBE 6]U(3M1[%+:J+




[+
ZTG

M7$I
QP0L?"8G2Z/-0J'H7&
?EA6[#


!(.7BB:6XZ




([)<1E:'9,B1U;
MZY/BV?,A%;'WWG#DO(=4 (MK4 1+I
6(RH;VP
M\O%LG1B[^_7/Z'IZ[SCV


<$?U97
MX;1?X43#H)Q0D#MN@


UK@5XE5=H!M2.6
M_&
QVT3)+'?+WC$3Y.SP5*N!'9 8:-!U)$@Y*5B1!FN5%ROX:;\C(PN]IH
M=CKPA^)K*@0U?TC17T?MTE-- H\&%(^;)L060D445*@
W8E*-
B-N[UU/V:+

M?^


M/N*.@C&U6)PMG5XNOT9]- %5S%=;I-[/)O.S]Y-.M I88F4L0Q1$N]4:P! A

M#@S$W]W
GGB96
]P) O
C!MTVSI#ZVFZME7





+/2\A( S6GFC;X1:A*#


%O[5$[=5GO5X2-Y



M:E[VAW\/](V?_32Z$Q3\Z;D@&38





ML

M?YPB4)WF(45&::&

MW9?)JGB_7#PL)X]O)\NTN-Y



M4GTVA^?KAP.%C'J.B.?


%@O(;&0NZE(VH;E+K'CH+

@4\(Y+5$T$*5D5C!E$
FM+C@^4K4EZD57

.*12!!*RAU6

[=*2XCW




2 &.5\-FTJ?

Y#)MU%#AS
M1*?H'A


T41J02@GYZX2WY)'%@'C%$&


M4W=WF\?-+/E_MK


0Y$;6.4K^91;EWP@\HIKZ4U@-C27[M
M#RF5T6HU_3R]VQ'C_G\VJ_6V5GP4BWIGWNR5=#6_/Z

ZS.M
F&$_
M+ C-. '6.0@9

M?3EJM9RNIO.'Y_=C+YUI'7Y14-8;R;W%4$

MJ3@Z7 Z4Z5R/

3OPV\^MN)7G[MV\EC42\RY%C+0%E*F.P0QQ!B

%RN)3G
M%FBX'C(UEWM]/F5!W-PJ?+N8_WLSF4T_3U/N@(-?\\?'HX?K#7L(#!'G@0#2
M2*T]5$32:MYQBS
OGUP789H*=M$'U#TL197RJ7^\UD-_*[X5LS-;6[T.XMJ.



!6
B- (01YN+BRK&L
M0




ASU)D]KM@V+ 
P8
E%(8(1SU\5_V(\'L; V]&PCQ
MN) N74%]
]Z=N





MVPE_ZUCZM7-L-P.\!SYUF6
;4Q=-7


_Y\KZ@'-DX^

7LS?QOM

T
O


SX2)R6_D]_



9'UC2()\?%ZM.78EE





M





?WR^GB^6S)=E$Z4Z;+71U.@Q 60BLB5/04@_C738
ME< 8Q?I*&G&+V '^(^ F


M(
M+:Y\ EULLMOZ1\ZW3LA
QM!&86ZH1[R=QVMQ-OT[F:S6_?[N5Y&3V9AX!


G._%HT]
(OU9':%-.P8[[$$


M'DUK@J 4T#KGH86ZA !%3&Z&?1TQX^SFU1;T?41EO/[0L[$Z1]L$#2%@4C*+
M+8DHQAW9LG)X%(K
VE(C9%8G





MZP;F-9&C
W1[66%F\6.+Y2[+2&+UNS]GTX?M]]=99\ZV#A1!QABQ)-W\@
AS

X)G+

\D;W+*



OA8+$&(E+VTQSQC-S?M^T][8EL#L@1E_+^X?
MBGJKQLM' Z?$ ^@1)UH+A  3JEP#/5$L]R#OEW\7@AF+VO&UWUJ0O6P+'8)



E



MKXHUE89P!B)=B7C4!J$635AH,^\*#))^!P;


MC+'#RJ2Y_ZOZ\#]6\2/?JG^\+Y8?OT04WZ=+J].[R2QE3;B?GKL7T[B?X(DS
MF!N


I0-3S(31NARV9KD1









YB;GQ&IN[O-XR8EPGCM:5J]F;OO=\5J

KI


M*R




M5'S5.C B6)R/Q%
HD (P



M



MNLPMF-%_4

M$!I[%[425$9F:



'A[K)


MX&+JG+JE[U3-[U-TQGQ5'/-^M]=YX



\ZDXT
M-V6ZJU11RBO.(9
6 XXK#8:ZUAF[&/C:CY#.S8'-]R;R6$8FY2*K./4=B;











MD6-71#]-E@]%NA*ZBS-5LRT7TJ1MZ/VX] 6!.L8T 










M=S

I QG@E#D+0
(EMM4D$190+%&RG(]UDRHL6@
)\K.L



M4


=?&SA!

MNZ\.P@ IC4$2

T/P@/MSF6OTRV.\:'8G+WI5B5H\HC8YT.
M@U2( 8IM1!NC^+


4 BM9 8
VLA%@@312I#'6AQ.X?CUSY=NA/JR.;+T[KP
MK(S+P6C&)WN\]8VF_JN#8(PY)KGS$AC 4*KH6H*-'
FLC5+?Q?[_;SECDN_(

7/5\6 N04&6B^\- I 251*0V&!X(B::&5(HBU!_MP]
MBFZ@\-/Y=%W\-OU6U)%9JN_XZ:]B]JWX?3%??SGEH+JLXR$0()SB30PTED;
M$0(E6-;0SAU18UU/ZG+H51;-'J712V+6)N/9GJS\M6B-K?O^ A88$:D)0Q$9
]
ZI3O@<' 9Z90&&&DX&CIV5P*





(Q#B-^OO:#




MX^LVM54TY9?K7IB0);\C7&B(88\$^+2
M
Y4Z6TN#W@+D 

XURLIME
M_.1=ZKHZYT0'F@6)J0$24B:@0E!J#0S:#])+KS
C3D:\4;7)IA80[9$V_UQ.
MU^MB_N[SYP_%]NK7I\7'2;(12^_N'_-IG?/&6OT$!BBP6D3U'S!%@?-&22
L
M511ABVFF!C3B2+LVB=4%Q#TR[=+M\

M!\FUR:PVH1V9O@WB5NV)D9HC#SB!AL?5=O_QP!N8QXO&T6P[?=O-N[W8WXFV
MW0S! :)W7D4\_&I1/ IR;IC&$$HL(8@K/Q71ND;8




X7.-= C1Y2+K@'N
V[U;\7B83GY^F5Z-YG5C5E]V28008B-X!DM
M.3:.0





MVXU\%I=CVL
J\\=\L]I
9N^6;^:?E\6_-Q&N%
5X9L
[T2HH1 UD&CH4YPH$

GO:U7Y&;I3%?3%;G$Z/\NR1 +0Q#F
7OX5K





EH@1
+2X\#7CT;?0U3Z'33 +3R@CL$4T)J
M3C@2&E:<)C8SL']DYQ;#F4BMHM^#'O,A0G$NR*-Z)@C#-%0IM5B8BR4HHP]
MY402E7G37HZ+/(

8B!(Z2 @S+/;.=S*
MD-HAN6?!UH/D?X]L?]P\GI7]3\\%SS7W GIHG#* 24R


N Z#H^WOGM
M1)VA_,Z2

R94R#W=91@%H^/TRW+


_MM^OF0






MQYII[@2B1%I/GOQ_6/O



MQ


M*D$&!/. 1

Z\8#4BA:


 ^S/ X@FZY4IC?S
M^&/\M.]#J$;5RQLI0B=:!: 1YE91Q#T5&@KCE908NJCN$@GAN1PNO0VSSDIP
MJEF(ZV)4LC5*U]@

MJ_G];]/)G]/9MJ:J+=:3Z6P0PZ;]V4NB_2B$B(C''1]HP8DC9FM..H4A.D?J
RFLT6?TWF=T6:RA^B#)??BM6G^!EG
MZ'7Z2!8&%4)#[!1VFN)$CU*_<#C];;[52A:HT!KRJ<=X#SX 0[6S^A3O.
MK9+84=3%H6X-T:U&9:#CMKK[92M;IL$C3B6!78/#(LKN(DBFJZ?S[8SJ];1
M-H%*YIWVGAH?)RDW$D5[J



[4T*



\&

0\U5HR.- _'6
M8LD5EE1!AS05JIHTV-'



NL'\4]=
M!P0I@RIBC(A5WGAOJ['SX3)5

M UG/O3 HSBRR5#$;M1XFE42^$A(Q-W2Y_@HHW+*PAMC^_Y@OB\EL^I_B?J?.




M.DBC4\Y:SN
2RKC7BK'R


YD4N.D_C?I X@'T=4]DFB9?43+




9U[7&N%*V.^M]O8@?R)31^5KWD8LMNK@316J
MX=0ZQ[AR4E !-(E[#]*88ATW(F3
#I(S<3I[L5B1=)[=Z#JX]ZS5^-5F_66QG*Y_G*GI<+A!())(C[0V



KB3
UWA

MCZ[FAQ\


3N[.^C)/M






M5#ZVZWVH[SQE;;&BWC6C5D ?CGOEA_]\2VI[OZ^-W&-NH];!Q!.64(%A0Q
M0T@5*!?_X_L*%1S
N.V

MVA?WR:Y/@5&;R(L?/SU\@KHM]!Z
C#

MM_W+H-_
&?M


CVMU.28N6*=43X$
KT&B AR$AFC)$*ABG&:D6

'[2//Y=%W,?NP2
M[AY<H#IZ4_ 0<$52G3U,G!/2E0J P0 A3.=QO6K6UPS^X87R+B\&^VX-8)D


'%]!^IJC\@_
:VK3)?%^I66DU+H/%T3
HO'KXMY
MVB)N*AFFTMR9:
D:@3Q 0%/)]B6O+112GUN&:\WZHWE0]Q?[;/RZU7IZ=V2&



J,7-CBE;
MB7R),M!Q0/\Z ,6)/0=*H6:(


M\[E_D6NE'27;=AHP-8JF^'G-HM7K (&PUG4X8IG!8!?F'C^=E3WC/@0Q-_?W



M5@+ 


^-PG].-C0X;4#F5_;P7;

MYW.+5(_P0K$O/:$K:(=@3J?E[3'3U#IM!([Z
-1*

M.@&1JQQFR@!S/:]



%
QH_0#W[E
MC





4X

/OZHJV)X00P($=WFFG[

;%(.S8P\A.93 @^7[04?


CG
2L0=)#+D7/FFQ)^R%!SL(1EFED.?4
MNGC0X'CZP&H=:JUX9E;$9[9]T+NY3!^97%?(4P2$^P@BRN
04D-H9*7$^5
\/B<
M5_*)5XOB+AXV-U^NDE[=8#\ K=Y.<O@6)F_F/SS[NWH&X)64F/!05J8''##


N_GZUG=]L!/M=W?H.6+7L(V& %
M(IH$.864L)C**HY)
MV&OP3O
X68V1XL0HZ30TM;]

$8L0%[5P/922-&6/#S$MA\
MHG1&=?_0R15#X%QS2:T@BGBB7-2T0)5225L.
]T1(ZPG.DYZ=B3+#?MLIBL
MEM4__VI-.KC?O]L8]. &09 16Q _



MQ[BB2TB@N
$: $UGOLDI=SY/Y#*D=J*/7#K8!))]7


A)'5
 VLM(M7L+
R-

L6S-A?WS*..61
6PR$IU@!797-$ 0QGWG[?G5^@)-IUI- !KEC
M_2'T]G8/:N[OZ7QS







P-!55I=
M4





M@D )IW%Z]:DID[Z:&@%TJ#S:WXOEU_*-0MK)WM
'&*3\K7S]M@M0=.%C?;





Z^=R_

!BCSFUP EHE%10

O5







MB1 5=D
M

0.8V
4(G45]R09Z $Z];5U\^&L11?%M]OQ6$Z39.\.EF0\


M?EC^/(VB

[D
Z_*S@AG6 F9=E
M47#$ 44K.*F5UY
5O2_FGELD S!\;_S&CQ\(45-D1AN&O&?4.$4AKA4+I-CU






M#UZFOOQ(
)A*QJ54)F[2D$%B4SC5TWB

Z

M8\76FK@PXO(B2G'(ZAV0L-SL(B-4&?J07]D#Q%
S6
M:!HB


6_%
OOA9I.BWA8IX=2

M]$Z/

MQF%(U0&33Y'/2.G\G&JD%T:_[CXPX[SV3!.#X@8$B42N=A![QC.MY(MPJXV4



M#DU-?=Y9-U@FSO\H(J=+9Z1$_GVV2(7#'JM'.1VS^77WP4?Q( LY-5XQS)6F


M(UK'_D@(






M+C;'L'(&D^U(%]D?Q?H9@J[O05_V'9*]3RCTFF-CL!?:/JN51(G
!XTC-%TO

M'L #L






-=65O1QR


MH:5Q=;GFM!66.4

M2 O$'8

R+BLE(

9+E\


1&P
MJ%AHI7P]1\1S\TY?=JQ
'IT&@+^K$_!Y!/%L7JYG_[.57TK+WH'J-L37!H@H


Z2X(






(?2&46JK
MR2+MK^=









M




!



M%+:*QI5KG78.T)H




$*2N<:B$LVJ^SK

=FGMW+OPH[87L+NRC-7-?61QRJR=SOATX?6IF&_/AO+9D=[*
#ZJQX (


M
D_EI5



M@6KNC;-(*\L
U0P94]UP6RM0;J&:$479#;B)]0%YQN/YR?)?18IGB/3_T;0V

\?YSMO[VLLE!&^DG@-&3+JXAWN%);9(2NBJ1^I6
M9+^WA;_:'<1YQ#$ <[?7;<\&C?DV6=X=O+I_NT%*D8<(3$';R$4($2:H/@@$
M)+F)(W^MXE.

.%(LYX:+2H



97-@?;! 6=IDHP ADEP$F&
M!'Z^0).93\_1K_?@H4N8!SAH=L



M9#4M3NSUY

#J6
M[RDH9LCSZ IH%F$O;3I5I?4




M9OIF1G@J]

M.IO
WRUNR^7]5I!'\:O;+PF




M66V].M/R_F&R^
'?FIWKCX5WXO%IEUIS*-Z#$A13AC'(.Z.S&JN)535;!EU
MOV;!U6,9T)A]I@\9],ZXCYOE]-MDM3?C96YW@3%G) 






M
:!H_)L



_3
M8C%9SLJFN*.W/A^8= Q9(2#RPC!K4%F-RU(J,F\\[THHITB[-=7/!U@/,@-
MXM/H_ERL'HKI['96W#2&NUM$XR76D/*000+.\%E7'K5]!CBUT.A$Z7[TW5@



-U0Q3!#F%%**J-2D @0913)UZU'6NQ^
?8 -X<R#%K
M^W## @B+F(=MVN)'+(<<R4Q='%'QX2S\V0W^''

(96_01A


2ZAKX6N#2

.&8L

]-D


?_EI$_+_-'CX6RVD2YUT$)074EXMUA#A^
M_]W31PYL+=E]1GCBV4ZAMH JIZ1%DM8Z(E+H\E
==


6UOY&@3LJ-/4XV1+:4FNU5=68$;B2R^8N
MB= YIH-Z\L_WMJHO_SW#
JH=!A*AK

DE3/63_'M7B/6F
REG\D^YT(]K%PU

M/RC&F6&

88.00



@98QC[L(6X8]'6Y



M\%14R3Q36

1^_S^;S8FF2=?N2\
7R_GTY61R
K3^F:2HI
PL[Z:[+-C]YL8/WPP93(14%@


M/(U/7ZFK#&&)XY^_Q=D?SCQYN%&0\2S&AB(+B(-(0

MS@L-A2$*1YW-$@



-R$N*$88-Y(IRY%RA/.= X2 N








TC]=(^XVN6?E<X
M9%HAA W#B)#'=$

MZSBH %!$7X];KD
N['W
TBG6P_CEWAZO?CPB5.N(UL% I9#4Q#@G#&




J+!)[TR2/%H_UDL
M+%=N*SU(@


M=@DF#VG
S8T#@=9IY &E3&$C%'. 51..*E[OCICZX%KWRJH3I5WVC.O@1$H+



C F:751I@-8P@V]@?\N4[9MJ=K-(2BUD$MP1XS[:5TR-IJ6A+JS*?J
=AK<8]',=K/H1#=[V5<P@ELG.8?4 @J=(Q:!@ZO\/44<NN
%SGZV0F0









]-!G]1?B**%#$@4#Y1H-7$;M5Y6P8*<RN3E

%.:02QM$1CQ5AE?8D(?^_IH(;.
MXC
_N']Z.<CL*1A(J8RZ
TEYM2W&
M2O)J=M)8D.G9'Z%'90AN#2.$LV]R7:E_@F#@O?%8*.L5P5X]3YL+DID.H;5G

 0.8.)
M5-H^1=DRS;1U3:_GAYE@RYC+YM:!4
^QX Q9RA41RC$-JFD#3ZXGLNITP;^.


8.:M_B4M[:.)L3=0

3M

M#:PFS2S







!JZ;B%!GJ

MB=T&*B

J[)N?#4HRJ9EDBIMXWFI'/:B\
MQ!)J


TC<?=






 0A]A#8!$@
M4
59EE-31N=Z1X_/D[@QZ/ZTNEX*KZCV&_C)YZTU(\)IRC7]7HY^[I9;VM%
MEW^4L8-H)7S^1;#(\[Z/KXP 

(9






MXT0:0 2G4@




M:!I9@ZD'U!*!JXGJE%8R3]KCO?WH:

M#P




M^7JI )*;S7\+K#N*34 [$,%!WY,SOOXIZL)#Y0$*D^UMQQ218VVN[*=W.-



MQ'O


MH4J$AXK%..]%?.[2;XU?^Z5OOLT6DTBR]A?R1[0
6$I/#=*
*

I135Z

2I_T<S&WZ#-XIP0J5C&*1]
MEG'/*GLSPV3NX!#Z&0Z#@1Y1I3*



_1B6DP\S2EA'^:SY6$B5&(!?.
.$8M0 :@-63&T!Q
MB&!3%J)1F*H]A(EYKI4G@JE2:J-F;;GA:IK?@%3-1CB=%!F%@[M\N3(PI
M2[FQD'*

MU?0

D-=P)PS3.QH1\=)M8.U+.&B6DC+.%2BXL4%I  .NA:B2N+L'I*=+Z

-':_GL 
*=(!CQGWZ='8P#JS^?3!4 J^U

R

:R


OCL:GE<K;XM''$KJ*.]5STZI_9\K;'$=QIWP@4.P

M[GHJM9Q!\L_5ZA. +V'29\/R
+#%;;KOD_)5'C\!'.%SP5D)4MY+(07F# (A


MZ$L2=:@Y
JXP
V[PY0XD_ES?K_^:W=U7?];_N
7MFX_O4IL]2LG@WXG((*
T
-
MA+!,X*]0$!XTPY<Y*8*FF)XV?E6Y%%$42)<\<O7N_I'5;VOEM_F-]7+O?\P


M[$;W[U/U*C!HL'2







M8Q X[V2MNDM,BKS+LT4$UY,ABF#22,CA&L3HGZ0+(\?4I2;;&$VCB8O:E
M^L1-?ZPEF?FNV&]V[&7'? 7L'TVP5E''$+M









M-26N*
_G


89HJ]/YV)7K
)$.9%\E@1XY]LEGVEX134W


MA7E%

.%5

M74H&



M?KU:SQ:WF]*VZ^5\L9K?C*9G'_MF8

M47P/LV/TK*?UXJ^-5O\[Z^E/J2@]
9;'OZ*\XH^0@+BR[3+5(J?$
7MUI%7M

MJ\\KUWHX&8R9(PHHP!QAV%CL(+-6:Z&;GD3[.U/5ND3?1RDVY&)_[AQ1%C
L



M2U*W? S&25(M

DZU;%K1[
9_.I#*I+V^
^3T^QUO?[_JO6[ZJ;^M)C_S\%3



5

G':G[N



FOI


8AHY @TCI&I?*LU8(
SIR?O5/?3=RI-.4Y.IJP



M9RK5(H*LZ3X3-K.L_02)=@:)U\. 7HHS1PN4/WHJ@@ -1T982'54'R1Q48_=

T$8%SAJ
MCKMA 
2O)]E7ENSJX: KP8#9]VX


5Y^.(B414(:K#A!PLHX
M6MD



M)[5:W7_9#M9]_UK=K*O;O^J[^)J[B





3$2(-KJ






MB:$ 0D:L5H*#EC(VZ@^9EZ#A-06

)A[:PFC
M#;S









MV[N$SQ']K7TF $^A ['_CC)OO.'*-HJ(U!!F9NB8(IW.KKOE@EZ*





MX''E;0#S[(H.V\^OHQ27UI3I_5)EYW?SU;_]LDH7S*K(JW4J@3X&^[M^.P L

.2E0E'\#-R
HT\

M67^NEA\^SQ:[0-+VSL&S%6-3IL?&Q:)%:XR=:



MTCPX8(&V!B/+(8\ZO[/ ;VZ8




MAYUY@WN*+#I=PL\Y

M7VV\PVGX/_^VJM*]CV.[T FO#4 8Y03R%&OHF $JXMW.+X=8'L6F&$528J
J


M7W6UJ793U#+$:!Q 24(4\\\1JX91E0)KTB/'D::+]M266.:S^I%RCP\(?!




-I/O%VK
M 


)I&SU;HI-






M!&L%\AZ+N!\;Q21C+/3CYBZ;TXM83[-MLD=2NY1 S)G((#/M_M;@VIV_]S

BBIE

MX!%&3.)HIR#.@=




MO;BWD:!$:J8PMH(YB@QA!
F@$:Y#*Y






MB;V8?_G[/N)Y=+DXVBX8X0#2RG&?O@DI
PJUBYO+O;(/?PE7Y=#H%G WC)/@

MP&&K4V&

-
3

DS8!@ KR15A*22VZ\LI!YB( 0D+5V4(3@:DZT



MYN

L&1OM\

MS



MCKV#QDHAE;60J.NI5#:



PPM0@04T8P[95T
N[HDE
05^:($-964GP]
MM7R'I\H0@):
MWM_4T5-;UYWC;-[_'RP)*(BN1+: ^8)M0HTA8&

[D9!B;(
OIR$:<;=P$_+:D/ZE/O U(N-NV5+K_O^3NTI J2!#V%HA?4H6




&8X;CM*&*%0
RNL\?[R

M_O6(^W3AU







M2@MK%





PH+W6[R

MS$9KTCK&.31M0(*01_



\.Z8B/-0V4

M5^Y[NEN1LI?
ELL?\=^;W^X+4.W^AA#G!:66&DS2@+C1L3/-:(1#UY
#9CBY
MUB60+K &-0YQ]WV^WB3MA@=6G9\?#L)K@1F%/)693I%!O%F0$:3

M?.H

YY#CN

=N2;1;J_^N;CVW26M5S/
MJT/+VOY& 3M.N



M&P69


M2HE86V0H!

M1
IH!QLH

^R
X%8PQIO[
MODX9D5F0%/Y*_ON!

.
M

M(P+KD1UJZKN[ZF;KUGT6?[HO^JI;ZVQQ,XB!KC13#NHJ#'M;(C]R:3)K^)^
M'P?FL[D_W_RSB'+X//_Z$%+6V__YPCLM41 CYV.-BY!TG.J0+M?
Y3KEOKM

G.KV /'R7AB0P101


M(;-$&T]

M
#A&D;8*DVBY$ $(A5IN

=S;=0E0 './KV/OP!E;]P]S-5ELMO--^
M^U.K$%F)


#-4(
HXPJR96IKCW#H
4^3)Z3*M!T:S_P')YI/:?;_Y/%M\JA+'





LY I)'I0BUM%;6
M74].QC$

M!'@M&/)(4B!0
V#
_C-;OA3HTJ%5$-3%WCJM(O_
SK.)M+T6BB?J7=

*-GT


]1HJ]O3#\Q=*=?0=D]UB]N+



WP%
DML31!J@PBX\[Q
M9/U@O8!X
IR2;A*/
!':$X09-:P9D/
DLV;Z%'ERNDR/QY/U0W
:\618:NZ-
MPAY!XKU RBO9])D[DIME:'H

8_OQUX;1!0&T&ED






.

MA-%NN$+)YU7M+]@IDBOF;F?PF7B.-A'OOW[=UB&9W?UQ/UO.%E%JKQ8?Z^67




MR!/B\QJQ)Z-7@!#MKOC^_N_5_'8^6\X/A+)U:!5@7!B]5
H)+(W3EGCIFR%2
AZTM*/
MQ(5]M\6&P[P T=1J5:V[5/-Z^F05C

+)0$$XP4!F3VW\S$IT9O3W!
DS

M%$MH2;/59[6X3?]*A\3?9G=I055K
ULN?\P7GXZ%O71J'ZQ7@J?@9JY=G$D*

M@E+Z3D0I=A Y)ZULU4$B

)K!R2S@A 



M;S:_C5OC_Z[GB_5?\?'[PW?U3WIO$$)*IR13SDGJK&.4M# )EWOU;+(&]@#+
'L
MOZ]MG(N[H2QN7]=;[OY9SQ:/C/YCU
A[44@CLAX:]J)[E#!JAF;%;IS*(O
M_
M?\YG?\==
CD*(U=_3@;2(?JZRL4LH[33P,++=1[M2-=OA)(KN!A3)&YO

MG?U(.VH3$!1_O;R/


/\\HN]CDBYLMB75[AR X .-0]Q.;9:20,TTT )YRDS: ]\)F*U00/
M6
97JX8 ^SF8\S
'!&!)/.005U%(X(A[.D&!N1I[^AR.CNZ#&7:+RXS!


MH' )C39$

YXT=SNQ
\NS8.C2EB/
8A#)HYQR-O8$
6(



M/PG7Y6YJ9: OL)#]:[ZHE['KFUY7JT
Q8-J34UW];+C0S7Z^7\[_MU8OJ'.JVFT?Z
(




2(K
3/X3RED[

[YP034:5Y(&R=OV

M24XHMG$PN@P*9 '&C%?4SJ@X.AE-1R.41]H:'?^W&ZJA*M
9-J&0Q
$X
RR2
M94ASAJ)VRCB
OEW6W^:W

X))JR
(0E.JC6P!X!Q?3\7$86CP
M7






B2$BEHE:0L:@F[
MQ6T7R^/1TQ%(9CVF3F
5!P
HE*8YB'





LFXO=;M;Q=



&/U.=V.^#:[


M-


2D^M)!GN2Q X43ND'

M


*ZH
M9(-=SLX(W#F)8 )[11#/8@1[+![+]Q* CU_.XN8DW!IC*ZO:\0(.C@SG&X
M42 4QG%#1VTJO*$L):A=2#7

-2F

TZ9

M@O&(8@I
_ .NN694X4:7EM2H4G[.$N%6 W%C9(B?4.9R]NT!P2VJXAV;A _2



=?*2!Z!F\_5





MW+RM%ZOZ;GZ[D8V[FW^)RE3Z\3AECK0

M9^A@G!D6R3*DV:MZF]G73=^[^-%[O2=8I.





MQ



[\^X?*94^2GUW_K'OZKUYY1\]UOLZM:K\.#77'S:
MHROW?U'@P$+A%358&19%0YAYT..\R#R



1N:NIJ41WV

 +9#VA&H%)/$*


JN:RA.,W.
MX';%)P=#X%@D\.I+E,#G:.?,O^V,Z&9[/1B$M;=5D$98!XB$
3]UUAL::L\
M$N)R[]/U/S*X.*H

QNMKBIWG^NJO4P
M?#OPQF QI0AIIQ'P.FZ22$O?C-8*GEF2=(+'.T5Y-ASBP_/KT1Q(55/]7?W/
MX,O:GA<'B:)FC@F-0'MKB!(\MW8103$E;IG<%UL&QSXPXK
__T?Z=&_9ZOJ
M__F__G]02P$% ,4     #6@4M(4 ]D)W2+!@ @LY$ $
M@ $     =&%P+3(P
34Q
C
Q+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( -:!2TC-W&QRARX

M
#$U
3(S


#$U
M
3(S

#$U
3(S

*A $  '!
#     $!
end



